A new immune-modulating diet enriched with whey-hydrolyzed peptide, fermented milk, and isomaltulose attenuates gut ischemia-reperfusion injury in mice; Background & aims: Gut ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) is considered an important mechanism underlying multiple organ failure after severe surgical insults. We previously demonstrated an enteral diet enriched with whey-hydrolyzed peptide, fermented milk, and isomaltulose to have anti-inflammatory effects in a concanavalin A-induced hepatitis model. Here, we investigated whether the immune-modulating diet (IMD), could prevent systemic inflammation, thereby improving survival in a gut I/R model.
Effect of a diet based on the dietary guidelines for americans on inflammation markers in women at risk for cardiometabolic disease: results of a randomized, controlled trial; Objective: To evaluate the effect of a diet pattern based on Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA), in a controlled feeding setting, on plasma markers of inflammation and on cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC). Design: Women (n = 44) with one or more risk factors of metabolic syndrome (and BMI: 25.2-39.8 kg/m(2)) completed an 8-wk controlled feeding study. They were randomized to either a group following a diet based on DGA 2010 (DGA), or a group given a 'typical American diet' (TAD), based largely on a Western diet pattern. By design, women maintained their body weight. Fasting plasma and PBMC were collected at wk. 0 (baseline) and at wk. 8 (post-intervention). Sixteen plasma markers of inflammation and eight PBMC cytokines were measured at both time points, to evaluate if the diet had a significant effect on concentrations of these inflammatory markers. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, followed by multiple-comparison adjustment using Benjamini-Hochberg method. Results: Significant changes observed in Serum Amyloid A (SAA) and Matrix Metalloproteinase 3 (MMP3) in plasma did not retain significance upon multiple comparison adjustment. SAA: p = 0.044, adj p = 0.450; DGA mean change [95% CI] = - 12.6[- 32.3 to 7.04]; TAD mean change [95% CI] = - 2.24 [- 9.99 to 5.51]. MMP3: p = 0.014, adj p = 0.35; DGA mean change [95% CI] = 2.72[- 4.16 to 9.59]; TAD mean change [95% CI] = - 0.98[- 16.7 to 14.7]). Other inflammation markers were not differently altered by DGA relative to TAD. Effect size of change (Cohens d) indicated a large/medium-large effect of intervention on MMP3 and CRP, and medium effect on IL-6. Conclusions: No statistically significant changes were observed in the immune markers examined in this study. The biological roles and magnitude of the non-significant differences seen with two variables, CRP and MMP3, suggest that they be examined in future studies.
Early preterm nutrition and the urinary metabolome in young adult life: follow-up of a randomised controlled trial; Objective
Influence of a cholesterol-lowering strain<i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i>LP3 isolated from traditional fermented yak milk on gut bacterial microbiota and metabolome of rats fed with a high-fat diet; L. plantarumLP3 isolated from traditinal fermented Tibetan yak milk has been identified as a potential probiotic candidate strain with high cholesterol-lowering activity. In this study, thirty Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into three groups, including normal diet (NC), high-fat diet (HC), and high-fat diet +L. plantarumLP3 (HLp). The effects ofL. plantarumLP3 on plasma lipid profile, gut bacterial microbiota, and metabolome induced by high-fat diet in rats were investigated. Results shown thatL. plantarumLP3 administration was found to reduce the levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and atherogenic index in the serum of high-fat diet rats. It also controlled the decrease ofBacteroidetesand increase ofFirmicutesat the phylum level in gut microbiota induced by high-fat diet in SD rats and increased the diversity and relative abundance of intestinal flora in obese rats. In particular, the LP3 strain controlled the changes induced by the high-fat diet in the abundance of forLachnospiraceaeandErysipelotrichaceae. We also further observed the beneficial regulatory effects ofL. plantarumLP3 on changes in the levels of obesity-related metabolites. The biosynthesis of fatty acids, steroids, and bile acids and metabolism of linoleic acid, linolenic acid, and arachidonic acid were the main metabolic pathways adjusted byL. plantarumLP3 in obese rats, and the metabolic rates were similar to those observed in normal diet rats levels. The findings of this study provided useful information on the mechanism underlying the hypocholesterolemic effects ofL. plantarumLP3 in the high-fat induced SD rat model with the perspective of modulation of gut microbiota and metabolites.
Nut consumption and incidence of cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular disease mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Context: Previous meta-analyses evaluating the association between nut consumption and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) had substantial methodological limitations and lacked recently published large prospective studies; hence, making an updated meta-analysis highly desirable. Objective: To update the clinical guidelines for nutrition therapy in relation to the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD), a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies was conducted using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system to summarize the evidence of the association between total nuts, specific types of nuts, and the incidence of, and mortality from, CVD outcomes. Data sources: Relevant articles were identified by searching the PubMed and Cochrane databases. Data extraction: Two independent researchers screened the articles to identify those that met the inclusion criteria. Data analysis: The inverse variance method with fixed-effect or random-effects models was used to pool data across studies (expressed as risk ratio [RR] and 95% confidence interval [CI]). Heterogeneity was tested and quantified using the Cochrane Q test and I-2-statistic, respectively. The GRADE system was used to assess the quality of the evidence. Results: Nineteen studies were included in the analyses. The results revealed an inverse association between total nut consumption (comparing highest vs lowest categories) and CVD incidence (RR, 0.85; 95%CI, 0.800.91; I-2, 0%), CVD mortality (RR, 0.77; 95%CI, 0.72-0.82; I-2, 3%), coronary heart disease (CHD) incidence (RR, 0.82; 95%CI, 0.69-0.96; I-2, 74%), CHD mortality (RR, 0.76; 95%CI, 0.67-0.86; I-2, 46%), stroke mortality (RR, 0.83; 95%CI, 0.75-0.93; I-2, 0%), and atrial fibrillation (RR, 0.85; 95%CI, 0.73-0.99; I-2, 0%). No association was observed with stroke incidence and heart failure. The certainty of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. Conclusions: This systematic review and meta-analysis revealed a beneficial role of nut consumption in reducing the incidence of, and mortality from, different CVD outcomes.
Effectiveness of a Web- and Mobile Phone-Based Intervention to Promote Physical Activity and Healthy Eating in Middle-Aged Males: Randomized Controlled Trial of the ManUp Study; Background: The high number of adult males engaging in low levels of physical activity and poor dietary practices, and the health risks posed by these behaviors, necessitate broad-reaching intervention strategies. Information technology (IT)-based (Web and mobile phone) interventions can be accessed by large numbers of people, yet there are few reported IT-based interventions targeting males' physical activity and dietary practices.
Study of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in Spanish university workers; Background and objectives: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of death worldwide, so the aim of this study is to analyze the risk factors of cardiovascular disease in workers at the University of Alicante (Alicante, Spain).
Prevalence and risk factors of osteoporosis and osteopenia among residents in Hubei province, China; It is the first time to estimate the prevalence and characterize of osteoporosis in Hubei province, China. The prevalence of osteoporosis was 12.19%, 3.69% for males, and 18.94% for females; 56.6% were diagnosed with osteopenia, 44.96% for males, and 65.84% for females.IntroductionThe disease burden of osteoporosis is increasing, but there are few studies on the prevalence and risk factors in Hubei, China. This study aims to analyze the prevalence of osteoporosis using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) measurement and the risk factors of osteoporosis using epidemiological survey methods.ObjectiveTo explore the prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia in Hubei province, and provide the epidemiological basis for policymakers, to reduce the prevalence of osteoporosisMethodsBased on data derived from the epidemiological survey of osteoporosis in Hubei province in 2018, 1592 residents aged 40 and above from 32 neighborhood committees/villages in 4 districts/counties of Hubei province were selected by multistage stratified random sampling. The lumbar spine AP (L1-L4 and L2-L4), femoral neck, and total hip BMD were measured using DXA of the internationally recognized gold standard and assessed according to WHO diagnostic criteria, utilizing unconditional logistic regression to explore the risk factors of osteoporosis and osteopenia.ResultsThe overall crude prevalence of osteoporosis was 12.19%, 3.69% for males, and 18.94% for females. Osteopenia was diagnosed in 56.6% of all participants, 44.96% in males, and 65.84% in females. Increasing age, females, and underweight were related to the high prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia, while people with higher levels of education, overweight, and obese had a low prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia. In women, the absence of chronic disease and moderate intake of dairy products probably be associated with the low prevalence of osteopenia.ConclusionsThe prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia is high in Hubei, China. The risk of prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia was higher in females and people with higher age and low BMI. While high BMI, high education, the absence of chronic disease, and intaking dairy moderately were negatively correlated with the prevalence of osteopenia or osteoporosis. The government should support the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge of undergraduate students at the University of Ibadan, Nigeria; Objective: This study assessed the nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge and dietary pattern of undergraduate students.Design: A cross-sectional study design was employed.Setting: The University of Ibadan campus, Ibadan, Oyo state, Nigeria.Participants: A systematic random sampling of 367 undergraduate students was done. Method: A pretested self-administered questionnaire assessed the nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge of the participants based on WCRF/AICR guidelines. A food frequency questionnaire was used to evaluate the dietary pattern. Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, body mass index and waist:hip ratio were measured and computed based on standard procedures.Results: Less than half (49%) had good nutrition-related knowledge of cancer prevention. About 30.0-40.0% frequently consumed legumes/nuts, vegetables and fruits respectively. About 75.0% frequently consumed processed cereals and grains (white rice, white bread and noodles). Above 20.0% were overweight, while 3.8% were obese. Less than 75.0% had low risk of abdominal obesity while 25.5% had high risk of abdominal obesity. Nutrition knowledge of cancer prevention was associated with the frequency of consumption of processed cereals and grains ((2) = 13.724; p= 0.000), legumes/nuts ((2) = 17.268; p = 0.000), meat ((2)= 22.972; p = 0.000), fish (2) = 23.017; p = 0.000), pastry snacks ((2) = 36.159; p = 0.000) and sugary drinks (2= 6.432; p = 0.011). There was no significant difference in knowledge of cancer prevention and the frequency of consumption of roots and tubers, milk, vegetables, and fruits. A higher risk of abdominal obesity was associated with infrequent consumption of legumes/nuts (2= 7.001, p = 0.008) in the males, and with vegetables (2= 6.771, p = 0.009) and fruits (2= 4.205, p = 0.040) intakes in the females.Conclusion: Nutrition-related knowledge of cancer prevention was low, and the respondents also had a poor dietary pattern. The high risk of abdominal obesity may be a pointer to the larger young adult population, emphasising a need for targeted intervention.
The Effect of <i>Wolffia globosa</i> Mankai, a Green Aquatic Plant, on Postprandial Glycemic Response: A Randomized Crossover Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE To compare the postprandial and overnight glycemic response using a novel green aquatic plant thought to provide a dietary source for high-quality protein, with an iso-carbohydrate/protein/caloric dairy shake. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This is a randomized controlled crossover trial among 20 abdominally obese participants (age 51.4 years; fasting plasma glucose 110.9 mg/dL), who were allocated to replace dinner with either, first, a green shake containing Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: specific-strain) or an iso-carbohydrate/protein/calorie yogurt shake. A 2-week flash glucose-monitoring system was used to assess postmeal glucose dynamics (6 net administration days; 97 observation days in total). We further obtained from each participant dietary/daily activity/satiety scale/sleep logs. Participants were recruited from the green-Mediterranean diet arm of the 18-month Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial-Polyphenols Unprocessed (DIRECT-PLUS) study. RESULTS Wolffia globosa Mankai elicited a lower postprandial glucose peak compared with yogurt ( increment peak = 13.4 +/- 9.2 vs. 19.3 +/- 15.1 mg/dL; P = 0.044), which occurred later (77.5 +/- 29.2 vs. 59.2 +/- 28.4 min; P = 0.037) and returned faster to baseline glucose levels (135.8 +/- 53.1 vs. 197.5 +/- 70.2 min; P = 0.012). The mean post-net incremental area under the curve (netAUC) was lower with Wolffia globosa up to 60 and 180 min (netAUC 60 min: 185.1 +/- 340.1 vs. 441.4 +/- 336.5 mg/dL/min, P = 0.005; netAUC 180 min: 707.9 +/- 1,428.5 vs. 1,576.6 +/- 1,810.1 mg/dL/min, P = 0.037). A Wolffia globosa-based shake replacing dinner resulted in lower next-morning fasting glucose levels (83.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 86.6 +/- 13 mg/dL; P = 0.041). Overall, postprandial glucose levels from the shake administration until the next morning were lower in the Wolffia globosa Mankai green shake compared with the yogurt shake (P < 0.001). Overnight sleep duration was similar (378.2 +/- 22.4 vs. 375.9 +/- 28.4 min; P = 0.72), and satiety rank was slightly higher for the Wolffia globosa shake compared with the yogurt shake (7.5 vs. 6.5; P = 0.035). CONCLUSIONS Wolffia globosa Mankai duckweed may serve as an emerging alternative plant protein source with potential beneficial postprandial glycemic effects.
Comparative Assessment of Diet Quality and Adherence to a Structured Nutrition and Exercise Intervention Compared with Usual Care in Pregnancy in a Randomized Trial; Background: In trials testing the efficacy of diet and exercise modifications during pregnancy on health outcomes, assessment of participant adherence to interventions of diet and exercise is rarely reported, with few standard methods existing to measure adherence. Objective: We aimed to assess the maternal diet quality and create an algorithm to evaluate adherence to an intervention of high protein/ dairy nutrition and walking exercise from early pregnancy to birth.Methods: In Be Healthy in Pregnancy randomized trial (NCT01693510), diet quality was measured using scores from an adapted Pri-meScreen food frequency questionnaire, nutrient intake assessed by 3-day diet records, and physical activity using accelerometry at 14-17 (early), 26-28 (middle), and 36-38 (late) weeks' gestation. A novel adherence score was derived by combining data for compliance with prescribed protein and energy intakes and daily step counts in the intervention group. Between-group diet quality scores and changes in adherence scores in the intervention group across pregnancy were analyzed using generalized estimating equations adjusted for prepreg-nancy body mass index and study site.Results: Diet scores were similar for intervention (n = 55) and control (n = 56) groups at baseline but only the intervention group significantly improved and maintained their scores from early to middle (18.7 & PLUSMN; 7.6 vs. 22.9 & PLUSMN; 6.1; P < 0.001) and late (22.5 & PLUSMN; 6.9; P < 0.008) pregnancy. Protein intake was significantly (P < 0.001) higher but energy intakes were similar in the intervention group compared with those in the control group. Adherence scores for the intervention increased significantly (P < 0.01) from early (1.52 & PLUSMN; 0.70) to midpregnancy (1.89 & PLUSMN; 0.82) but declined from midpregnancy to late (1.55 & PLUSMN; 0.78; P < 0.0005) pregnancy primarily owing to lower step counts.Conclusions: Adherence to an intervention may decline toward the end of pregnancy, particularly in maintaining physical activity. Creation of adherence scores is a feasible approach to measure combined intervention compliance for diet and physical activity and may increase transparency in interpreting results of randomized trials in pregnancy.This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01689961 (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01689961?cond=NCT01689961 & rank=1; registered on 21 September 2012).
Eight-day consumption of inulin added to a yogurt breakfast lowers postprandial appetite ratings but not energy intakes in young healthy females: a randomised controlled trial; Increasing feelings of satiety may reduce appetite and energy intake. The role of inulin consumption in impacting satiety is unclear. A randomised double-blind controlled crossover trial aimed to determine the effects of inulin+yogurt on satiety after 1 and 8-d consumption. The preload breakfast included 100 g vanilla yogurt with (yogurt-inulin (YI)) and without (yogurt-control (YC)) 6 g inulin. A total of nineteen healthy females (22.8 (SD 2.7) years) with non-restrained eating behaviour and taking hormonal contraceptives participated in the study. Day 1 and 8 visual analogue scale (VAS) ratings of Hunger, Fullness, Desire to Eat and Prospective Food Consumption (PFC) were collected at fasting and every 30 min for 180 min. Energy intake was calculated from a weighed ad libitum lunch and remainder of day food records. Total AUC was calculated for each VAS. Day 1 (VAS only) and 8 (VAS and energy intakes) data were compared between YI and YC using ANCOVA, and ANOVA was used to compare energy intakes on Day 1. There were no significant differences between Day 1 YI and YC AUC appetite ratings or energy intakes. However, 8-d consumption of YI v. YC was associated with lower Desire to Eat and PFC ratings but similar lunch and total day energy intakes. Therefore, the addition of 6 g inulin to a commercially available yogurt affected feelings of appetite, but not energy intake, after repeated consumption. These results suggest that inulin may be a suitable ingredient to increase dietary fibre consumption, with potential to impact appetite.
EATING BEHAVIOURS OF ITALIAN ADULTS: RESULTS OF THE OSSERVATORIO EPIDEMIOLOGICO CARDIOVASCOLARE/HEALTH EXAMINATION SURVEY; OBJECTIVES: to describe eating behaviours of the Italian adult population collected by the Osservatorio Epidemiologico Cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey during 2008-2012.
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trials; Background: Numerous studies on animals evidenced that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) could decrease blood pressure (BP) in several rat models. However, such beneficial effect is not completely supported by studies on humans.
Dietary hydrogenated fat increases high-density lipoprotein apoA-I catabolism and decreases low-density lipoprotein apoB-100 catabolism in hypercholesterolemic women; Objective - To determine mechanisms contributing to decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations associated with hydrogenated fat intake, kinetic studies of apoA-I, apoB-100, and apoB-48 were conducted using stable isotopes.
Towards a comprehensive theory of obesity and a healthy diet: The causal role of oxidative stress in food addiction and obesity; Background: Obesity is a major public health problem whose prevalence has been rapidly increasing in the United States (U.S), and globally. It is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths globally and contributes to the development of many diseases.
The HealtheSteps™ lifestyle prescription program to improve physical activity and modifiable risk factors for chronic disease: a pragmatic randomized controlled trial; Background: Our objective was to determine the influence of the HealtheSteps (TM) lifestyle prescription program on physical activity and modifiable risk factors for chronic disease in individuals at risk.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055 suppresses fatty acid release through enlargement of fat emulsion size <i>in vitro</i> and promotes fecal fat excretion in healthy Japanese subjects; Background: Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) has been shown to prevent abdominal adiposity, and suppression of lipid absorption is considered a possible mechanism, detail of which, however, are poorly understood. In the present study, we evaluated the effects of LG2055 on fat hydrolysis by determining pancreatic lipase activity and fat emulsion properties in vitro. We also examined whether LG2055 influences fecal fat excretion in humans.
Probiotic yogurt improves body mass index and fasting insulin levels without affecting serum leptin and adiponectin levels in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); There is evidence of possible beneficial effects of probiotic products in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Here the effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on obesity values, fasting insulin, insulin resistance, and serum leptin and adiponectin levels in NAFLD patients were investigated by a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial. Seventy-two subjects, aged between 23 and 63 years, were divided into two groups. Subjects consumed either 300 g/day of probiotic yogurt or 300 g/day of conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in a significant reduction in weight, body mass index, and serum levels of fasting insulin as compared with that in the control group. No significant changes were observed in waist circumference, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance, serum leptin, adiponectin, and leptin to adiponectin ratio in both groups. Our study suggests that probiotic yogurt consumption improved body mass index and insulin levels and may be applicable in reducing risk factors of NAFLD. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of grazing dairy steers on winter rye (<i>Secale cereale</i>) versus winter wheat (<i>Triticum aestivum</i>) and effects on meat quality, fatty acid and amino acid profiles, and consumer acceptability of organic beef; Meat from Holstein and crossbred organic dairy steers finished on winter rye and winter wheat pastures was evaluated and compared for meat quality, fatty acid and amino acid profiles, and consumer acceptability. Two adjacent 4-ha plots were established with winter rye or winter wheat cover crops in September 2015 at the University of Minnesota West Central Research and Outreach Center (Morris, MN). During spring of 2015, 30 steers were assigned to one of three replicate breed groups at birth. Breed groups were comprised of: Holstein (HOL; n = 10), crossbreds comprised of Montbeliarde, Viking Red, and HOL (MVH; n = 10), and crossbreds comprised of Normande, Jersey, and Viking Red (NJV; n = 10). Dairy steers were maintained in their respective replicate breed group from three days of age until harvest. After weaning, steers were fed an organic total mixed ration of organic corn silage, alfalfa silage, corn, soybean meal, and minerals until spring 2016. Breed groups were randomly assigned to winter rye or winter wheat and rotationally grazed from spring until early summer of 2016. For statistical analysis, independent variables were fixed effects of breed, forage, and the interaction of breed and forage, with replicated group as a random effect. Specific contrast statements were used to compare HOL versus crossbred steers. Fat from crossbreds had 13% greater omega-3 fatty acids than HOL steers. Furthermore, the omega-6/3 ratio was 14% lower in fat from crossbreds than HOL steers. For consumer acceptability, steaks from steers grazed on winter wheat had greater overall liking than steers grazed on winter rye. Steak from crossbreeds had greater overall liking than HOL steers. The results suggest improvement in fatty acids and sensory attributes of beef from crossbred dairy steers compared to HOL steers, as well as those finished on winter wheat compared to winter rye.
Effects of a single glucocorticoid injection on propylene glycol-treated cows with clinical ketosis; This study investigated the metabolic effects of glucocorticoids when administered to propylene glycol-treated cows with clinical ketosis. Clinical ketosis was defined by depressed feed intake and milk production, and a maximal score for acetoacetate in urine. All cows received 250 mL oral propylene glycol twice daily for 3 days and were randomly assigned to a single intramuscular injection with sterile isotonic saline solution (n = 14) or dexamethasone-21-isonicotinate (n = 17). Metabolic blood variables were monitored for 6 days and adipose tissue variables for 3 days. p-Hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) concentrations in blood decreased in all cows during treatment, but were lower in glucocorticoid-treated cows. Cows treated with glucocorticoids had higher plasma glucose and insulin concentrations, whereas concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids, 3-methylhistidine and growth hormone were unaffected. mRNA expression of hormone-sensitive lipase, BHBA receptor and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor type gamma in adipose tissue was not affected. This shows that lipolytic effects do not appear to be important in ketotic cows when glucocorticoids are combined with PG. Plasma 3-methyl histidine concentrations were similar in both groups, suggesting that glucocorticoids did not increase muscle breakdown and that the greater rise in plasma glucose in glucocorticoid-treated cows may not be due to increased supply of glucogenic amino acids from muscle. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Reproductive Performance, Milk Composition, Blood Metabolites and Hormone Profiles of Lactating Sows Fed Diets with Different Cereal and Fat Sources; Different dietary cereal sources and fat types in the lactation diet were evaluated to investigate their effects on reproductive performance. milk composition, blood metabolites and hormones in multiparous sows. Twenty-four sows were randomly assigned to one of four treatments according to a 2x2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Each treatment had 6 replicates comprising I sow. Two cereal (corn or wheat) and two fat (tallow or soybean oil) sources were used to prepare iso-caloric and iso-nitrogenous diets. Sows fed corn-based diets lost less body weight (p = 0.003) and backfat thickness (p = 0.034). consumed more feed (p = 0.032) and had shorter wean-to-estrus interval (p = 0.016) than sows fed wheat-based diets. Fewer piglets and lower body weight of piglets (p<0.05) at weaning were noted in sows fed wheat-based diets than in sows fed corn-based diets. However. no significant effects (p>0.05) of dietary fat source and its interaction with dietary cereal source on sow body condition and reproductive performance were observed during lactation. Feeding of a corn-based diet improved (p<0.05) sow milk total solid. protein and fat, increased blood urea nitrogen (p = 0.032) and triglyceride (p = 0.018). and decreased blood creatinine (p = 0.011) concentration at weaning when compared with sows fed wheat-based diets, Sows fed corn-based diets had higher concentration of insulin (p = 0.048) and 1,11 (p<0.05) at weaning than sows fed wheat-based diets. The results indicate that feeding corn-based diets to lactating sows improved sow body condition and reproductive performance compared with wheat-based diets regardless of fat sources.
Prevalence of Iron-deficiency Anaemia among University Students in Noakhali Region, Bangladesh; Iron-deficiency anaemia (IDA) is a common health problem in rural women and young children of Bangladesh. The university students usually take food from residential halls, and the food value of their diets is not always balanced. This cross-sectional study was conducted to estimate the prevalence of iron-deficiency anaemia among the university students of Noakhali region, Bangladesh. Haemoglobin level of 300 randomly-selected students was measured calorimetrically, using Sahli's haemoglobinometer during October to December 2011. Statistical analysis was done by using SPSS software for Windows (version 16) (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). In the study, 55.3% students were found anaemic, of whom 36.7% were male, and 63.3% were female. Students aged 20-22 years were more anaemic (43.4%) than other age-groups. Majority (51.3%) of male students showed their haemoglobin level in the range of 13-15 g/dL, followed by 26.0% and 21.3% with 10-12 g/dL and 16-18 g/dL respectively. Although 50.5% anaemic and 51.1% non-anaemic female students showed normal BMI-lower percentage than anaemic (60.7%) and non-anaemic (71.9%) male students, the underweight students were found more anaemic than the overweight and obese subjects. Regular breakfast-taking habit showed significant (p = 0.035, 95% CI 0.5-1.0) influence on IDA compared to non-regular breakfast takers. Consumption of meat, fish, poultry, eggs, or peanut butter regularly; junk food; multivitamins; and iron/iron-rich food showed insignificant (p = 0.097, 95% CI 0.5-1.1; p = 0.053, 95% CI 1.1-2.3; p = 0.148, 95% CI 0.6-1.2; and p = 0.487, 95% CI 0.7-1.4 respectively) role in provoking IDA. In the case of non-anaemic subjects, all of the above parameters were significant, except the junk food consumption (p = 0.342, 95% CI 0.5-1.2). Our study revealed that majority of university students, especially female, were anaemic that might be aggravated by food habit and lack of awareness. The results suggest that anaemia can be prevented by providing proper knowledge on the healthful diet, improved lifestyle, and harmful effect of anaemia to the students.
Metabolic biomarkers, body condition, uterine inflammation and response to superovulation in lactating Holstein cows; The objective was to determine associations between response to superovulation and body condition, subclinical endometritis and circulating metabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, leptin, insulin, IGF1, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha, interleukin (IL) 1 beta, IL6, and urea] in lactating dairy cows. Ten multiparous lactating Holstein cows in each body condition score (1-5; 1 emaciated; 5 obese) category (BCSC) 2.00 to < 2.50 (BCSC1), 2.50 to < 3.00 (BCSC2), 3.00 to <3.50 (BCSC3), 3.50 to <4.00 (BCSC4) and 4.00 to 5.00 (BCSC5) groups (total n = 50) were randomly selected and superovulated, timed artificially inseminated with frozen-thawed semen from three sires and embryos collected (n = 50 collections). At embryo collection, blood samples and embryo recovery fluid were collected for determination of metabolic markers and presence of subclinical endometritis (lavage technique; > 6% PMN). In total, 379 embryos were collected (average of 7.6 embryos per superovulation). Mean numbers of total ova and embryos was greater for cows in BCSC2, BCSC3 and BCSC4 groups compared with cows in BCSC1 and BCSC5 groups (P < 0.01). Total number of transferrable embryos were greater for cows in BCSC 2 and BCSC3 groups compared with cows in BCSC1, BCSC4 and BCSC5 groups (P < 0.01). Mean number of total ova and embryos and of transferrable embryos was higher for cows with 0 or 1-6% PMN compared to cows with >6% PMN (P < 0.01). In addition, there was a quadratic association between blood urea nitrogen concentrations and % transferrable embryos (r(2) = 0.85; P < 0.05) and between BCS and % transferrable embryos (r(2) = 0.73; P < 0.05). Circulating adiponectin, leptin, insulin, IGF1 and TNFa were greater in cows with moderate to good body condition compared to thin or obese cows (P < 0.05). Circulating adiponectin, leptin, IGF1 and insulin were greater in normal cows (<= 6% PMNs), whereas, TNF alpha and IL beta and IL6 were greater in cows with subclinical endometritis (P < 0.05). In conclusion, BCS and subclinical endometrial inflammation were associated with superovulatory response and embryo quality. Further, circulating metabolic biomarkers were associated with superovulatory response and embryo quality, likely due to donor's metabolic status and uterine environment. Optimizing superovulatory responses and embryo quality in lactating dairy cows requires management of nutrition and uterine health. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Optimizing dietary fat in a weight-loss trial requires advice based on a structured "whole-of-diet" model; Dietary trials may link macronutrient intakes to health outcomes, but adherence to dietary targets requires advice based on an understanding of food composition and consumption patterns. Using data from a weight loss trial, we hypothesized that structured advice would be required for significant fat modification to occur. We compared participants' food choice patterns in response to advice based on a structured "whole-of-diet" model vs a general approach to healthy eating. Overweight participants (n = 122) were randomized to 2 advice arms (saturated fat [SFA] < 10% energy [E]): (1) general low fat (LF) control-(a) isoenergy, (b) -2000 kJ; and (2) structured LF high polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) (similar to 10% energy PUFA; PUFA to SFA ratio >= 1) (LF-PUFA)-(a) isoenergy, (b) 2000 kJ. Intakes of E and fat and fat from food groups (percentage of total fat intake) were compared at baseline, 3 months, P < .05. Baseline diets were similar, with most fat from high-SFA foods (59%): meat and milk-based staple meals and high-fat snacks. By 3 months, all groups reduced E and met the SFA target. Polyunsaturated fat targets were met by the LF-PUFA groups only (P < .001), enabling targeted between-group differences. In response to general advice, LF groups simply switched to LF alternatives of the same foods (P < .05). In comparison, LF-PUFA groups shifted fat intake to high-PUFA choices (54%), consuming more fat than controls from nuts (P < .001), whole grains (P < .001), and oils and spreads (P < .05). Significant reductions in E were achieved regardless of advice, but significant shifts in dietary fat profile relied on structured whole-of-diet advice on a range of meal and snack food sources of fat subtypes. Crown Copyright (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effect of an Encapsulated Nutrient Mixture on Food Intake and Satiety: A Double-Blind Randomized Cross-Over Proof of Concept Study; Activation of the intestinal brake by infusing nutrients into the distal small intestine with catheters inhibits food intake and enhances satiety. Encapsulation of macronutrients, which protects against digestion in the proximal gastrointestinal tract, can be a non-invasive alternative to activate this brake. In this study, we investigate the effect of oral ingestion of an encapsulated casein and sucrose mixture (active) targeting the distal small intestine versus a control product designed to be released in the stomach on food intake, satiety, and plasma glucose concentrations. Fifty-nine volunteers received the active and control product on two separate test days. Food intake was determined during an ad libitum meal 90 min after ingestion of the test product. Visual analogue scale scores for satiety and blood samples for glucose analysis were collected at regular intervals. Ingestion of the active product decreased food intake compared to the control product (655 kcal compared with 699 kcal, respectively, p < 0.05). The area under the curve (AUC) for hunger was decreased (p < 0.05) and AUC for satiety was increased (p < 0.01) after ingestion of the active product compared to the control product. Ingestion of an encapsulated protein-carbohydrate mixture resulted in inhibition of food intake compared to a non-encapsulated control product.
Cholecalciferol Plus Calcium Suppresses Abnormal PBMC Reactivity in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis; Context: The active metabolite of vitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D [1,25(OH)(2)D], is a potent modulator of immune cells in vitro.
Blunted nutrient-response pathways in adipose tissue following high fat meals in men with metabolic syndrome: A randomized postprandial transcriptomic study; Background: Excessive adipose tissue is central to disease burden posed by the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). Whilst much is known of the altered transcriptomic regulation of adipose tissue under fasting conditions, little is known of the responses to high-fat meals. Methods: Nineteen middle-aged males (mean ? SD 52.0 ? 4.6 years), consumed two isocaloric high-fat, predominately dairy-based or soy-based, breakfast meals. Abdominal subcutaneous adipose biopsies were collected after overnight fast (0 h) and 4 h following each meal. Global gene expression profiling was performed by microarray (Illumina Human WG-6 v3). Results: In the fasted state, 13 genes were differently expressed between control and MetS adipose tissue ( 0.05). In response to the meals, the control participants had widespread in-creases in genes related to cellular nutrient responses ( 0.05; 2444 & 2367 genes; dairy & soy, respectively). There was blunted response in the MetS group ( 1.2 fold-change, p < 0.05; 332 336 genes; dairy & soy, respectively). Conclusions: In middle-aged males with MetS, a widespread suppression of the subcutaneous adipose tissue nutrient responsive gene expression suggests an inflexibility in the transcriptomic responsiveness both high-fat meals. ? 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
THE EFFECT OF MUESLI OR CORNFLAKES AT BREAKFAST ON CARBOHYDRATE-METABOLISM IN TYPE-2 DIABETIC-PATIENTS; Fourteen overweight insulin-treated type 2 diabetic patients ate a breakfast, consisting of either muesli (slow release starch: SRS) or cornflakes (fast release starch: FRS), in either case with milk (46 g carbohydrate), during two consecutive randomized crossover periods of two weeks. The rest of the diet remained unchanged. At the end of each period the patients underwent a glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast without their usual evening insulin injection. Both mean plasma glucose response curves were identical after the two dietary periods, but plasma insulin was significantly lower at zero (-17%, P < 0.05) and 2 h (-21%, P < 0.05) at the end of the muesli (SRS) period as compared to the cornflakes (FRS) period. The mean day-long plasma glucose level (four measurements) at the end of the muesli period was 21% (P = 0.023) lower than after the cornflakes period. These results show that switching, at breakfast only, from standard cereals to slow release starch cereals improves the carbohydrate metabolism of diabetic patients. In addition, the fact that diabetic patients could reduce their insulin requirement (P < 0.05) with concomitant reduction of their daily blood glucose level implies that sensitivity to insulin was improved by slow release starch foods consumed at breakfast.
<i>Short communication</i>: Effect of manipulating fatty acid profile on gluconeogenic gene expression in bovine primary hepatocytes; During the peripartum period, dairy cows experience both an increase in circulating fatty acid (FA) profile and a change in circulating FA profile, which have been shown to alter regulation of gluconeogenic genes. The objective was to quantify gene expression of key enzymes involved in gluconeogenesis and FA transport into the mitochondria in primary hepatocytes in response to exposure to an FA mixture mimicking what is circulating in a transition dairy cow with or without enrichment of C16:0, C18:0, and C18:1. Primary hepatocytes were isolated from 4 Holstein bull calves 3 d of age (+/- standard deviation 2 d) and cultured. Twenty-four hours after plating, treatments were applied to the cells for 24-h incubation. Treatments consisted of (1) control (1% BSA), (2) 0.75 mM FA cocktail (3% C14:0, 27% C16:0, 23% C18:0, 31% C18:1, 8% C18:2, and 8% C18:3 to mimic the FA profile of dairy cattle at calving), (3) 0.90 mM FA cocktail, (4) 0.75 mM FA cocktail + 0.15 mM C16:0, (5) 0.75 mM FA cocktail + 0.15 mM C18:0, and (6) 0.75 mM FA cocktail + 0.15 mM C18:1. After harvest in Trizol (Life Technologies, Carlsbad, CA), samples were stored at -80 degrees C until RNA extraction, purification, and reverse transcription. Abundance of mRNA was measured using quantitative real-time PCR. Expression of genes of interest [carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A, pyruvate carboxylase, cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PCK1), mitochondrial phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, and glucose-6-phosphatase] was calculated relative to the average abundance of 2 reference genes (ribosomal protein L32 and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase), which were the most stable out of 3 tested. Data were analyzed using PROC MIXED (SAS version 9.4; SAS Institute, Cary, NC) with the fixed effect of treatment and calf in the random statement. The addition of FA compared with the 1% BSA treatment increased the expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A and cytosolic PCK1. Enrichment with individual FA did not further regulate pyruvate carboxylase or PCK1 beyond that achieved by the basal profile. These results suggest that shifts in circulating FA profile within a biological range, without a difference in the total FA concentration, have minimal effects on transcriptional regulation of hepatic gluconeogenic genes in primary bovine hepatocytes.
Effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet, high in animal or plant protein on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese metabolic syndrome patients: A randomized clinical trial; Aims: This study aimed to investigate the effect of replacing plant proteins with animal proteins in the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese metabolic syndrome participants.Methods: In this double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial, 90 obese patients with metabolic syndrome, aged 30-70 years were randomly allocated into the DASH diet based on plant or animal proteins for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected to assess the biochemical markers. Also, blood pressure, weight, and waist circumference (WC) were measured at the beginning and end of the trial.Results: The participants in both groups experienced significant reductions in the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), triglyceride (TG) concentrations, weight and WC. However the reduction in FPG and SBP was higher in the plant-based DASH group, compared to the animal -based DASH group, after adjustment for weight change. No significant changes were found within or between groups with regard to total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C.Conclusions: Substituting plant proteins with animal proteins in the DASH diet improves FPG and SBP in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome, independent of weight change. IRCT registration number: IRCT20090203001640N16.
Lifestyle changes to prevent cardio- and cerebrovascular disease at midlife: A systematic review; Cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases are leading causes of death and morbidity in ageing populations. While numerous cohort studies show inverse associations of presumably healthy lifestyles and cardiovascular risk factors, the causal link to many modifiable behaviors is still insufficiently evidence-based. Because of bias of studies and heterogeneity of results, we performed a systematic review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials and observational studies on lifestyle patterns including nutrition, physical activity, smoking, and weight versus incidence and mortality of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. A search string retrieved 624 references in PubMed covering the last five years. Two researchers screened titles and abstracts independently but with equivalent results. Nineteen references met the inclusion criteria. Results affirm that high adherence to plant-based diets, including components such as fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, low-fat dairy, olive oil, nuts, and low intake of sodium, sweetened beverages, alcohol, and red and processed meats, results in lower risk of vascular outcomes in a dose-dependent manner. Physical activity quantified as walking pace or cardiorespi-ratory fitness yielded an inverse effect on stroke. Health measures such as smoking status, BMI and increase in body weight are associated with substantial risk of the incidence of and mortality from cardio-and cerebro-vascular diseases, while strong adherence to an overall prudent lifestyle lowered the risk of cardiovascular disease by 66 % and that stroke by 60 %. In summary, increasing numbers of and adherence to health behaviors may markedly lower the burden of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. However, future research should focus on randomized controlled trials to test for causal relationships.
Behavioral choice treatment promotes continuing weight loss: Preliminary results of a cognitive-behavioral decision-based treatment for obesity; Twenty-four obese women were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 group treatments: behavioral choice treatment (BCT) or traditional behavioral treatment (TBT). BCT uses decision theory to promote moderate behavior change that can be comfortably, and therefore permanently, maintained. Groups completed a moderate-intensity walking program and obtained feedback from computerized eating dairies. The TBT group evidenced greater weight loss at posttreatment. However, the TBT group also evidenced a trend to regain weight, whereas the BCT group continued a slow weight loss during follow-up. Exercise followed a similar pattern. Both groups decreased in restraint and increased in self-esteem.
Short-term effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-obese subjects; BACKGROUND: The satiating properties of fat remain poorly understood, particularly with reference to its physicochemical characteristics.
Growth performance and body composition of goat kids fed milk replacers with increasing levels of linoleic acid; Twenty, 1-2-day-old goat kids were used in a feeding trial to investigate the effect of linoleic acid (LA) (C18:2n-6) intake on weight gain and carcass composition. Eight animals were selected randomly and killed at the start of the trial to determine initial body composition. The other animals were assigned to the three dietary treatments and were fed milk replacers with varying LA concentrations (low: 5.5%; medium: 11.2% and high: 17.1% LA of total fatty acids) for 5 weeks. There was no systematic effect of LA intake on body composition. The average retentions of fat, protein, ash and energy were 46.3%, 61.2%, 42.2% and 37.4% respectively. Increased intakes of LA caused a significant increase in LA content of the carcass and of the weight gain, whereas there was a simultaneous decrease in fatty acids with 16 carbon atoms or less. The incorporation of LA into carcass was directly related to intake, but the percentage retention of LA remained constant. The data indicate that in goat kids the intake of extra LA raises the amount of LA in carcass but does not affect the total fat content.
A Review of Herbal and Pharmaceutical Galactagogues for Breast-Feeding; Background: Therapeutic approaches to addressing insufficient lactation are available but remain poorly understood. Current trends in maternal health, such as increasing rates of obesity, delayed age at childbearing, and high rates of cesarean section, may be associated with physiological challenges for lactation that cannot be managed by counseling alone. Women who have not had success with counseling alone, including adoptive mothers seeking to induce lactation, may use galactagogues (pharmaceutical and herbal compounds used to increase lactation). We present a review of selected studies of galactagogues and data indicating popular demand for such products.
A randomized controlled clinical trial and preclinical efficacy of an Ayurvedic formulation <i>Arjuna Ksheerapaka Churna</i> for dyslipidemia; Arjuna Ksheerapaka is an Ayurvedic formulation prepared as a milk decoction of the powdered bark of Terminalia arjuna (Roxb.) Wight & Arn. It is clinically used for a variety of cardiovascular conditions. The current study investigated the efficacy of Arjuna Ksheerapaka Churna (AKC) against dyslipidemia using a preclinical model and a randomized, active-controlled clinical trial. Different groups of Sprague Dawley rats were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 7 weeks, followed by 4 weeks of AKC treatment. After that, biochemical and histopathological parameters were studied with rosuvastatin as a reference standard. In the clinical study, 30 patients were randomized in 2 groups ( n = 15/group) and provided with AKC 6 g/day or rosuvastatin 10 mg/day orally for 8 weeks. The body mass index, serum biochemical, and haematological parameters were studied at the baseline (start of the treatment) and endpoint (end of the treatment). In the preclinical experiment, a marked decrease in the serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, and elevated high-density lipoprotein (HDL) was recorded in the AKC-treated groups compared to the vehicle control. AKC administration also decreased the serum aminotransferases level in contrast to the rosuvastatin treatment. The clinical study showed a marked reduction in triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL at the end of AKC treatment compared to the baseline. The effectiveness of AKC on triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL reduction at the endpoint was found to be equipotent to that of rosuvastatin. However, insignificant change was observed in the haematological and other biochemical parameters in both groups at the endpoint compared with the baseline. The preclinical results concluded AKC to be safer in a HFD rat model compared to rosuvastatin as it reduced the elevated serum aminotransferases level. The clinical effectiveness of AKC was found to be equipotent to rosuvastatin. Both, clinical and preclinical studies supported the therapeutic efficacy of AKC in dyslipidemia.
Combination Treatment with Human Adipose Tissue Stem Cell-derived Exosomes and Fractional CO<sub>2</sub> Laser for Acne Scars: A 12-week Prospective, Double-blind, Randomized, Split-face Study; A variety of applications of human adipose tissue stem cell-derived exosomes have been suggested as novel cell-free therapeutic strategies in the regenerative and aesthetic medical fields. This study evaluated the clinical efficacy and safety of adipose tissue stem cell-derived exosomes as an adjuvant therapy after application of fractional CO2 laser for acne scars. A 12-week prospective, double-blind, randomized, split-face trial was performed. A total of 25 patients received three consecutive treatment sessions of fractional CO2 laser to the whole face, with a follow-up evaluation. Post-laser treatment regimens were applied; for each patient, one side of the face was treated with adipose tissue stem cell-derived exosomes gel and the other side was treated with control gel. Adipose tissue stem cell-derived exosomes-treated sides had achieved a significantly greater improvement than the control sides at the final follow-up visit (percentage reduction in echelle d'evaluation clinique des cicatrices d'acne scores: 32.5 vs 19.9%, p < 0.01). Treatment-related erythema was milder, and post-treatment downtime was shorter on the human adipose tissue stem cell-derived exosomes-treated side. In conclusion, the combined use of this novel material with resurfacing devices would provide synergistic effects on both the efficacy and safety of atrophic acne scar treatments.
Randomized, placebo-controlled, calcium supplementation trial in pregnant Gambian women accustomed to a low calcium intake: effects on maternal blood pressure and infant growth; Background: Dietary calcium intake in rural Gambian women is very low (similar to 350 mg/d) compared with international recommendations. Studies have suggested that calcium supplementation of women receiving low-calcium diets significantly reduces risk of pregnancy hypertension.
Flaxseed Oil Augments Plasma Levels of Omentin but not Chemerin and Thromboxane B2 in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: Preliminary Data from a Randomized Controlled Trial; There is evidence that Omega-3 fatty acid attenuates the production of pro-inflammatory markers. This study sought to determine whether flaxseed oil supplementation reduces the production of selected adipocytokines and Thromboxane B2 involved in a pathogenesis coronary artery disease. In this clinical trial, 40 angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease patients were admitted to receive either flaxseed oil (n =19) or placebo (n = 21) for ten consecutive weeks. The intervention group received 5 mL per day of flaxseed oil (containing 2.5 g of alpha-linolenic acid) emulsified in low (1.5%) cow milk while the placebo group received equivalent volume of the milk. The plasma levels of Omentin, Chemerin, and Thromboxane B2 were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The participants were 55.25 +/- 7.25 years old. The supplementation resulted in remarkable increase in plasma levels of Omentin (0.31 vs. 0.07 ng/L, P = 0.023). However, levels of Chemerin and Thromboxane B2 concentration remained unchanged following the intervention (-0.08 vs. 0.04 ng/L, P = 0.827 and -0.15 vs. -0.05 pg/mL, P = 0.167, respectively). The findings suggest that Flaxseed oil is useful as an adjunctive therapy for management of adipose tissue-derived pro-inflammatory markers. This also warrants further studies to explore the underlying mechanisms involved in the anti-inflammatory properties of the supplement.
Dietary milk fat globule membrane supplementation during late gestation increased the growth of neonatal piglets by improving their plasma parameters, intestinal barriers, and fecal microbiota; Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM), mainly comprising protein and fat, has been reported to have multiple biological functions for relieving intestinal inflammation and enhancing growth performance. We hypothesized that MFGM supplementation into sows' diet during late gestation can have a positive impact on the intestinal microecology of sows and their piglets, as well as on the growth of neonates. Therefore, the present study was conducted to investigate such effects and their potential mechanisms. Twenty-two pregnant sows were selected and randomly divided into the CON group (basal diet) and MFGM group (basal diet supplemented with 9.9 g per day MFGM). The feeding period began from d 85 of gestation and until farrowing. The concentrations of albumin (ALB), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in feces of sows from the MFGM group were determined. The concentrations of growth hormone (GH), immunoglobulin A (IgA), glucose (GLU), and NEFA in the umbilical cord blood in the MFGM group were significantly higher than those in the CON group. Piglets from the MFGM group showed improved growth performance, increased villus height in the jejunum, decreased crypt depth in the duodenum and jejunum, upregulated mRNA expressions of tight junctions (namely, Occludin; Claudin-1, Claudin-2, and Claudin-4; zonulin-1 (ZO-1)); mucins such as Mucin 2, Mucin 4, Mucin 13, and Mucin 20; and immune-related genes, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interferon-gamma (INF-gamma), interleukin-22 (IL-22), toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2), and toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). In addition, the abundance of Prevotella in the feces of sows at farrowing and the abundance of Christensenellaceae_R-7_group in the feces of 21 day-old piglets from the MFGM group were significantly higher. Further correlation analysis revealed that the Christensenellaceae_R-7_group was positively correlated with the relative mRNA expressions of Occludin, Claudin-1, Claudin-2, Claudin-4, Mucin 13, TLR2, and TLR4. In conclusion, MFGM supplementation during late gestation improved the physiological status of sows by improving their plasma parameters and intestinal microecology. The improved provision of nutrients through the umbilical cord blood and optimized microbiota colonization in neonatal piglets were beneficial to the intestinal morphological structure and barrier functions, consequently improving the growth performance of neonates during lactation. These findings provide insights into the future applications of MFGM with regard to maternal-fetal nutrition and a new option for nutritional intervention of neonates through maternal dietary manipulation.
The use of novel foods enriched with long-chain n-3 fatty acids to increase dietary intake: A comparison of methodologies assessing nutrient intake; Objective To evaluate the effect of consuming a variety of foods enriched in long-chain n-3 fatty acids in low fish eaters.
Effect of flaxseed oil supplementation on the erythrocyte membrane fatty acid composition and endocannabinoid system modulation in patients with coronary artery disease: a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Background The endocannabinoid system (ECS) overactivation, associated with increased inflammatory process, may act as a risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). Dietary fat may influence the ECS tone. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of flaxseed oil on the erythrocyte membrane fatty acid profile and ECS activity by the measurement of serum N-arachydonoil ethanolamine (AEA) and cannabinoid receptor type-1 (CB1), cannabinoid receptor type-2 (CB2), and fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) mRNA expression. Methods This clinical trial was performed on 44 patients with CAD. The intervention group received 1.5% fat milk supplemented with flaxseed oil (containing 2.5 g alpha-linolenic acid or ALA), while the placebo group received 1.5% fat milk for 10 weeks. The fatty acid profile of erythrocyte membrane phospholipids was measured by gas chromatography. The AEA level was determined using an ELISA kit, and real-time PCR was performed to measure CB1, CB2, and FAAH mRNA expression pre- and post-intervention. Results Flaxseed oil supplementation resulted in a significant increase in the ALA content and a significant reduction in linoleic acid (LA) content of membrane phospholipids, compared to the placebo group (MD = - 0.35 and 2.89, respectively; P < 0.05). The within group analysis showed that flaxseed oil supplementation caused a significant reduction in both LA and arachidonic acid (MD = - 4.84 and - 4.03, respectively; P < 0.05) and an elevation in the ALA (MD = 0.37, P < 0.001) content of membrane phospholipids compared with the baseline. In the intervention group, a marked reduction was observed in the serum AEA level after 10 weeks of intervention, compared with the placebo group (MD = 0.64, P = 0.016). Changes in CB2 mRNA expression in the flaxseed oil group were significant (fold change = 1.30, P = 0.003), compared with the placebo group. Conclusion Flaxseed oil supplementation could attenuate the ECS tone by decreasing the AEA level and increasing CB2 mRNA expression. Therefore, flaxseed oil may be considered a promising agent with cardioprotective properties.
IMPACT OF PROTEIN AND CARNITINE CONSUPTION ON OUTCOMES OF CARE DEVELOPMENT OF FULL-TERM NEWBORNS WITH CRITICAL PERINATAL DISEASES; There were studied results of the impact of increased consumption of proteins and L-carnitine in the nutrition program of full-term newborns with perinatal diseases on the results of physical development and inpatient treatment features. The purpose of the work was to study the correlations between short-term higher consumption of protein and carnitine by full-term newborns and the results of their physical development, the duration of hospital care development. The vital signs of 59 full -term newborns were studied in a randomized controlled trial in the period 2017-2020. The main critical disease of the perinatal period in newborns of both groups was found to be hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy of a moderate degree in 86.7% and 86.2%, without a statistically significant difference. One group (n=30) received nutrition with mother's milk or formula, the second group (n=29) received similar nutrition with fortification with a protein and L-carnitine supplement during the hospital stay. At the beginning and at the end of the treatment, physical development of the newborns was studied and correlations between the obtained data were investigated. Newborns of both groups did not differ in characteristics at the beginning of the study. The proportions of the newborns' weight corresponded to the limits of the 50% percentile. The group with increased consumption of protein and carnitine, fortification group (FG) demonstrated better indicators of physical development, they regained body mass faster. Body mass of the newborns of the fortification group goup was 3966.9 +/- 439.1 g, compared to the standard nutrition (SN) group, with indicators being 3554.6 +/- 452.3 g, at p=0.003. The rate of increase in body length in FG was twice that of the SN group. Consumption of a larger dose of protein was accompanied by a shorter stay in the intensive care unit - 10.0 (8.0; 12.0) days versus 12.0 (11.0; 16.0) days, with U=235.0; p=0.002; earlier discharge from the hospital - 21.0 (19.0; 27.0) days versus 26.5 (22.0; 31.0) days, with U=267.0, p=0.01. Carnitine supplementation in the FG group led to an increase in the level of free carnitine in the blood plasma samples taken before the discharge from the hospital. The study of correlations revealed a positive correlation between the consumption of a full dose of proteins and the total increase in height (R=0.3, p<0.05), the increase in body weight (R=0.3, p<0.05). A negative correlation was found between the protein level and the duration of treatment in the hospital (R= -0.3, p<0.05). The level of free carnitine had a positive effect on the increase in body length (R=0.51, p<0.05), daily weight gain (R=0.3, p<0.05). A poor increase in body length was associated with a longer duration of respiratory support: the correlation had an inverse direction R= -0.4, p<0.05. Improving nutritional strategies has significant prospects for improving care development of full-term babies with critical perinatal states.
Diurnal feeding in young rats fed saturated fatty acid-rich diet; This study investigated eating pattern in weaning female Sprague-Dawley rats fed high-fat diets of varying fatty acid composition. Rats were randomly assigned to canola- or butter-based diets, and their eating pattern and body weight were assessed at early exposure (P1) and following 3 weeks (P2). In P2, a lower 24-h intake, smaller meal size, and shorter nocturnal meal duration were found in both dietary groups. In both groups, 24-h intakes were comparable throughout the experiment; however, butter-fed rats gained more weight. With canola feeding, P1 nocturnal intake was greater than diurnal intake, but intakes were comparable in P2. Butter-fed rats had similar diurnal and nocturnal intakes in P1; in P2, diurnal was greater than nocturnal intake. Canola-fed rats had similar diurnal and nocturnal meal size and eating rate, whereas butter-fed rats ate larger meals at a higher rate in the light than in the dark phase. The present work brings new knowledge about exposure to high-fat diets early in life and later development of obesity.
Randomised controlled trial of vitamin E in patients with coronary disease: Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study (CHAOS); Background Vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol) is thought to have a role in prevention of atherosclerosis, through inhibition of oxidation of low-density lipoprotein. Some epidemiological studies have shown an association between high dietary intake or high serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and lower rates of ischaemic heart disease. We tested the hypothesis that treatment with a high dose of alpha-tocopherol would reduce subsequent risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and cardiovascular death in patients with established ischaemic heart disease,
Perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin for cesarean prophylaxis; OBJECTIVE: Postpartum infections are polymicrobial and typically include Ureaplasma, an intracellular microbe that is treated by macrolides such as azithromycin. The aim of this study was to evaluate the perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin after a single preincision dose before cesarean delivery.
INFLUENCE OF TRENBOLONE ACETATE COMBINED WITH ESTRADIOL-17-BETA ON GROWTH-PERFORMANCE, BODY CHARACTERISTICS, AND CHEMICAL-COMPOSITION OF GOAT KIDS FED MILK AND SLAUGHTERED AT DIFFERENT AGES; The effects of anabolic agents (5 mg of estradiol-17beta + 30 mg of trenbolone acetate) on body characteristics and chemical composition of gain were studied in 58 intact male goat kids fed milk replacer. Four kids were slaughtered at 7 d of age to constitute the initial group. The other kids were allotted in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement with slaughter age (41, 49, and 56 d of age) and treatment (control and implanted at 21 d old) as factors. Energy intake decreased during the first 4 wk after treatment; implanted kids had the same ADG as controls but a better energy efficiency (P < .05). During the last week of the trial, energy intake was the same; treated kids tended (P < .10) to have a higher empty body gain (EBG). Anabolic agents increased carcass (P < .10) and hide proportions (P < .01) in empty BW and in EBG for all groups (except for carcass at 56 d old). Anabolic agents reduced the contribution of adipose tissues (P < .05), empty digestive tract (P < .05), and other organs (P < .01) to EBG. At all slaughter ages, the chemical composition of carcass and hide wet tissues, all dissectible adipose tissues, and EBG were altered by treatment. In these tissues (except for mesenteric fat tissue), water content increased and lipid content decreased (P < .05), but these effects diminished with age. Expressed on a DM basis, the CP content of the treated carcasses was increased in all groups (P < .05). Implanting high doses of steroids altered nutrient partitioning, which reduced fat and increased water and protein in the body.
Atkins and other low-carbohydrate diets: hoax or an effective tool for weight loss?; Context The Atkins diet books have sold more than 45 million copies over 40 years, and in the obesity epidemic this diet and accompanying Atkins food products are popular. The diet claims to be effective at producing weight loss despite ad-libitum consumption of fatty meat, butter, and other high-fat dairy products, restricting only the intake of carbohydrates to under 30 g a day. Low-carbohydrate diets have been regarded as fad diets, but recent research questions this view.
Predictors of breastfeeding cessation among HIV-infected women in Dar es Salaam,Tanzania; This paper examines predictors of breastfeeding cessation among a cohort of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected women. This was a prospective follow-up study of HIV-infected women who participated in a randomized micronutrient supplementation trial conducted in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. 795 HIV-infected Tanzanian women with singleton newborns were utilized from the cohort for this analysis. The proportion of women breastfeeding declined from 95% at 12 months to 11% at 24 months. The multivariate analysis showed breastfeeding cessation was significantly associated with increasing calendar year of delivery from 1995 to 1997 [risk ratio (RR), 1.36; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.13-1.63], having a new pregnancy (RR 1.33; 95% CI 1.10-1.61), overweight [body mass index (BMI) >= 25 kg m(-2); RR 1.37; 95% CI 1.07-1.75], underweight (BMI <18.5 kg m(-2); RR 1.29; 95% CI 1.00-1.65), introduction of cow's milk at infant's age of 4 months (RR 1.30; 95% CI 1.04-1.63). Material and social support was associated with decreased likelihood of cessation (RR 0.83; 95% CI 0.68-1.02). Demographic, health and nutritional factors among women and infants are associated with decisions by HIV-infected women to cease breastfeeding. The impact of breastfeeding counselling programs for HIV-infected African women should consider individual maternal, social and health contexts.
Predicting nationwide obesity from food sales using machine learning; The obesity epidemic progresses everywhere across the globe, and implementing frequent nationwide surveys to measure the percentage of obese population is costly. Conversely, country-level food sales information can be accessed inexpensively through different suppliers on a regular basis. This study applies a methodology to predict obesity prevalence at the country-level based on national sales of a small subset of food and beverage categories. Three machine learning algorithms for nonlinear regression were implemented using purchase and obesity prevalence data from 79 countries: support vector machines, random forests and extreme gradient boosting. The proposed method was validated in terms of both the absolute prediction error and the proportion of countries for which the obesity prevalence was predicted satisfactorily. We found that the most-relevant food category to predict obesity is baked goods and flours, followed by cheese and carbonated drinks.
Diets rich in conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid have no effect on blood pressure and isobaric arterial elasticity in healthy young men; The objective of this study was to examine the effect on blood pressure (BP) and isobaric arterial elasticity (AE), as a measure of arterial health, of a commercial mixture of conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) and of milk fat produced through livestock feeding to have a high content of vaccenic acid (VA). Healthy young men (n = 60) with a BMI of 22.5 +/- 2 kg/m(2) (mean +/- SD) participated in this double-blind, randomized, 5-wk, parallel intervention study. The participants substituted 115 g of their daily fat intake with fat from 1 of 3 test diets: 1) CLA-diet rich in CLA (4.7 g/d of c9, t11- and t10, c12-CLA isomers in equal amounts); 2) VA-diet rich in VA (3.6 g/d); or 3) C-diet, a control diet with a low content of VA and CLA. All test diets were based on milk fat. BP and AE (measured by an oscillometric method) were measured before and after the intervention period. The effects of the test diets did not differ on any outcome variable: e.g., systolic- and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP), pulse pressure (PP), isobaric arterial compliance (AC), distensibility (AD), or volume (AV). In conclusion, diets rich in milk fat and either CLA or VA have no effect on BP or AE indices in healthy young men compared with a control diet.
Use of MyPyramid Menu Planner for Moms in a Weight-Loss Intervention during Lactation; The Internet offers a valuable resource for promotion of healthy eating and Web-based communication between the dietetics practitioner and client. In a 16-week intervention examining the effects of energy restriction (500 kcal/day) and exercise on body composition in overweight/obese lactating women, MyPyramid Menu Planner for Moms was used to support dietary counseling. Random assignment occurred at 4 weeks postpartum to either an Intervention group (n=14) or Minimal Care group (n=13) from 2008 through 2010. Three 24-hour dietary recalls were obtained using the Nutrition Data System at 4 and 20 weeks postpartum. Individual MyPyramid Menu Planner accounts were created for the Intervention group and used in face-to-face dietary counseling. Repeated measures analysis of variance was used to test for differences between groups for change in dietary intake and weight. Changes in energy, saturated fat, and percent of energy from added sugars were significantly different between Intervention group and Minimal Care group (-613 [521] kcal vs - 171[435] kcal; P=0.03; -14.9 [14.0] g vs +0.9 [13.4] g; P<0.01; and -3.5% [5.3%] vs +2.2% [4.8%]; P<0.01, respectively). The Intervention group significantly increased their whole fruit servings and decreased their total grain and milk servings compared with the Minimal Care group (P<0.05). The Intervention group lost significantly more weight (-5.8 [3.5] kg) than the Minimal Care group (-1.6 [5.4] kg) (P=0.03). Although participants must have access to an Internet-based computer and possess basic food knowledge, these results suggest MyPyramid Menu Planner might prove to be an effective dietary counseling support tool for improving dietary intake and promoting weight loss during lactation. J Acad Nut e Diet. 2012;112:553-558.
Umbilical Cord Management at Term and Late Preterm Birth: A Meta-analysis; CONTEXT: The International Liaison Committee on Resuscitation prioritized scientific review of umbilical cord management at term and late preterm birth.
Effect of whey protein supplementation on long and short term appetite: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Specific components of dairy, such as whey proteins may have beneficial effects on body composition by suppressing appetite, although the findings of existing studies have been inconsistent. Therefore, a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was performed to investigate effect of whey protein supplementation on long and short term appetite. A systematic search was conducted to identify eligible publications. Means and SDs for hunger, fullness, satiety, desire to eat and prospective consumption of food, before and after intervention, were extracted and then composite appetite score (CAS) calculated. To pool data, either a fixed-effects model or a random-effects model and for assessing heterogeneity, Cochran's Q and I-2 tests were used. Eight publications met inclusion criteria that 5 records were on short term and 3 records on long term appetite. The meta-analysis showed a significant reduction in long term appetite by 4.13 mm in combined appetite score (CAS) (95% Confidence interval (CI): -6.57, -1.96; p = 0.001). No significant reduction in short term appetite was also seen (Mean difference (MD) = -0.39 95% CI = -2.07, 1.30; p = 0.653). Subgroup analyses by time showed that compared with carbohydrate, the reduction in appetite following consumption of whey consumption was not significant (MD = -0.39, 95% CI = -2.07,1.3, p = 0.65, I-2 = 0.0%.)A significant reduction in prospective food consumption was seen (MD = -2.17, 95% CI = -3.86, -0.48). The results of our meta-analysis showed that whey protein may reduce the long and short term appetite, but our finding did not show any significant difference in appetite reduction between whey protein and carbohydrate in short duration. (C) 2017 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Associations between leptin gene polymorphisms and production, live weight, energy balance, feed intake, and fertility in Holstein heifers; Leptin is a 16-kDa protein synthesized by adipose tissue and is involved in regulation of feed intake, energy balance, fertility, and immune functions. Since evidence of a genetic correlation between start of luteal activity and energy balance, milk yield, and live weights is present, we investigated the association of genetic differences in the bovine leptin gene with these traits. Between 1990 and 1997, a total of 613 Holstein-Friesian heifers of two genetic groups with known pedigree were followed from parturition until d 105 of lactation. During the first 15 wk of lactation live weight, feed intake, and milk yield were measured for 565 cows. The start of luteal activity was set at the first day with a progesterone concentration higher than 3 ng/ml. In addition to the interval between calving and start of luteal activity, analyses were performed for average milk yield, percentage fat, protein, and lactose in milk, dry matter intake, feed intake, energy balance, and live weight over the first 15 wk of lactation. All 613 cows were genotyped for two restricted fragment length polymorphisms and for the BM1500 microsatellite, all located at the leptin gene locus. Significances of the genotype effects were estimated using the approximated F-statistic provided by ASREML. Fixed effects were year-season, genetic group, and a quadratic polynomial for age at calving. Animal was fitted as a random effect including the additive relationship between animals to account for background genes. Firstly, each genotype effect was fitted in turn, and secondly the other restriction fragment length polymorphisms were fitted as a cofactor to take into account effects of linkage disequilibrium. Thirdly, sire x genotype interaction was investigated.
Geographic and socioeconomic diversity of food and nutrient intakes: a comparison of four European countries; PurposePublic health policies and actions increasingly acknowledge the climate burden of food consumption. The aim of this study is to describe dietary intakes across four European countries, as baseline for further research towards healthier and environmentally-friendlier diets for Europe.MethodsIndividual-level dietary intake data in adults were obtained from nationally-representative surveys from Denmark and France using a 7-day diet record, Italy using a 3-day diet record, and Czech Republic using two replicates of a 24-h recall. Energy-standardised food and nutrient intakes were calculated for each subject from the mean of two randomly selected days.ResultsThere was clear geographical variability, with a between-country range for mean fruit intake from 118 to 199g/day, for vegetables from 95 to 239g/day, for fish from 12 to 45g/day, for dairy from 129 to 302g/day, for sweet beverages from 48 to 224ml/day, and for alcohol from 8 to 15g/day, with higher intakes in Italy for fruit, vegetables and fish, and in Denmark for dairy, sweet beverages and alcohol. In all countries, intakes were low for legumes (<20g/day), and nuts and seeds (<5g/day), but high for red and processed meat (>80g/day). Within countries, food intakes also varied by socio-economic factors such as age, gender, and educational level, but less pronounced by anthropometric factors such as overweight status. For nutrients, intakes were low for dietary fibre (15.8-19.4g/day) and vitamin D (2.4-3.0 mu g/day) in all countries, for potassium (2288-2938mg/day) and magnesium (268-285mg/day) except in Denmark, for vitamin E in Denmark (6.7mg/day), and for folate in Czech Republic (212 mu g/day).ConclusionsThere is considerable variation in food and nutrient intakes across Europe, not only between, but also within countries. Individual-level dietary data provide insight into the heterogeneity of dietary habits beyond per capita food supply data, and this is crucial to balancing healthy and environmentally-friendly diets for European citizens.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> BNR17 on irritable bowel syndrome: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-finding trial; Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a strain isolated from human breast milk. The objective of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and preliminary dose-finding trial was to find the effective dose and evaluate the effect of Lb. gasseri BNR17 on irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) symptoms. A total of 55 volunteers aged over 20 years with body mass index over 23 kg/m(2) were randomized to intake a placebo, low-dose (BNR-L, 2 x 10(8) CFU/day), intermediate-dose (BNR-M, 2 x 10(9) CFU/day), or high-dose BNR (BNR-H, 2 x 5 x 10(9) CFU/day) for four weeks. Questionnaire for IBS symptoms scores and Lb. gasseri BNR17 in feces were assessed at the beginning and end of the trial. Among IBS symptoms scores, abdominal pain score was significantly reduced in BNR-H group. Lb. gasseri BNR17 was detected in all intake groups except placebo. In the preliminary study, Lb. gasseri BNR17 was confirmed to have probiotic properties.
Evening ready-to-eat cereal consumption contributes to weight management; Objectives: Post dinner snacking may constitute a significant proportion of total daily energy intake and contribute to overweight and obesity in some individuals (night snackers). This study tested the hypothesis that providing a structured snack in the form of a "ready-to-eat" breakfast cereal would help regulate excess energy intake and contribute to weight loss in night snackers.
Green tea catechin plus caffeine supplementation to a high-protein diet has no additional effect on body weight maintenance after weight loss; Background: Green tea (epigallocatechin gallate + caffeine) and protein each were shown to improve body weight maintenance after weight loss.
The effect of calcium supplement intake on lipid profile: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Despite the potential role of dietary calcium in fat excretion, the favorable effects of calcium supplements on lipid profile remains inconclusive. The current study aimed to review the effect of calcium supplement intake on lipid profile in randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs). This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and Central. RCTs which assessed the effects of calcium supplementation on lipid profile were included. All outcomes were recorded as continuous variables, and the effect size was measured. We classified studies according to dose of supplement, study duration, and dyslipidemia. Calcium supplement intake was associated with a significant reduction in low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level (WMD:-0.08; 95%CI:-0.16,-0.01)(mmol/l), especially with intakes of at least 1000 mg/day (WMD:-0.13; 95%CI:-0.23,-0.03)(mmol/l), with intakes of at least 12 weeks (WMD:-0.08; 95%CI: -0.16,-0.00)(mmol/l), and in individuals without dyslipidemia (WMD:-0.15; 95%CI:-0.26,-0.04)(mmol/l). Also, in another subgroup analysis, consumption of less than 1000 mg/day calcium supplement caused a significant increase in Total Cholesterol (TC) level (WMD: 0.24; 95%CI: 0.05,0.42) (mmol/l). In other blood lipids or study subgroups we observed no significant effect. We concluded that calcium supplements had a favorable effect on LDL-C level, especially in individuals without dyslipidemia, higher calcium intakes, and longer period of consumption.
Intakes of whey protein hydrolysate and whole whey proteins are discriminated by LC-MS metabolomics; Whey protein improves fasting lipids and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals. Whey hydrolysate was recently shown to be more active than whole protein but the differences in metabolite profiles after intake remain unknown. This study discriminates plasma profiles after intake of four different whey protein fractions and establishes new hypotheses for the observed effects. Obese, non-diabetic subjects were included in the randomized, blinded, cross-over meal study. Subjects ingested a high-fat meal containing whey isolate (WI), whey concentrate hydrolysate (WH), alpha-lactalbumin or caseinoglycomacropeptide as the protein source. Plasma samples were collected at five time points and metabolites analysed using LC-Q-TOF-MS. Plasma concentrations of ten amino acids (AAs) were different between the meals. The plasma levels of AAs and AA derivatives were generally directly related to the AA composition of the meals. Highly elevated plasma levels of a number of cyclic dipeptides and other AA metabolites were found following intake of the WH meal and these metabolites are primary candidates to explain the superior insulinotropic effect of WH. The manufacturing process of WH caused oxidization of methionine to methionine sulfoxide which in turn caused in vivo generation of N-phenylacetyl-methionine and N-phenylacetyl-methionine sulfoxide. These two compounds have not previously been described in biological systems.
Correlates of Prenatal Diet Quality in Low-Income Hispanic Women; Background Low-income Hispanic women are at-risk of poor prenatal diet quality. Correlates associated with prenatal diet quality in this group of women are understudied.
Effect of whey protein supplementation on weight and body composition indicators: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background & aim: Whey protein (WP) is one of the well-known dairy driven products to help people to change their weight and body composition (BC). This study aimed to investigate the effect of WP on weight and BC on every published RCT on all populations.
Anti-obesity properties of the strain <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> subsp <i>lactis</i> CECT 8145 in Zucker fatty rats; We evaluated the effect of oral administration of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 strain in Zucker fatty rats. The Zucker fatty rats were randomly divided into two groups (n=10 each) and administered either B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 (1010 cfu/day) suspended in skim milk, or skim milk alone (control group). Each treatment was administered in drinking bottles from week 5 until week 17 of age. A lean Zucker rat group (standard group) was included to provide normal values for the Zucker strain. This group was administered skim milk in the drinking bottle for the same experimental period as Zucker fatty rats. Body weight gain was greater in the fatty control group than in the fatty rats treated daily with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. Furthermore, dry and liquid food intake significantly decreased in the treated Zucker fatty group and these rats also showed decreased plasma ghrelin levels as compared with the Zucker fatty control group. B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 intake also decreased plasma tumour necrosis factor-a (a proinflammatory cytokine) and plasma malondialdehyde (a biomarker of oxidative stress). Moreover, the ratio plasma total cholesterol/plasma cholesterol transported by high-density lipoproteins, considered as an index for cardiovascular disease, also significantly decreased in the Zucker fatty rats treated with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. By contrast, this bacterial strain significantly increased plasma adiponectin (an insulin-sensitising adipokine), but did not produce significant effects on triglyceride levels or glucose metabolism biomarkers. Although further research is required to confirm B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 is an efficient anti-obesity treatment in humans, the results obtained in this study are promising and point to the health and anti-obesity properties of this bacterial strain.
Blood pressure change with weight loss is affected by diet type in men; Background: Weight loss reduces blood pressure, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has also been shown to lower blood pressure.
TRENDS IN FOOD CONSUMPTION OF UNIVERSITY STUDENTS; The university students need to consolidate good dietary habits based on an adequate selection of food, which is a factor of fundamental importance to maintain good health and prevent disease.
The impact of the speed of food intake on gastroesophageal reflux events in obese female patients; Obesity increases the risk of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). The majority of the reflux attacks occur postprandially. The influence of the speed of food intake on gastroesophageal reflux events is unclear in obese patients. To determine the influence of the speed of food intake on intraesophageal reflux events in obese patients with and without GERD. A total of 26 obese female patients were recruited. The patients underwent esophageal manometry to evaluate the upper limit of the lower esophageal sphincter and subsequently placement of a Multichannel intraluminal impedance-pH (MII-pH) catheter. All patients were asked to eat the same standard meal (double cheeseburger, 1 banana, 100 g yogurt and 200 mL water; total energy value, 744 kcal; 37.6% carbohydrates, 21.2% proteins and 41.2% lipids) within 5 or 30 minutes under observation in a random order on two consecutive days. All reflux episodes over a 3-hour postprandial period were manually analyzed and compared. The mean age was 46 +/- 12 (18-66) years. The mean body mass index (BMI) was 39.9 +/- 8.4 kg/m(2). There was no difference between the fast- and slow-eating group in the number of refluxes within the 3-postprandial hours. The patients were divided into 2 groups according to the 24-hour MII-pH monitoring results, that is, 16 subjects with normal MII-pH monitoring and 10 patients with pathologic MII-pH monitoring. There was no effect of the speed of food intake in either the patients with or without GERD. In contrast to the general belief, this study suggested that the speed of food intake does not influence the number of refluxes in obese female patients with or without GERD.
Gut mucosal and adipose tissues as health targets of the immunomodulatory mechanisms of probiotics; Background: Immune balance and homeostasis at mucosal surfaces is a delicate process which could be modulated within the gut by introduced or resident probiotics. Consumption of probiotics is meant to augment the normal intestinal probiotic microbes in a commensal or symbiotic relationship via cellular and humoral immunomodulation, tissue-mediated resistance of pathogenic colonization, improvement of mucosal barrier integrity, and interaction with microbiota.
Effect of calcium intake on fat oxidation in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Calcium intake is likely to increase body fat loss during energy restriction. Part of this effect may be explained by increased fat oxidation in the presence of a similar energy balance, yet studies have not provided a conclusive answer. Therefore a meta-analysis was performed to determine whether chronic or acute high calcium intake increases fat oxidation. Randomized controlled trials of high calcium intake in human adults where measures of fat oxidation were taken were included. A random-effects meta-analysis was performed on outcomes expressed as standardized mean differences. Chronic high calcium intake increased fat oxidation by a standardized mean difference of 0.42 (95% confidence intervals: 0.14, 0.69; P = 0.003; estimated to correspond to an 11% increase), displaying low heterogeneity (I2 = 18%), which was more prominent when habitual calcium intake was low (<700 mg d-1). Acute high calcium intake increased fat oxidation by a standardized mean difference of 0.41 (0.04, 0.77; P = 0.03), with low heterogeneity (I2 = 19%), yet sensitivity analysis revealed that this effect was relatively weak. In conclusion, chronic high calcium intake is likely to increase rates of fat oxidation. The effects of acute high calcium intake appear to point in the same direction, but further work is needed to permit a greater degree of certainty.
Lactotripeptide ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults; The age-related decrease in cerebral blood flow velocity increases the risk of cerebrovascular disease. Milk protein-derived bioactive peptides, e.g., lactotripeptide (LTP), have been shown to inhibit angiotensin converting enzyme activities and increase vasodilator production. We hypothesized that LTP ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults. In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind design, 15 healthy middle-aged and older adults were assigned to either a LTP group or a placebo group. The subjects ingested LTP or placebo orally for 8 weeks. Before and after intervention, middle cerebral blood flow velocity was measured using transcranial Doppler ultrasonography. The baseline middle cerebral blood flow velocity and most other key dependent variables did not differ between the groups. LTP ingestion significantly increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity, but there was no such improvement in the placebo groups. We concluded that 8 weeks of LTP ingestion increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes in food habits and motivation for healthy eating among Pakistani women living in Norway: results from the InnvaDiab-DEPLAN study; Objective: Pakistani women in Oslo have high risk of overweight and type 2 diabetes. The objective is to present the effect of an intervention study on Pakistani women's intentions to change dietary behaviour and changes made in dietary intake.
Ca:Mg ratio, medium-chain fatty acids, and the gut microbiome; Background & aims: Ketogenic medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) with profound health benefits are commonly found in dairy products, palm kernel oil and coconut oil. We hypothesize that magnesium (Mg) supplementation leads to enhanced gut microbial production of MCFAs and, in turn, increased circulating MCFAs levels. Methods: We tested this hypothesis in the Personalized Prevention of Colorectal Cancer Trial (PPCCT) (NCT01105169), a double-blind 2 X 2 factorial randomized controlled trial enrolling 240 participants. Six 24-h dietary recalls were performed for all participants at the baseline and during the intervention period. Based on the baseline 24-h dietary recalls, the Mg treatment used a personalized dose of Mg supplementation that would reduce the calcium (Ca): Mg intake ratio to around 2.3. We measured plasma MCFAs, sugars, ketone bodies and tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA cycle) metabolites using the Metabolon's global Precision Metabolomics (TM) LC-MS platform. Whole-genome shotgun metagenomics (WGS) sequencing was performed to assess microbiota in stool samples, rectal swabs, and rectal biopsies. Results: Personalized Mg treatment (mean dose 205.58 mg/day with a range from 77.25 to 389.55 mg/ day) significantly increased the plasma levels of C7:0, C8:0, and combined C7:0 and C8:0 by 18.45%, 25.28%, and 24.20%, respectively, compared to 14.15%, 10.12%, and 12.62% decreases in the placebo arm. The effects remain significant after adjusting for age, sex, race and baseline level (P = 0.0126, P = 0.0162, and P = 0.0031, respectively) and FDR correction at 0.05 (q = 0.0324 for both C7:0 and C8:0). Mg treatment significantly reduced the plasma level of sucrose compared to the placebo arm (P = 0.0036 for multivariable-adjusted and P = 0.0216 for additional FDR correction model) whereas alterations in daily intakes of sucrose, fructose, glucose, maltose and C8:0 from baseline to the end of trial did not differ between two arms. Mediation analysis showed that combined C7:0 and C8:0 partially mediated the effects of Mg treatment on total and individual ketone bodies (P for indirect effect = 0.0045, 0.0043, and 0.03, respectively). The changes in plasma levels of C7:0 and C8:0 were significantly and positively correlated with the alterations in stool microbiome a diversity (r = 0.51, p = 0.0023 and r = 0.34, p = 0.0497, respectively) as well as in stool abundance for the signatures of MCFAs-related microbiota with acyl-ACP thioesterase gene producing C7:0 (r = 0.46, p = 0.0067) and C8:0 (r = 0.49, p = 0.003), respectively, following Mg treatment. Conclusions: Optimizing Ca:Mg intake ratios to around 2.3 through 12-week personalized Mg supplementation leads to increased circulating levels of MCFAs (i.e. C7:0 and C8:0), which is attributed to enhanced production from gut microbial fermentation and, maybe, sucrose consumption. (c) 2022 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
INTAKE OF LOW-FAT FOODS IN A REPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE OF THE PARIS AREA - ANTHROPOMETRIC, NUTRITIONAL AND SOCIODEMOGRAPHIC CORRELATES; This epidemiological study compared consumers and non-consumers of several 'low-fat' foods typical of the French diet: skimmed milk, 'low-fat' butter, 'low-fat' cheese,'low-fat' yogurt. The population was selected at random from the Val de Marne, a district close to Paris, A sample of 741 people, aged 18-65 years (416 women, 325 men) agreed to report habitual intake according to the Dietary History Method. Many anthropometric differences appeared between female consumers and non-consumers of 'low-fat' foods. Consumers were slightly older and heavier as measured by the Body Mass Index (weight/height(2)) and had greater waist, hip and thigh circumference values. Women consumers ate less in terms of daily energy and various food choices: potatoes, pasta, rice, sugar. Intake differences were most apparent in the groups of younger women (18-29 years). The Vitamin and mineral density of the diet was greater in women consumers. Male consumers of 'low-fat' foods ingested less alcohol regardless of age, but they ate more chocolate, jam and honey. The vitamin and mineral density of their diet was also greater. The majority of men ate enough to meet recommended nutrient allowances. This was often not the case in women, and improving the nutritional density of their diet might yield long-term benefits.
Effect of lactic acid fermented foods on glycemic control in diabetic adults: a systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) fermented foods are reported to have potential in managing glycemic control. This systematic review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of LAB-fermented foods on improving glycemic control in adults with prediabetics or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on LAB fermentation-related foods were searched on PubMed, Cochrane, Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), and Web of Science. Sixteen RCTs were included, and the results concluded LAB-fermented food had significant effects in HbA1c (Z = 6.24, MD = -0.05, CI: -0.07 to -0.04, p <= 0.00001), fasting plasma glucose (Z = 2.50, MD = -0.16, CI: -0.29 to -0.04, p = 0.01) and fasting serum insulin (Z = 2.51, MD = -0.20, CI: -0.35 to -0.04, p = 0.01). There were significant effects on lipid profile, inflammatory markers, and body mass index in secondary analyses. Subgroup analysis suggests LAB-fermented consumption with a longer duration, younger age group and adults with T2DM, had a larger effect size. Clinicians could offer LAB-fermented food as dietary recommendations for prediabetic and diabetic adults. Larger trials are warranted to verify LAB-fermented food benefits on glycemic control. Systematic Review Registration: PROSPERO Registration No. CRD42022295220
Can soy intake affect serum uric acid level? Pooled analysis from two 6-month randomized controlled trials among Chinese postmenopausal women with prediabetes or prehypertension; Purpose Hyperuricemia is a recognized risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Soy foods contain a moderate amount of purine and may predispose to raised serum uric acid (UA). However, no study has examined the long-term effect of soy intake on UA levels. We examined whether consumption of soy foods and isoflavone extracts for 6 months altered serum UA.
The Effect of Weaning with Adult Food Typical of the Mediterranean Diet on Taste Development and Eating Habits of Children: A Randomized Trial; Mediterranean Diet (Med Diet) is one of the healthiest dietary patterns. We aimed to verify the effects of weaning (i.e., the introduction of solid foods in infants previously fed only with milk) using adult foods typical of Med Diet on children eating habits, and on the microbiota composition. A randomized controlled clinical trial on 394 healthy infants randomized in a 1:1 ratio in a Med Diet group weaned with fresh; seasonal and tasty foods of Med Diet and control group predominantly weaned with industrial baby foods. The primary end point was the percentage of children showing a good adherence to Med Diet at 36 months. Secondary end points were mother's changes in adherence to Med Diet and differences in children gut microbiota. At 36 months, children showing a good adherence to Med Diet were 59.3% in the Med Diet group and 34.3% in the control group (p < 0.001). An increase in adherence to the Med Diet was observed in the mothers of the Med Diet group children (p < 0.001). At 4 years of age children in the Med Diet group had a higher gut microbial diversity and a higher abundance of beneficial taxa. A Mediterranean weaning with adult food may become a strategy for early nutritional education, to develop a healthy microbiota, to prevent inflammatory chronic diseases and to ameliorate eating habits in children and their families.
Consumption of Low-Calorie Sweeteners among Children and Adults in the United States; Background Consumption of low-calorie sweeteners (LCSs) has increased markedly during the past several decades, yet the prevalence of LCS consumption in recent years is currently unknown.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on oral glucose tolerance in individuals with low vitamin D status and increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes (EVIDENCE): A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Aims: Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin-D (25(OH)D) concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, beta-cell dysfunction and type 2 diabetes. We conducted a 24-week double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to examine the effect of 28 000 IU of vitamin D-3 once weekly on plasma glucose after a 2 hour-75 g oral glucose tolerance test (2hrPC glucose), insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function.
Healing Properties of Epidermal Growth Factor and Tocotrienol-Rich Fraction in Deep Partial-Thickness Experimental Burn Wounds; Background: An experimental study was undertaken to determine the efficacy of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) with tocotrienol-rich fraction (TRF) cream in the wound-healing process on skin with deep partial-thickness burn in rats. Methods: A total of 180 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into six groups of six each and were: untreated control, treated with Silverdin(R) cream, base cream, base cream with c% EGF, base cream with 3% TRF or base cream with c% EGF and 3% TRF, respectively. Creams were applied once daily for 21 consecutive days. Six animals from each group were sacrificed using anaesthetic overdose on the third, seventh, 11th, 14th and 21st day post-burn. Skin tissues with the wound to be examined were excised for macroscopic and microscopic evaluation and biochemical analyses. Results: EGF + TRF formulation decreased the number of neutrophils, lymphocytes and myofibroblasts post-burn. However, no effects on the number of adipose cells in the healing process were recorded. In addition, lipid peroxidation and nitrite production were found to be reduced post-burn, reducing oxidative stress. Conclusions: Results of the present study indicate that the addition of EGF with TRF have ameliorating effects on deep-partial thickness burn healing parameters.
<i>Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus</i> FM9 and <i>Limosilactobacillus fermentum</i> Y57 Are as Effective as Statins at Improving Blood Lipid Profile in High Cholesterol, High-Fat Diet Model in Male Wistar Rats; Elevated serum cholesterol is a major risk factor for coronary heart diseases. Some Lactobacillus strains with cholesterol-lowering potential have been isolated from artisanal food products. The purpose of this study was to isolate probiotic Lactobacillus strains from traditional yoghurt (dahi) and yogurt milk (lassi) and investigate the impact of these strains on the blood lipid profile and anti-obesity effect in a high cholesterol high fat diet model in Wistar rats. Eight candidate probiotic strains were chosen based on in vitro probiotic features and cholesterol reduction ability. By 16S rDNA sequencing, these strains were identified as Limosilactibacillus fermentum FM6, L. fermentum FM16, L. fermentum FM12, Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus FM9, L. fermentum Y55, L. fermentum Y57, L. rhamnosus Y59, and L. fermentum Y63. The safety of these strains was investigated by feeding 2 x 10(8) CFU/mL in saline water for 28 days in a Wistar rat model. No bacterial translocation or any other adverse effects were observed in animals after administration of strains in water, which indicates the safety of strains. The cholesterol-lowering profile of these probiotics was evaluated in male Wistar rats using a high-fat, high-cholesterol diet (HFCD) model. For 30 days, animals were fed probiotic strains in water with 2 x 10(8) CFU/mL/rat/day, in addition to a high fat, high cholesterol diet. The cholesterol-lowering effects of various probiotic strains were compared to those of statin. All strains showed improvement in total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides, and weight gain. Serum cholesterol levels were reduced by 9% and 8% for L. rhamnosus FM9 and L. fermentum Y57, respectively, compared to 5% for the statin-treated group. HDL levels significantly improved by 46 and 44% for L. rhamnosus FM9 and L. fermentum Y57, respectively, compared to 46% for the statin-treated group. Compared to the statin-treated group, FM9 and Y57 significantly reduced LDL levels by almost twofold. These findings show that these strains can improve blood lipid profiles as effectively as statins in male Wistar rats. Furthermore, probiotic-fed groups helped weight control in animals on HFCD, indicating the possible anti-obesity potential of these strains. These strains can be used to develop food products and supplements to treat ischemic heart diseases and weight management. Clinical trials, however, are required to validate these findings.
Low Vitamin D Level in Saudi Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. In this study, serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were compared between women with and without PCOS and with regard to anthropometric indices and lipid and glucose biomarkers. Thirty-one women with PCOS and 75 controls answered a questionnaire on vitamin D, in addition to general health and lifestyle. The patients with PCOS had lower vitamin D levels (p < 0.05), a significantly higher rate of obesity (p < 0.05), and significantly higher serum triglyceride levels than did controls. The number of patients with PCOS consumed milk and dairy products (p < 0.05) and exposed to sun (p < 0.006) were lower compared to controls. Triglyceride levels were significantly correlated with body mass index (BMI); vitamin D level was not significantly correlated with anthropometrical or biochemical variables. These results affirm that vitamin D levels are lower in women with PCOS; however, despite the significantly higher proportion of obesity among patients with PCOS, hypovitaminosis was not associated with BMI. The relationship between body composition and vitamin D in PCOS and the effect of vitamin D correction on metabolic and hormonal parameters associated with PCOS must be assessed in future trials.
Association of the European Lactase Persistence Variant (LCT-13910 C&gt;T Polymorphism) with Obesity in the Canary Islands; Background: European lactose tolerance genotype (LCT -13910 C>T, rs4988234) has been positively associated to body mass indexes (BMI) in a meta-analysis of 31,720 individuals of northern and central European descent. A strong association of lactase persistence (LP) with BMI and obesity has also been traced in a Spanish Mediterranean population. The aim of this study was to analyze a potential association of LP compared to lactase non-persistence (LNP) with BMI in inhabitants of the Canary Islands of Spain using Mendelian randomization.
Effects of a Mediterranean Diet Intervention on Anti- and Pro-Inflammatory Eicosanoids, Epithelial Proliferation, and Nuclear Morphology in Biopsies of Normal Colon Tissue; This randomized trial evaluated the effects of intervention with either a Healthy Eating or a Mediterranean diet on colon biomarkers in 120 healthy individuals at increased colon cancer risk. The hypothesis was that eicosanoids and markers of proliferation would be favorably affected by the Mediterranean diet. Colon epithelial biopsy tissues and blood samples were obtained at baseline and after 6 mo of intervention. Colonic eicosanoid concentrations were evaluated by HPLC-MS-MS, and measures of epithelial proliferation and nuclear morphology were evaluated by image analysis of biopsy sections. There was little change in proinflammatory eicosanoids and in plasma cytokine concentrations with either dietary intervention. There was, however, a 50% increase in colonic prostaglandin E-3 (PGE(3)), which is formed from eicosapentanoic acid, in the Mediterranean arm. Unlike PGE(2), PGE(3), was not significantly affected by regular use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs at baseline, and normal weight subjects had significantly higher colon PGE(3) than overweight or obese subjects. Increased proliferation in the colon at baseline, by Ki67 labeling, was associated with morphological features that defined smaller nuclei in the epithelial cells, lower colon leukotriene concentrations and higher plasma cytokine concentrations. Dietary intervention had little effect on measures of epithelial proliferation or of nuclear morphology. The increase in PGE(3) with a Mediterranean diet indicates that in normal colon, diet might affect protective pathways to a greater extent than proinflammatory and proliferative pathways. Hence, biomarkers from cancer models might not be relevant in a true prevention setting.
Mastication of Nuts under Realistic Eating Conditions: Implications for Energy Balance; The low digestibility and high satiety effects of nuts have been partly attributed to mastication. This work examines chewing forces and the bolus particle size of nuts (walnuts, almonds, pistachios) varying in physical properties under different conditions (with and without water, juice, sweetened yogurt and plain yogurt) along with satiety sensations and gut hormone concentrations following walnut consumption (whole or butter). In a randomized, cross-over design with 50 adults (25 males, 25 females; Body Mass Index (BMI) 24.7 +/- 3.4 kg/m(2); age: 18-52 years old (y/o), the chewing forces and particle size distribution of chewed nuts were measured under different chewing conditions. Appetite sensations were measured at regular intervals for 3 h after nut intake, and plasma samples were collected for the measurement of glucose, insulin and Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). The three nuts displayed different particle sizes at swallowing though no differences in chewing forces were observed. Walnuts with yogurt yielded larger particle sizes than the other treatments. Particle size was not correlated with either food palatability or flavor. Fullness sensations were higher after whole nut than nut butter consumption though there were no significant changes in glucose, insulin, or GLP-1 concentrations under any condition. Changing the conditions at swallowing might influence the release of energy from nuts.
Nutritional Intervention and the Impact on Adherence to Treatment in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events disease and type 2 diabetes. Treatment includes modifications on life style, diet and physical activity. Treatment adherence plays a crucial role in the successful treatment of this disease.
Whey Protein Intervention and Inflammatory Factors and Oxidative Stress: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Context Whey protein (WP), a high-biological-value protein contained in milk, may have anti-inflammatory properties and can reduce proinflammatory cytokines; however, the current evidence is inconclusive.Objective The aim of this study was to further investigate the effects of whey protein supplementation on inflammatory factors and oxidative stress in adults.Data Sources We conducted a comprehensive search up to March 2022 using relevant key words in databases such as PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, focusing on randomized controlled trials (RCTs).Data Extraction RCTs that examined the impact of WP on C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-6, glutathione, malondialdehyde, and total antioxidant capacity were selected independently by 2 authors. Results were pooled using a random-effects model as weighted mean differences and 95% CIs.Data Analysis The results of the present study demonstrated that WP supplementation had no significant effect on the modulation of inflammation and oxidative stress compared with the control. None of the predefined subgroup analyses explained the differences in the effects of WP supplementation on inflammatory factors and oxidative stress.Conclusion This research suggests that WP supplementation had no significant effect on inflammatory factors and oxidative stress.Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42022325855.
Dietary Proteins and Atherosclerosis; More than one hundred years ago the "protein hypothesis" of the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and its association with cardiovascular disease was put forward on the basis of animal experiments; however, it has so far never been verified in humans. This theory was soon replaced by the "lipid hypothesis", which was confirmed in humans as of 1994. Epidemiological ecological studies in the 1960 s showed significant associations between dietary animal protein and mortality from cardiovascular disease. However, animal protein intake was also significantly correlated with saturated fatty acid and cholesterol intake. In the last decades two prospective cohort studies demonstrated a decreased cardiovascular risk in women during high- versus low-protein intake when adjusting for other dietary factors (e. g., saturated fats) and other cardiovascular risk factors. A direct cholesterol lowering effect of proteins has not been shown. Despite earlier research indicating that soy protein has cardioprotective effects as compared to other proteins, these observations have not been confirmed by randomized placebo-controlled trials. However, most experts recommend the consumption of foods rich in plant proteins as alternatives to meat and dairy products rich in saturated fat and containing cholesterol. There are no scientific arguments to increase the daily protein intake to more than 20 % of total energy intake as recommended by the guidelines, in order to improve cardiovascular health.
The Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Markers of Blood Lipids, and Blood Pressure in Patients with Prediabetes: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Prediabetes is a high-risk condition for type 2 diabetes mellitus. The growing prevalence of diabetes emphasizes on the necessity of concentrating on various strategies to prediabetes prevention and management. Probiotics as a group of functional foods might exert antidiabetic effects. This study aimed to assess the effects of probiotic administration on blood lipid profile and blood pressure in patients with prediabetes.
Effects of<i> Lactobacillus</i><i> plantarum</i> supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus and prediabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Lactobacillus plantarum has been shown to improve glucose and lipid metabolism in mouse models of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, it remains unclear whether such benefits extend to humans. A systematic review and meta -analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed to clarify the effect of L. plantarum supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism in T2DM and prediabetes. The PubMed, Cochrane, and Web of Science databases were searched. A random -effects model was used to estimate the pooled mean difference with 95% CI (confidence interval). L. plantarum supplementation reduced the levels of fasting plasma glucose (-0.41, 95%CI -0.63, -0.19 mg/dL; n = 5) and hemoglobin A1c (-0.2, 95%CI: -0.3, 0%; n = 4). A non -statistically significant tendency towards improvements in the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (MD: -0.74, 95%CI: -1.72, 0.25; n = 3), lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (-6.87; 95%CI: -15.03, 1.29 mg/dL; n = 3), high -density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD: 1.34; 95%CI: -0.78, 3.46 mg/dL; n = 3), triglyceride (MD: -3.90; 95%CI: -11.05, 3.24 mg/dL; n = 3), and total cholesterol (MD: -4.88; 95%CI: -11.84, 2.07 mg/dL; n = 3) was observed with the supplementation. In summary, while the evidence from the currently available RCTs provides a crude indication that L. plantarum supplementation might improve glucose and lipid metabolism in patients with T2DM and prediabetes, the benefits of the supplementation are likely subtle, and its clinical significance requires further investigation. (c) 2024 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The 2015 Dutch food-based dietary guidelines; The objective of this study was to derive food-based dietary guidelines for the Dutch population. The dietary guidelines are based on 29 systematic reviews of English language meta-analyses in PubMed summarizing randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies on nutrients, foods and food patterns and the risk of 10 major chronic diseases: coronary heart disease, stroke, heart failure, diabetes, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, dementia and depression. The committee also selected three causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases or diabetes: systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and body weight. Findings were categorized as strong or weak evidence, inconsistent effects, too little evidence or effect unlikely for experimental and observational data separately. Next, the committee selected only findings with a strong level of evidence for deriving the guidelines. Convincing evidence was based on strong evidence from the experimental data either or not in combination with strong evidence from prospective cohort studies. Plausible evidence was based on strong evidence from prospective cohort studies only. A general guideline to eat a more plant food-based dietary pattern and limit consumption of animal-based food and 15 specific guidelines have been formulated. There are 10 new guidelines on legumes, nuts, meat, dairy produce, cereal products, fats and oils, tea, coffee and sugar-containing beverages. Three guidelines on vegetables, fruits, fish and alcoholic beverages have been sharpened, and the 2006 guideline on salt stayed the same. A separate guideline has been formulated on nutrient supplements. Completely food-based dietary guidelines can be derived in a systematic and transparent way.
Among young adults, college students and graduates practiced more healthful habits and made more healthful food choices than did nonstudents; Objectives Health-related characteristics and habits and food choices of young adults were compared for three groups: college students, college graduates, and nonstudents.
Female dietary patterns and outcomes of in vitro fertilization (IVF): a systematic literature review; Background Infertility affects up to 15% of couples. In vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment has modest success rates and some factors associated with infertility and poor treatment outcomes are not modifiable. Several studies have assessed the association between female dietary patterns, a modifiable factor, and IVF outcomes with conflicting results. We performed a systematic literature review to identify female dietary patterns associated with IVF outcomes, evaluate the body of evidence for potential sources of heterogeneity and methodological challenges, and offer suggestions to minimize heterogeneity and bias in future studies. Methods We performed systematic literature searches in EMBASE, PubMed, CINAHL, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for studies with a publication date up to March 2020. We excluded studies limited to women who were overweight or diagnosed with PCOS. We included studies that evaluated the outcome of pregnancy or live birth. We conducted an initial bias assessment using the SIGN 50 Methodology Checklist 3. Results We reviewed 3280 titles and/or titles and abstracts. Seven prospective cohort studies investigating nine dietary patterns fit the inclusion criteria. Higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet, a 'profertility' diet, or a Dutch 'preconception' diet was associated with pregnancy or live birth after IVF treatment in at least one study. However, causation cannot be assumed. Studies were potentially hindered by methodological challenges (misclassification of the exposure, left truncation, and lack of comprehensive control for confounding) with an associated risk of bias. Studies of the Mediterranean diet were highly heterogenous in findings, study population, and methods. Remaining dietary patterns have only been examined in single and relatively small studies. Conclusions Future studies with rigorous and more uniform methodologies are needed to assess the association between female dietary patterns and IVF outcomes. At the clinical level, findings from this review do not support recommending any single dietary pattern for the purpose of improving pregnancy or live birth rates in women undergoing IVF treatment.
Effect of symbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles and microalbuminuria in patients with non-obese type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial; Background: The prevalent raise of type 2 diabetes (T2D) around the globe, are creating higher risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and increasing strain on each country's health care budget in the world. Microalbuminuria has appeared as a key parameter in diabetic patients. Microalbuminuria is also related to increased cardiovascular morbidity in people who are non-obese diabetic. Some studies have suggested that consumption of symbiotic foods might help improve the metabolic profile, inflammatory factors and biomarkers of oxidative stress. The aim of trial was to determine the effect of symbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles and microalbuminuria in non-obese T2D.
Improvement of Inflammation and Pain after Three Months' Exclusion Diet in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients; Introduction: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease affecting the synovial joints and causing severe disability. Environmental and lifestyle factors, including diet, have been proposed to play a role in the onset and severity of RA. Dietary manipulation may help to manage the symptoms of RA by lowering inflammation and potentially decreasing pain. Methods: In 40 patients with long-standing RA with stable symptoms and treated with conventional (c-) and biological (b-) disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), the effect of a 3-month diet avoiding meat, gluten, and lactose (and all dairy products; privative diet) was evaluated in comparison with a control balanced diet including those foods. Both diets were designed to reduce weight since all patients were overweight or obese. Patients were randomly assigned to one of the diets, and RA was clinically assessed at Time 0 (T0), through the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), for pain, and the Disease Activity Score of 28 joints (DAS 28) for RA activity. Patients were also administered the Short Form Health survey (SF-36) and the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ). At T0, a blood sample was collected for laboratory tests and adipokines measurements, and anthropometric measurements were compared. These evaluations were repeated at the end of the 3 months' dietary regimens. Results: A significant decrease in VAS and the improvement of the overall state of physical and mental health, assessed through SF-36, was observed in patients assigned to the privative diet. Both dietary regimens resulted in the improvement of quality of life compared to baseline values; however, the change was significant only for the privative diet. With either diet, patients showed significant decreases in body weight and body mass index, with a reduction in waist and hips circumference and lower basal glucose and circulating leptin levels. A privative diet was also able to significantly reduce systolic (p = 0.003) and diastolic (p = 0.025) arterial pressure. The number of circulating leukocytes and neutrophils, and the level of hs-C-Reactive Protein also decreased after 3 months of the meat-, lactose-, and gluten-free diet. Conclusions: Our results suggest that a privative diet can result in a better control of inflammation in RA patients under stable optimized drug treatment.</p>
MASTICATORY PERFORMANCE OF COMPLETE DENTURE WEARERS AFTER USING TWO ADHESIVES: A CROSSOVER RANDOMIZED CLINICAL TRIAL; Statement of problem. Masticatory performance analysis of conventional complete denture wearers who use denture adhesives is scarce in the dental literature.
Weight loss improves β-cell function independently of dietary carbohydrate restriction in people with type 2 diabetes: A 6-week randomized controlled trial; Background: Carbohydrate restriction may benefit beta-cell function and glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes (T2D) but also leads to weight loss which in itself is beneficial.
Investigation of the medium-term effects of Olibra™ fat emulsion on food intake in non-obese subjects; Objective: To investigate the effect of Olibra (TM) fat emulsion on medium-term food intake and appetite in non-obese subjects.
More favorable dietary patterns are associated with lower glycemic load in older adults; Objective Glycemic load represents the total glycemic effect of the diet and may reduce the risk for chronic disease by affecting the risk for obesity and by altering metabolic endpoints. The food choices associated with lower-glycemic-load diets have received little investigation. Therefore, the purpose of this research was to examine the food patterns associated with lower-glycemic-load diets to establish targeted intervention messages.
TAPIOCA MALTODEXTRIN IN THE PRODUCTION OF SOFT UNRIPENED CHEESE; Background. An excessive consumption of fat has been associated with an increased risk of health problems such as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Cheese is a highly concentrated product which is rich in protein and minerals such as calcium and phosphorus and essential amino acids, therefore it is an important food in the diet. But low fat cheeses are usually characterized as having poor body and flavour. Therefore, it is crucial to find ways of improving the acceptability of the product. The aim of this research was to investigate the possibility of using of tapioca maltodextrin in the production of soft cheese made from ultrafiltrated skimmed milk and to create organoleptic properties of a fat product in a non-fat product.
Postprandial cytokine concentrations and meal composition in obese and lean women; The aim of this study was to compare the acute effect of (i) meals rich in saturated fat, oleic acid, and a-linolenic acid and (ii) meals rich in starch and fiber on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese and lean women. In a crossover study, 15 abdominally obese women (age, 54 +/- 9 years; BMI, 37.3 +/- 5.5 kg/m(2)) and 14 lean women (age, 53 +/- 10 years; BMI, 22.9 +/- 1.9 kg/m(2)) consumed meals rich in cream (CR), olive oil (OL), canola oil (CAN), potato (POT), and All-Bran (BRAN) in random order. Blood samples were collected before and up to 6h after the meals and plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-8, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lipid peroxides (LPOs), free-fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, and cortisol were measured. Plasma IL-6 decreased significantly 1 h after the meals then increased significantly above baseline at 4 h and 6 h in obese women and at 6 h in lean women. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for IL-6 was significantly (P = 0.02) higher in obese compared with lean women and was significantly lower following the high fiber BRAN meal compared with a POT meal (P = 0.003). Waist circumference (R = 0.491, P = 0.007) and cortisol AUC (R = -0.415, P = 0.03) were significant determinants of the magnitude of 6h changes in plasma IL-6 after the meals. These findings suggest that the postprandial response of plasma IL-6 concentrations may be influenced by the type of carbohydrate in the meal, central adiposity, and circulating cortisol concentrations in women.
Activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)δ promotes reversal of multiple metabolic abnormalities, reduces oxidative stress, and increases fatly acid oxidation in moderately obese men; OBJECTIEVE-Pharmacological use of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)delta agonists and transgenic overexpression of PPAR delta in mice suggest amelioration of features of the metabolic syndrome through enhanced fat oxidation in skeletal muscle. We hypothesize a similar mechanism operates in humans.
Effects of meal palatability on postprandial sensations; Background: Food palatability has been shown to influence satiation and meal consumption; our aim was to determine its effects on postprandial satisfaction, ie digestive well-being (primary outcome), and homeostatic sensations (satiety, fullness).
Is glycaemic control associated with dietary patterns independent of weight change in people newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes? Prospective analysis of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial; Background: It is unclear whether diet affects glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes (T2D), over and above its effects on bodyweight. We aimed to assess whether changes in dietary patterns altered glycaemic control independently of effects on bodyweight in newly diagnosed T2D.
Genome-wide study to detect single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with visceral and subcutaneous fat deposition in Holstein dairy cows; Excessive abdominal fat might be associated with more severe metabolic disorders in Holstein cows. Our hypothesis was that there are genetic differences between cows with low and high abdominal fat deposition and a normal cover of subcutaneous adipose tissue. The objective of this study was to assess the genetic basis for variation in visceral adiposity in US Holstein cows. The study included adult Holstein cows sampled from a slaughterhouse (Green Bay, WI, USA) during September 2016. Only animals with a body condition score between 2.75 and 3.25 were considered. The extent of omental fat at the level of the insertion of the lesser omentum over the pylorus area was assessed. A group of 100 Holstein cows with an omental fold <5 mm in thickness and minimum fat deposition throughout the entire omentum, and the second group of 100 cows with an omental fold > 20 mm in thickness and with a marked fat deposition observed throughout the entire omentum were sampled. A small piece of muscle from the neck was collected from each cow into a sterile container for DNA extraction. Samples were submitted to a commercial laboratory for interrogation of genome-wide genomic variation using the Illumina BovineHD Beadchip. Genome-Wide association analysis was performed to test potential associations between fat deposition and genomic variation. A univariate mixed linear model analysis was performed using genome-wide efficient mixed model association to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) significantly associated with variation in a visceral fat deposition. The chip heritability was 0.686 and the estimated additive genetic and residual variance components were 0.427 and 0.074, respectively. In total, 11 SNPs defining four quantitative trait locus (QTL) regions were found to be significantly associated with visceral fat deposition (P<0.00001). Among them, two of the QTL were detected with four and five significantly associated SNPs, respectively; whereas, the QTLs detected on BTA12 and BTA19 were each detected with only one significantly associated SNP. No enriched gene ontology terms were found within the gene networks harboring these genes when supplied to DAVID using either the Bos taurus or human gene ontology databases. We conclude that excessive omental fat in Holstein cows with similar body condition scores is not caused by a single Mendelian locus and that the trait appears to be at least moderately heritable; consequently, selection to reduce excessive omental fat is potentially possible, but would require the generation of predicted transmitting abilities from larger and random samples of Holstein cattle.
The effect of cetylated fatty esters and physical therapy on myofascial pain syndrome of the neck; Participants with Myofascial Pain Syndrome(MPS) of the neck were randomly assigned into 2 groups of the double-blinded study: topical cetylated fatty ester complex (CFEC) cream application plus physical therapy (CF-PT; n = 37), and placebo cream application plus physical therapy (PL-PT; n = 35). There were 3 visits during 4 weeks of treatment. Physical Therapy (PT), given twice/week, included Ischaemic Compression, Deep Pressure Trigger Point Massage and Myofascial Releases. Topical cream [CFEC cream (5.6%) and 1.5% menthol] or placebo cream [1.5% menthol, in a cream base] was applied twice/day. CF-PT provided the fastest and most effective study treatment modality. The addition of CFEC cream to PT resulted in statistically significant improvements, compared to PL-PT, for reduction of pain, neck disability and life quality indicators. Our results indicate that cetylated derivatives of fatty acids can effectively reduce pain and symptoms associated with neck MPS, when combined with physical therapy. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Does adult calcium intake influence body composition? A review; Purpose - Emerging evidence indicates that there may be a link between calcium intake and body composition. However, few review papers to date appear to collate this information. This paper aims to fill this gap.
Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Hypertension is a major risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease, stroke, and kidney disease. To lower blood pressure (BP), several lifestyle changes are recommended such as weight loss, exercise, and following a healthy diet. Investigating the effect of single nutrients may have positive results, but food is consumed as part of a whole diet, resulting in nutrient interactions. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to assess the effect of dietary patterns on BP in adults. Studies that were published between January 1999 and June 2014 were retrieved using Scopus, Web of Science, and the MEDLINE database. Seventeen randomized controlled trials were included in the meta-analysis. The results suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet, Nordic diet, and Mediterranean diet significantly lowered systolic BP and diastolic BP by 4.26 mm Hg and 2.38 mm Hg, respectively. These diets are rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, seeds, nuts, fish, and dairy and low in meat, sweets, and alcohol. Lifestyle factors such as exercise and weight loss in combination with dietary changes may also reduce BP. Further research is needed to establish the effect of dietary patterns on BP in different cultures other than those identified in this review. The review was registered on PROSPERO (International prospective register of systematic reviews) as CRD42015016272.
Dietary Fat Chain Length, Saturation, and PUFA Source Acutely Affect Diet-Induced Thermogenesis but Not Satiety in Adults in a Randomized, Crossover Trial; Structural differences in dietary fatty acids modify their rate of oxidation and effect on satiety, endpoints that may influence the development of obesity. This study tests the hypothesis that meals containing fat sources with elevated unsaturated fats will result in greater postprandial energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and satiety than meals containing fats with greater saturation. In a randomized, 5-way crossover design, healthy men and women (n = 23; age: 25.7 +/- 6.6 years; BMI: 27.7 +/- 3.8 kg/m(2)) consumed liquid meals containing 30 g of fat from heavy cream (HC), olive oil (OO), sunflower oil (SFO), flaxseed oil (FSO), and fish oil (FO). Energy expenditure and diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) were determined by metabolic rate over a 240 min postprandial period. Serum concentrations of ghrelin, glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerol (TAG) were assessed. DIT induced by SFO was 5% lower than HC and FO (p = 0.04). Energy expenditure and substrate oxidation did not differ between fat sources. Postprandial TAG concentrations were significantly affected by fat source (p = 0.0001). Varying fat sources by the degree of saturation and PUFA type modified DIT but not satiety responses in normal to obese adult men and women.
Body mass interacts with fat quality to determine the postprandial lipoprotein response in healthy young adults; Background and aims: Postprandial lipemia predicts the evolution of cardiovascular disease. Obesity is associated with an increase in the magnitude of postprandial lipemia. Our objective was to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the effects of acute ingestion of different types of fat on the postprandial lipemic response.
The Type of Fat Ingested at Breakfast Influences the Plasma Lipid Profile of Postmenopausal Women; To assess whether the type of fat ingested at breakfast can modify the plasma lipid profile and other cardiovascular risk variables in postmenopausal women at risk of cardiovascular disease, a longitudinal, randomized, and crossover study was carried out with postmenopausal women at risk of CVD. They were randomly assigned to eat each type of breakfast during one month: 6 study periods (breakfast with the same composition plus butter/margarine/virgin olive oil) separated by two washout periods. On the first and last days of each study period, weight, arterial blood pressure, heart rate, and body mass index were recorded in fasting conditions and a blood sample was collected to measure plasma lipid profile. When comparing final values to baseline values, we only found out statistically significant differences on plasma lipid profiles. Butter-based breakfast increased total cholesterol and HDL, while margarine-based breakfast decreased total cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL. After the olive oil-based breakfast intake, a tendency towards a decrease of total cholesterol and LDL levels and an increase of HDL levels was observed. No statistically significant differences were observed in triglycerides levels, BMI, and arterial pressure in any breakfast type. The margarine-based breakfast was the only one which significantly increased the percentage of volunteers with optimal lipid profiles. The polyunsaturated fat at breakfast has improved the plasma lipid profile in the analyzed sample population, suggesting that PUFA-based breakfast can be advisable in women at risk of CVD.
The effect of calcium and vitamin D supplementation on obesity in postmenopausal women: secondary analysis for a large-scale, placebo controlled, double-blind, 4-year longitudinal clinical trial; Background: It is undetermined whether calcium supplementation has an effect on obesity or body composition in postmenopausal women. The purpose of the study is to detect the effect of calcium supplementation on indices of obesity and body composition.
Muscle Fiber, Connective Tissue and Meat Quality Characteristics of Pork from Low Birth Weight Pigs as Affected by Diet-Induced Increased Fat Absorption and Preferential Muscle Marbling; This study investigated how birth weight differences in piglets affected carcass and muscle fiber properties as well as meat quality at slaughter. Within litters, piglets were grouped according to their birth weight as either normal (NBW; 1.62-1.73 kg) or low (LBW; 1.18-1.29 kg). At 5 weeks of age, NBW piglets were randomly transitioned to control (C) or isocaloric high fat diets derived from non-dairy (HF), while LBW piglets were randomly transitioned to high fat diets derived from non-dairy (HF) or dairy sources (HFHD). Piglets were reared in individual pens under standardized housing and feeding conditions. Live weight was recorded weekly, and pigs were slaughtered at 12 weeks of age. Hot carcass weights, dressing percentages, lean meat yield, and primal cut proportions were determined. The m. longissimus thoracis was collected from the right side of the carcass for measurement of physical and chemical properties of meat and muscle fiber characteristics. Results indicated that LBW pigs compensated for their live weight compared to NBW pigs at 6 weeks of age. The mean muscle fiber diameter of LBW-HFHD group is significantly higher than NBW-C and NBW-HF group, and the type I muscle fiber diameter is significantly higher than NBW-C group. Dairy fat inclusion in LBW pig diet reduced carcass back fat thickness. This increased the calculated lean meat yield to be comparable to that of NBW pigs fed a commercial diet. Incorporating dairy-sourced high-fat into LBW pigs' diets appears to be an effective strategy for producing carcasses equivalent to NBW pigs.
The role of breastfeeding in obesity; A protective role of breastfeeding against obesity has been suggested, because of the unique composition of human milk, suckling experience, and metabolic and physiological responses to human milk. Most studies on the impact of breastfeeding on later obesity have found an insignificant effect; a protective effect was seen in four studies. Controlling for confounding factors is critical in this research area, where random assignment to feeding groups is not possible. Although a highly provocative concept, the protective effect of breastfeeding on later obesity remains controversial.
Assessment of the diet quality of US adults in the Lower Mississippi Delta; Background: The Lower Mississippi Delta (LMD) is a region at high risk of nutritionally related diseases. Assessing LMD diet quality is important in policy making, monitoring service outcomes, and designing sustainable research interventions.
The Power of the Virtual Ideal Self in Weight Control: Weight-Reduced Avatars Can Enhance the Tendency to Delay Gratification and Regulate Dietary Practices; The tendency to discount larger future benefits in favor of smaller immediate gains (i.e., temporal discounting) is relevant to the issue of obesity. Successful weight loss requires individuals to sacrifice immediate culinary pleasures in favor of future health gains. Based on the notion that increasing the vividness of one's future self may mitigate temporal discounting and promote the ability to delay gratification, we examined whether viewing one's weight-reduced self (i.e., the ideal self) in a virtual environment can decrease temporal discounting and lead to better regulation of dietary practices. Seventy-six undergraduates who had reported an intention to lose weight were recruited to participate in a laboratory experiment and were randomly assigned to interact with either the weight-reduced self (experimental condition) or the present self (control condition) by looking into a dressing mirror in a virtual fitting room. A temporal-discounting task and a taste test were subsequently administered. Results showed that, compared with control participants, participants who viewed their weight-reduced avatars ate less ice cream in a taste test and were more likely to choose a sugar-free drink as a reward. The discounting rate mediated the association between the avatar manipulation and the amount of ice cream eaten in the subsequent taste test. Overall, our findings suggest that a computer-generated image of one's weight-reduced self may assist in resisting impulses that promote immediate gratification over delayed benefits. This research provides a new approach for controlling impulsive behavior such as dietary regulation and weight control.
Divergent associations of height with cardiometabolic disease and cancer: epidemiology, pathophysiology, and global implications; Among chronic non-communicable diseases, cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although high BMI and waist circumference, as estimates of total and abdominal fat mass, are now accepted as predictors of the increasing incidence of these diseases, adult height, which also predicts mortality, has been neglected. Interestingly, increasing evidence suggests that height is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk, but higher cancer risk, associations supported by mendelian randomisation studies. Understanding the complex epidemiology, biology, and pathophysiology related to height, and its association with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer, is becoming even more important because average adult height has increased substantially in many countries during recent generations. Among the mechanisms driving the increase in height and linking height with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are insulin and insulin-like growth factor signalling pathways. These pathways are thought to be activated by overnutrition, especially increased intake of milk, dairy products, and other animal proteins during different stages of child development. Limiting overnutrition during pregnancy, early childhood, and puberty would avoid not only obesity, but also accelerated growth in children-and thus might reduce risk of cancer in adulthood.
Effects of the mu-opioid receptor antagonist GSK1521498 on hedonic and consummatory eating behaviour: a proof of mechanism study in binge-eating obese subjects; The opioid system is implicated in the hedonic and motivational processing of food, and in binge eating, a behaviour strongly linked to obesity. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of 4 weeks of treatment with the mu-opioid receptor antagonist GSK1521498 on eating behaviour in binge-eating obese subjects. Adults with body mass index >= 30 kg m(-2) and binge eating scale scores >= 19 received 1-week single-blind placebo run-in, and were then randomized to 28 days with either 2mg day(-1) GSK1521498, 5 mg day(-1) GSK1521498 or placebo (N = 21 per arm) in a double-blind parallel group design. The outcome measures were body weight, fat mass, hedonic and consummatory eating behaviour during inpatient food challenges, safety and pharmacokinetics. The primary analysis was the comparison of change scores in the higher-dose treatment group versus placebo using analysis of covariance at each relevant time point. GSK1521498 (2mg and 5 mg) was not different from placebo in its effects on weight, fat mass and binge eating scores. However, compared with placebo, GSK1521498 5 mg day(-1) caused a significant reduction in hedonic responses to sweetened dairy products and reduced calorific intake, particularly of high-fat foods during ad libitum buffet meals, with some of these effects correlating with systemic exposure of GSK1521498. There were no significant effects of GSK1521498 2 mg day(-1) on eating behaviour, indicating dose dependency of pharmacodynamics. GSK1521498 was generally well tolerated and no previously unidentified safety signals were detected. The potential for these findings to translate into clinically significant effects in the context of binge eating and weight regain prevention requires further investigation.
Virtual elimination of necrotising enterocotitis for 5 years - reasons?; A standardised feeding regimen was adopted in 1997 for guiding enteral feeding of neonates <32 weeks' gestation during clinical trials (18 months each) involving erythromycin (n=73) as a prokinetic and carboxymethylcellulose (n = 70) as a laxative as well as for during 2 years (n = 155) without any trials. Most aspects of the feeding regimen (e.g., milk increments-total volume/day, use of breast milk by choice, etc) were not significantly different from current practices.
Oral Administration of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus Casei Shirota</i> Decreases Pneumonia and Increases Pulmonary Functions after Single Rib Fracture: A Randomized Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Considerate proportion of elderly patients with a rib fracture is susceptible to pulmonary complications, especially pneumonia. We aimed to assess the effect of oral administration of the probiotic Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) on pneumonia and pulmonary functions among elderly patients with single rib fracture. The current study including 204 eligible elderly patients with a single rib fracture was conducted. Patients were randomly assigned to receive oral administration of skimmed milk containing either a commercial probiotic LcS or placebo daily for 1 mo after the fracture, followed by pneumonia assessments, pulmonary function testing including forced expiratory volume (FEV), negative inspiratory pressure (NIP), and forced vital capacity (FVC), as well as evaluation of potential adverse effects including myocardial infarction, acute kidney injury, nonunion of fractured bone, or stroke. After 1 mo consumption, patients in the LcS group exhibited decreased pneumonia and increased recovery of pulmonary functions, in terms of FEV, FVC, and NIP, compared to the placebo group. No difference was observed in incidence of adverse events between the 2 groups. In patients with a single rib fracture, oral administration of the probiotic LcS was associated with a lower incidence of pneumonia and increased pulmonary functions without causing severe adverse effects.
Postpartum supplemental fat, but not maternal body condition score at parturition, affects plasma and adipose tissue fatty acid profiles of suckling beef calves; Three-year-old Angus x Gelbvieh beef cows, which were nutritionally managed to achieve a BCS of 4 +/- 0.07 (479 +/- 36 kg of BW) or 6 +/- 0.07 (580 +/- 53 kg of BW) at parturition, were used in a 2-yr experiment (n = 36/yr) to determine the effects of maternal BCS at parturition and postpartum lipid supplementation on fatty acid profile of suckling calf plasma and adipose tissue. Beginning 3 d postpartum, cows within each BCS were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 treatments in which cows were all fed hay and either a low-fat (control) supplement or supplements with either high-linoleate cracked safflower seeds (linoleate) or high-oleate cracked safflower seeds (oleate) until d 61 of lactation. Diets were formulated to be isonitrogenous and isocaloric, and safflower seed supplements were provided to achieve 5% of DMI as fat. Total concentration of fatty acids in plasma did not differ (P = 0.48) due to maternal BCS at parturition. Percentage of 20:5n-3 in plasma tended (P = 0.06) to be greater for calves suckling cows with a BCS of 6 at parturition. No other differences (P = 0.12 to 0.99) were noted in calf plasma fatty acid profile due to maternal BCS at parturition. Likewise, no differences were detected for total fatty acid concentration (P = 0.88) in calf adipose tissue due to maternal BCS at parturition. Weight percentage of 14:1 (P = 0.001) was greatest in adipose tissue of calves suckling cows fed control and oleate; however, the percentages of 14:0, 15:0, 16:0, 16:1, 17:0, and 18:3n-3 were greater (P < 0.001) in adipose tissue from calves suckling cows fed control compared with calves suckling cows fed linoleate or oleate. Percentages of 18:0, 18:1trans-11, 18:2n-6, and cis-9, trans-11 CLA were greater (P < 0.001) in adipose tissue from calves suckling cows fed linoleate compared with calves suckling cows fed control and oleate. Calves suckling cows fed oleate had greater (P < 0.001) percentages of 18:1trans-9, 18:1trans-10, and 18:1cis-9 in adipose tissue than calves suckling cows fed control or linoleate. Calf plasma and adipose tissue fatty acid profiles were reflective of milk fatty acids. Because fatty acids play an important role in metabolic regulatory functions, changes in milk fatty acid profile should be considered when beef cows are fed lipid supplements.
Effects of highly consumed dietary oils on several hepatic transaminases and lipid oxidation in chick; The incidence of cardiovascular disease is well correlated with diets high in saturated fatty acids (such as butter). On the other hand, oils, which are rich in unsaturated fatty acids (e.g., sunflower oil and corn oils), reduce cholesterol synthesis and thus show protective effects against arteriosclerosis. However, sunflower oil and corn oil are also considered as risk factors for their sensitivities to free radical formation because of their high contents of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The aim of the present study described herein was to investigate the production of reactive oxygen metabolites (an indicator of oxidative stress) and the activities of several transaminases (markers of hepatic injury) in chick liver treated with highly consumed dietary oils (differing in the degree of saturation). The animals were randomly assigned to six groups of 29 and fed dietary butter, margarine, olive oil, sunflower oil, or corn oil for 2 months. The results indicated that the level of reactive oxygen metabolites (ROM) was lowest in the dietary butter-fed group but highest in the corn oil-fed group. Similarly, the activities of all transaminases measured were lowest in the butter group, and in the margarine-fed group only the Gama-glutamyl transaminase activity was lowest as compared to the control group. From these findings, it was concluded that the dietary butter was the most resistant oil to lipid oxidation, whereas corn oil was the most susceptible one, which may thus challenge the antioxidant defense system and increase the susceptibility of tissues to degradation products of lipid oxidation.
The effect of conjugated linoleic acids on inflammation, oxidative stress, body composition and physical performance: a comprehensive review of putative molecular mechanisms; Conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) are polyunsaturated fatty acids primarily found in dairy products and ruminant animal products such as beef, lamb, and butter. Supplementation of CLAs has recently become popular among athletes due to the variety of health-promoting effects, including improvements in physical performance. Preclinical and some clinical studies have shown that CLAs can reduce inflammation and oxidative stress and favorably modulate body composition and physical performance; however, the results of previously published clinical trials are mixed. Here, we performed a comprehensive review of previously published clinical trials that assessed the role of CLAs in modulating inflammation, oxidative stress, body composition, and select indices of physical performance, emphasizing the molecular mechanisms governing these changes. The findings of our review demonstrate that the effect of supplementation with CLAs on inflammation and oxidative stress is controversial, but this supplement can decrease body fat mass and increase physical performance. Future well-designed randomized clinical trials are warranted to determine the effectiveness of (1) specific doses of CLAs; (2) different dosing durations of CLAs; (3) various CLA isomers, and the exact molecular mechanisms by which CLAs positively influence oxidative stress, inflammation, body composition, and physical performance.
Effect of acute consumption of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in both non-complicated and type 2 diabetic obese volunteers: a pilot study; The aim of this intervention trial was to evaluate the impact of consumption of two different types of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in 16 non-complicated and 7 type 2 diabetic volunteers, having a body mass index higher than 30 kg/m(2) (obesity status) and selected according to the specific criteria. Volunteers consumed a test meal consisting of 30 g of white bread, 50 g of an experimental jam (sweetened with organic apple juice) and 150 ml of whole cow milk; a control jam (sweetened with white beet sugar) was provided within the same test meal with a week gap. For the determination of glucose and insulin levels, venous blood samples were collected after overnight fasting and every 30 min for 3 h after the ingestion of the test meal. Both groups of volunteers had a significantly lower (P < 0.05) increase of glucose and insulin levels at 30 and 60 min after the consumption of the experimental jam with respect to the control one, highlighting the importance of the type of carbohydrates in controlling glycaemic status: indeed, this type of jam, containing mainly fructose, was successful not only for diabetics but also for subjects at risk of developing this pathology, with a severe obesity condition. The consumption of this kind of product could be a strategy to enhance the quality of life in type 2 diabetic people, helping them to follow a dietary regimen including highly accepted food.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure; Background It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure.
Effect of glycomacropeptide fractions on cholecystokinin and food intake; Glycomacropeptide (GMP) is the hydrophilic 64-amino acid C-terminal glycopeptide released into cheese whey when K-casein is cleaved by chymosin. GMP exists as a mixture of different glycoforms due to the carbohydrates sialic acid (N-acetylneuraminic acid, NeuNAc), galactose (Gal), galactosamine and glucosamine attached by O-glycosidic linkages. GMP reportedly stimulates the release of cholecystokinin (CCK), which may promote satiety. The objectives of the present study were to manufacture three glycoforms of GMP, minimally glycosylated GMP (3.5 (SD 0.1)% NeuNAc and 1.5 (SD 0.1)% Gal), glycosylated GMP (12.0 (SD 0.3)% NeuNAc and 4.2 (SD 0.2)% Gal) and a GMP-depleted whey protein concentrate, and to assess the effects of these fractions relative to glucose on CCK, subjective measures of satiety and food intake. In a randomised double-blind acute study, twenty overweight/obese males (56.9 (SD 7.2) years, 97.4 (SD 8.1) kg, 31.5 (SD 3.0) kg/m(2)) were recruited to consume four 50 g preloads (two GMP preparations, GMP-depleted whey and glucose) containing 895 kJ. Blood samples and subjective measures of satiety were collected before and at 15, 30, 60, 90, 120 and 180 min after the consumption of preload, and CCK levels were measured. A lunchtime meal of hot food was provided from which subjects ate ad libitum until satisfied. Energy and nutrient intakes from the food consumed were calculated. There was no significant difference in CCK levels, subjective measures of satiety or food intake between treatments at the given preload level. These results suggest that the protein fractions at the dose employed do not influence satiety, CCK levels or energy intake at a subsequent meal.
Associations of body mass index and obesity with physical activity, food choices, alcohol intake, and smoking in the 1982-1997 FINRISK Studies; Background: Recent increases in the prevalence of obesity worldwide are suggested to be caused largely by an environment that promotes sedentariness and excessive food intake.
The effect of grazing forage containing condensed tannins on gastro-intestinal parasite infection and milk composition in Angora does; The objective of this study was to evaluate effects of the condensed tannin (CT)-containing forage sericea lespedeza (sericea lespedeza (SL); Lespedeza cuneata; 15.2% CT), on fecal egg count (FEC), larval development (larvae/10 g of feces), worm burden and immune response compared with a crabgrass (Digitaria ischaemum)/Kentucky 31 tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea; control forage (CTF)) forage low in CT (0.32% CT) in grazing Angora does and their kids. Fifty worm-free mixed-age does were randomly allocated to three treatments. One treatment (10 does; initial liveweight (LW) = 45 +/- 1.5 kg) entailed grazing of SL forage from April 25 to July 15, 2002 with a second treatment of CTF (20 does; initial LW 43 +/- 1.4 kg) grazing during the same period. Does of the third treatment (20 does; initial LW = 44 1.4 kg) grazed a sward of SL for 2 weeks and then one of CTF for 2 weeks followed by alternating between the two pastures every 2-week rotational grazing (ROT). To gauge levels of infective larvae on pasture, three worm-free Angora kids (initial LW = 3.6 +/- 0.2 kg) were randomly selected as tracers. Tracers grazed for final 60 days and were euthanized for determination of worm burden. The immune response of does was measured by skin thickness reaction after the intradermal injection of 250 jig phytohemagglutinin (PHA). Mean FEC for SL and ROT were substantially lower (P < 0.0 1) than for CTF does (145, 329 and 894 eggs/g, respectively). The FEC for kids was lower (P < 0.05) for SL than for ROT and CTF (550, 2757 and 3600 eggs/g, respectively). Total fecal egg output (3.3, 6.0 and 26.9 x 10(5) eggs/day, respectively) and larval development (242, 263 and 792 larvae/ 10 g, respectively) were lower (P < 0.05) for SL and ROT than for CTF. Tracers grazing on SL had lower total worm burdens than ROT and CTF (P < 0.01). The immune response was higher (P < 0.01) for SL (4.9 mm) and ROT (6.0 mm) than for CTF (3.0 mm) at 12 h after injection of PHA. The packed cell volume (PCV) in does was higher (P < 0.01) for SL and ROT than for CTF (27, 26 and 23%, respectively). Does that grazed CT-containing forage had considerably lower milk somatic cell counts (SCC) than does grazing non-CT-containing forage. In summary, grazing CT forages reduced FEC, larval development and worm burden, and also appeared to enhance immune response. The CT-containing forage SL reduced gastro-intestinal parasite infections of Angora does and kids. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A randomised trial comparing low-fat diets differing in carbohydrate and protein ratio, combined with regular moderate intensity exercise, on glycaemic control, cardiometabolic risk factors, food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in adults with type 2 diabetes: Study protocol; Background: Hypocaloric low-fat diets, high in protein with moderate carbohydrate (HP) can enhance weight loss, improve glycaemic control and improve cardiometabolic health risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, it is unclear whether the metabolic benefits observed during weight loss are sustained during energy-balance and weight maintenance. Furthermore, there is a lack of evidence regarding the effect of HP diets on food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in T2DM, despite carbohydrate food cravings, cognitive impairment and depression being associated with hyperglycaemia.
How exposure to natural scenes can promote weight control behaviors: A replication experiment; We performed a behavioral experiment to replicate published findings showing that exposure to natural scenes, i. e., viewing pictures of natural versus urban scenes, is associated with the choice of a "reward drink" containing less sugar (i.e., a healthier dietary choice). In total, 140 participants were randomly assigned to one of two study conditions (viewing natural or urban scenes). Participants completed a task measuring temporal discounting. Two measures related to weight control were used: the amount of ice cream consumed in a taste test (actual food consumption) and the amount of sugar chosen for the reward drink. Compared to the urban group, the natural scene group chose reward drinks with less sugar and ate less ice cream in the taste test. The discounting rate fully mediated the impact of exposure to natural versus urban scenes on the two measures. The association between experimental exposure to natural scenes and weight control behaviors was not contingent on the intention to lose weight or participant sex. This replication experiment suggests that exposure to natural scenes helps individuals to control sugar intake and food consumption.
Moderate intensity treadmill exercise alters food preference via dopaminergic plasticity of ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens in obese mice; Obesity has been associated with the excessive intake of palatable food as well as physical inactivity. To investigate the neurobiological mechanism underlying the exercised-induced prevention and treatment of obesity, the present study examined the effect of treadmill exercise on the preference for palatable food in mice. Levels of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens system were also analysed, as well as levels of dopamine, dopamine transporter, and D2 receptors in the nucleus accumbens. Forty C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into a control group (CG, n = 10) and a high-fat diet group (HG, N = 30). Mice of the HG group were fed a high-fat diet for 12 weeks in order to induce a model of obesity, following which the obese mice were randomly divided into an obese control group (OG, n =11) and an obese+ exercise group (OEG, n = 12). OEG mice received 8 weeks of treadmill exercise intervention. Our results indicate that, relative to animals in the OG group, OEG mice exhibited significant decreases in the preference for high-fat diets and insulin resistance, along with increases in the preference for sucrose and milk, TH and D2 receptor expression, and levels of dopamine in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens system. These results suggest that moderate-intensity treadmill exercise can alter food preference in obese mice, which may be mediated by dopaminergic plasticity of the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens and enhanced insulin sensitivity. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of Whey Protein and Resistance Exercise on Body Composition: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objectives: The objective of the present meta-analysis was to examine the effect of whey protein (WP), with or without resistance exercise, on body weight and body composition in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in generally healthy adult study populations.
Meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of saturated fat with cardiovascular disease; Background: A reduction in dietary saturated fat has generally been thought to improve cardiovascular health.
Is vitamin D-fortified yogurt a value-added strategy for improving human health? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Yogurt is a good source of probiotics, calcium, and proteins, but its content of vitamin D is low. Therefore, yogurt could be a good choice for vitamin D fortification to improve the positive health outcomes associated with its consumption. The primary aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt compared with plain yogurt on levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD). The secondary aim was to evaluate the effect of fortified yogurt on parathyroid hormone, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, glucose metabolism, and lipid profile. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar for eligible studies; that is, randomized controlled trials (RCT) that compared vitamin D-fortified yogurt with control treatment without any additional supplement. Random-effects models were used to estimate pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals. Findings from 9 RCT (n = 665 participants) that lasted from 8 to 16 wk are summarized in this review. The meta-analyzed mean differences for random effects showed that vitamin D-fortified yogurt (from 400 to 2,000 IU) increased serum 250HD by 31.00 nmol/L. In addition, vitamin D-fortified yogurt decreased parathyroid hormone by 15.47 ng/L, body weight by 0.92 kg, waist circumference by 2.01 cm, HOMA-IR by 2.18 mass units, fasting serum glucose by 22.54 mg/dL, total cholesterol by 13.38 mg/dL, and triglycerides by 30.12 mg/dL compared with the controlled treatments. No publication bias was identified. Considerable between-study heterogeneity was observed for most outcomes. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt may be beneficial in improving serum 25OHD, lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and anthropometric parameters and decreasing parathyroid hormone level in pregnant women and adult and elderly subjects with or without diabetes, prediabetes, or metabolic syndrome.
Influence of physical training on the food choices of elderly individuals; Practicing physical training influences appetite and palate in such way that it affects food choices in young individuals, usually contributing to healthier food choices. Elderly individuals undergo a huge reduction in taste, hormones and gastrointestinal changes also leading to appetite changes. Therefore, the aim of this study was to test the effects of combined training (CT) on elderly food choices. Fifty-two individuals (>60yr) were randomly placed into a CT group (aerobic and resistance exercises) and a control group (CG); 20 individuals in the CT group and 23 individuals in the CG group. Participants were physically inactive prior to the study and completed the 16-week intervention. The participants answered the food frequency questionnaire containing 84 items, before and after the interventions. There were differences in food frequencies between groups, such as a higher butter and margarine consumption and a lower fish and soup consumption in CG compared to CT, which were maintained even after 16 weeks. However, higher consumption of additional oil and a tendency to lower consumption of whipped cream in CG had become the same in CT after 16 weeks. Also, there was a trend to higher fruit consumption (3.47 +/- 2.05) and trend to lower consumption of fried snacks and additional salt in the salads for CT (0.03 +/- 0.03 and 0.63 +/- 0.48, respectively), compared to CG (2.24 +/- 1.04; 0.06 +/- 0.05 and 0.89 +/- 0.3). Therefore, despite subtle trends of improved habit changes, the CT did not effectively alter the food choices in elderly participants.
The acute effects of different sources of dietary calcium on postprandial energy metabolism; Dairy Ca intake has been shown to be superior to elemental Ca in increasing the loss of body fat during energy restriction. We questioned whether the mechanisms involved an increase in postprandial energy expenditure, fat oxidation and/or a greater lipolysis. The acute effects of different sources of Ca were examined in eight subjects, aged 47-66 years and BMI 27 center dot 6-36 center dot 1 kg/m(2), in a three-way cross-over study. Subjects were randomly provided breakfast meals either low in dairy Ca and vitamin D (LD; control), high in non-dairy Ca (calcium citrate) but low in vitamin D (HC) or high in dairy Ca and vitamin D (HD). Diet-induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation rates (FOR), carbohydrate oxidation rates (COR), insulin, glucose, NEFA and glycerol were measured hourly over a 6 h postprandial period. Postprandial data were calculated as a change (Delta) from the fasting value. Results showed that Delta NEFA was significantly different between meals (LD -1 center dot 50 (sem 0 center dot 26), HC -1 center dot 22 (sem 0 center dot 32), HD -0 center dot 94 (sem 0 center dot 27) mmol/lx6 h; P=0 center dot 035), with a lesser suppression following both high-Ca meals. Delta FOR was significantly higher following the two high-Ca meals (LD -6 center dot 5 (sem 2 center dot 2), HC 2 center dot 93 (sem 2 center dot 34), HD 3 center dot 3 (sem 2 center dot 5) gx6 h; P=0 center dot 005), while reciprocally Delta COR was significantly lower. Delta Glycerol was less suppressed following the high-Ca meals but statistical significance was not achieved. No differences in diet-induced thermogenesis, insulin or glucose were observed. Regardless of source, Ca intake acutely stimulated postprandial fat oxidation; and there was a lesser suppression of NEFA following these meals.
Pitavastatin prevents postprandial endothelial dysfunction via reduction of the serum triglyceride level in obese male subjects; Obesity is a well-established risk factor for the development and progression of coronary heart disease. Moreover, endothelial dysfunction is an early event in atherosclerosis and is known to be associated with postprandial hypertriglyceridemia. The purpose of this study was to determine whether a statin might have an effect on postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, and thereby on endothelial function in obese subjects. Twenty-four obese male subjects were recruited for this study. They were randomly assigned to receive pitavastatin (2 mg/day) or placebo for 2 weeks. The oral fat loading test using OFTT cream was performed pre- and post-treatment, in which the lipid profile and flow-mediated dilation (FMD) were assessed before and 4 h after an oral fat load. In the oral fat loading test conducted pretreatment, the oral fat load induced a marked increase of the serum triglyceride (TG) level and decrease in FMD in the pitavastatin and placebo group. In the test conducted post-treatment, the increase in postprandial TG was attenuated (+183 vs. +81 mg/dL, P < 0.001) and decrease in postprandial FMD was completely abolished (-1.1 vs. +0.1%, P < 0.01) by pitavastatin treatment. Moreover, there was a good correlation between the change in postprandial TG and the change in postprandial FMD after the 2 weeks of treatment (r = -0.737, P < 0.001). Pitavastatin might prevent endothelial dysfunction caused by postprandial hypertriglyceridemia within 2 weeks of therapy in obese subjects.
Modulation of plasma triglycerides concentration by sterol-based treatment in subjects carrying specific genes; Introduction: Genetic load may indirectly influence on cardiovascular risk. This work aimed to analyze the influence of polymorphisms (APOA5 C56G-Ser19Trp, Prothrombin-G20210A, F5 Arg506Gln, MTHFR-C677T, LIPC-C-514T, LPA-I4300M, PPAR_ALPHA-L162V, APOA5-1131T > C, APOE-APOE2/3/4, and APOE-APOE2,3,4) in plasma triglyceride (TG) levels of patients ingesting plant sterols. Materials and Methods: Double-blind, crossover, controlled clinical trial was performed in 45 individuals (25 women). About 2.24 g sterols in milk and placebo milk were ingested daily during 3 weeks each, separated by a 2-week washout period. Blood draws and saliva genomic DNA was extracted. Results: APOA5-C56G-Ser19Trp, MTHFR-C677T, and PPAR_ALPHA-L162V greatly benefit from sterols intake. APOA5-C56G-Ser19Trp GG homozygous carriers lowered their TGs more than CG heterozygote carriers (P = 0.003). TT homozygous carriers of gene LIPC C-514T experienced an increase of TGs. Conclusions: Further studies are needed to establish which genotype combinations is the most protective against hypertriglyceridemia.
Fat versus carbohydrate in insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review This review assesses the relative effect of fat versus carbohydrate and the differences between fatty acids and types of carbohydrate on insulin resistance and associated risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Body Mass Index, Dietary Habits, and Nutrition Knowledge among Primary School Students; Problem Statement: Today, the increase in technological advances and economic opportunities, which has brought about unbalanced nutrition among children in pre and post adolescence period, has led to an increase in body weight which may cause our children to become obese adults in the future. There is a need for studies to determine children's nutritional state at the adolescence period in Turkey and to suggest solutions. For this reason, the problem of the study is as follows; "What are the dietary habits and level of nutrition knowledge among students in grades 6-7-8 in Burdur province?".
Orally administered heat-killed Lactobacillus gasseri TMC0356 alters respiratory immune responses and intestinal microbiota of diet-induced obese mice; Aims: To investigate the influence of heat-killed Lactobacillus gasseri TMC0356 on changes in respiratory immune function and intestinal microbiota in a diet-induced obese mouse model. Methods and Results: Male C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet for 16 weeks. After 8 weeks, the high-fat-diet-induced obese mice (DIO mice) were randomly divided into two 0067roups, the DIO and DIO0356 groups. DIO0356 group mice were orally fed with heat-killed TMC0356 every day for 8 weeks, while DIO group mice were exposed to 0.85% NaCl over the same time period as controls. After intervention, the pulmonary mRNA expression of cytokines and other immune molecules in DIO0356 mice compared to those in DIO group mice was significantly increased (P < 0.05, P < 0.01). In faecal bacterial profiles, analysed using the terminal restriction fragment length polymorphism (T-RFLP) method, T-RFLP patterns in 75% of the DIO0356 group mice were apparently changed compared with those in control group mice. Conclusion: These results suggest that inactive lactobacilli may stimulate the respiratory immune responses of obese host animals to enhance their natural defences against respiratory infection, partially associating with their potent impact on intestinal microbiota. Significance and Impact of the Study: We have demonstrated that oral administration of inactive lactobacilli may protect host animals from the lung immune dysfunction caused by obesity.
Cellulite: Patient Selection and Combination Treatments for Optimal Results-A Review and Our Experience; BACKGROUND More than 90% of women have reported concerns of cellulite on their skin. Both commercially advertised creams and topical pharmacological agents have shown limited improvement. Thus far, there has been a paucity of thorough review articles on how to address and treat this condition.
Effects of Calcium Plus Vitamin D Supplementation on Anthropometric Measurements and Blood Pressure in Vitamin D Insufficient People with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Up to 75% of the risk of type 2 diabetes is attributable to obesity. Therefore, finding a way to control obesity can be useful for management of diabetes.Objective: This study was performed to assess the effects of vitamin D3 and calcium supplementation on anthropometric measurements and blood pressure in vitamin D insufficient people with type 2 diabetes.Methods: One hundred eighteen patients with diabetes were enrolled in this randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. All subjects were randomly assigned into 4 groups receiving (1) 50,000 IU/wk vitamin D3 plus (equal to 7143 IU/d) calcium placebo; (2) 1000mg/d calcium plus vitamin D3 placebo; (3) 50,000 IU/wk vitamin D3 (equal to 7143 IU/d) plus 1000mg/d calcium; or (4) vitamin D3 placebo plus calcium placebo for 8 weeks. Anthropometric measurements and blood pressure were assessed at study baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention.Results: A greater reduction in body mass index was observed in calcium plus vitamin D group than other groups (p = 0.03). Comparison of changes in waist circumference among 4 groups revealed no significant difference in crude model (p = 0.21) and when the effect of confounders was taken into account (p = 0.08). Calcium supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in hip circumference compared to other groups (p <0.001). Systolic blood pressure significantly decreased in the calcium plus vitamin D group compared to placebo (-7.3 8.7 mmHg vs 0.5 +/- 8.2 mmHg; p = 0.001). However, calcium and vitamin D supplementation had no significant effects on diastolic blood pressure.Conclusion: Calcium-vitamin D3 cosupplementation can have beneficial effect on body mass index (BMI), hip circumference, and systolic blood pressure in vitamin D-insufficient type 2 diabetics.
Impact of phenylketonuria type meal on appetite, thermic effect of feeding and postprandial fat oxidation; Background: Dietary management of phenylketonuria (PKU) requires the replacement of natural protein containing foods with special low protein foods. The effect of a PKU type diet on factors contributing to energy balance requires investigation.
The Medical Functions of Probiotics and Their Role in Clinical Nutrition; Background: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) have been attracting attention of food micro-biologists for more than a hundred years. An attention of researchers and society is paid to their ability to influent human health, to preserve foods and to extend their shelf life. Currently, LAB group includes a large number of different bacterial genera: Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, Streptococcus, Pediococcus, Leuconostoc, Enterococcus, Oenococcus, Aerococcus, Carnobacterium, Vagococcus, Weisella and Tetragenococcus.
Minimal effective dose of lactic-fermented egg white on visceral fat in Japanese men: a double-blind parallel-armed pilot study; BackgroundWe previously reported that the consumption of 8g of protein per day in the form of lactic-fermented egg white (LAFEW) improves visceral fat obesity. In this study, we investigated the minimum effective intake of LAFEW for visceral fat reduction in the Japanese males with mild obesity.MethodsTwenty-two Japanese adult males with a Body mass index (BMI) 24 and a waist circumference85cm were included in this study. The subjects were divided into three groups, that is, control group, LAFEW 6g group, and LAFEW 8g group. The LAFEW 6 and 8g groups consumed 6 and 8g, respectively, of egg white protein (EWP) in a drink at breakfast for 8weeks, whereas the control group consumed a drink containing 8g of milk whey protein. Body weight, body fat percentage, abdominal circumference, and visceral fat (VF) area around the navel were measured at 0 and 8weeks after initiating the consumption.ResultsNo changes in body weight or body fat percentage were observed in any of the groups. No significant differences between the pre- and posttreatment measurements were found in the VF area around the navel in the control group and the LAFEW 6g group. In the LAFEW 8g group, the VF area had decreased significantly after 8weeks of consumption, when compared to that before consumption, and the average observed decrease (cm(2)) was 13.24.7cm(2). Among the subjects with an initial BMI >25, the VF area was significantly smaller in the LAFEW 8group, when compared to the week 0 values and those in the control group. Visceral fat/subcutaneous fat values in the LAFEW 8group were also significantly smaller than those in the control group or at week 0.ConclusionThe results suggested that the minimum effective intake of EWP in the LAFEW to reduce the VF area in the Japanese men is 8g.Trial registrationThis clinical trial was retrospectively registered with the University hospital Medical Information Network (UMIN) Center, (UMIN000031681; registered on 12/03/2018).
Eating behavior modulates the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial; Aims: We investigated if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the effects of a GLP-1RA on central responses to food cues. Additionally, we investigated the associations of higher external and restraint eating scores with the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1RA. Methods: This secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes, consisted of two periods of 12-week treatment with liraglutide or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between baseline eating behavior and the effects of the GLP-1RA liraglutide compared with insulin after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on brain responses to food cues. Results: After 10 days, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala, insula and caudate nucleus. In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA increases in brain responses to chocolate milk receipt in the caudate nucleus and insula. After 12 weeks, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide-induced changes in brain responses to food cues. After 10 days, baseline external eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain re-sponses to food pictures in the insula, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. After 12 weeks, baseline restraint eating scores were associated with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula and caudate nucleus, and with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the caudate nucleus. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher baseline emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the central effect of GLP-1RA treatment. Additionally, external eating may also decrease, whereas restraint eating may increase the sensitivity to the treatment effects of GLP-1RAs. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP-1RA treatment.
Prevalence of self-reported hypertension and its relation to dietary habits, in adults; a nutrition & health survey in Greece; Background: Hypertension leads to many degenerative diseases, the most common being cardiovascular in origin. This study has been designed to estimate the prevalence of self-reported hypertension in a random nationwide sample of adult Greek population, while focus was set to the assessment of participants' nutritional habits in relation to their hypertension status.
"Benifuuki" Extract Reduces Serum Levels of Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1 Ligands Containing Apolipoprotein B: A Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial; (1) Background: Arteriosclerosis is associated with high levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. O-methylated catechins in "Benifuuki" green tea are expected to reduce cholesterol levels, although there is limited research regarding this topic; (2) Methods: This trial evaluated 159 healthy volunteers who were randomized to receive ice cream containing a high-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 676 mg of catechins (group H), a low-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 322 mg of catechins (group L), or no Benifuuki extract (group C). Each group consumed ice cream (with or without extract) daily for 12 weeks, and their lipid-related parameters were compared; (3) Results: A significant reduction in the level of lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor-1 ligand containing ApoB (LAB) was detected in group H, compared to groups L and C. No significant differences between the three groups were detected in their levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol; (4) Conclusions: "Benifuuki" extract containing O-methylated catechins may help prevent arteriosclerosis.
Impact of a Powdered Meal Replacement on Metabolism and Gut Microbiota (PREMIUM) in individuals with excessive body weight: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Excess body weight is associated with a state of low-grade chronic inflammation and alterations of the gut microbiome. Powdered meal replacements (PMR) have been shown to be an effective strategy for weight management; however, their effect on inflammation and the gut microbiome remains unclear. The aim of this 12-week randomised control clinical trial is to investigate the effects of PMR consumption, here given as a soy-yoghurt-honey formula, on inflammation, gut microbiome and overall metabolism in individuals with excessive body weight.
Evaluation of dietary pattern in early pregnancy using the FIGO Nutrition Checklist compared to a food frequency questionnaire; Objective To evaluate the reliability and utility of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify dietary and nutritional inadequacy in early pregnancy by comparing it against nutritional indicators and dietary quality indices (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH] score, Mediterranean Diet Score [MDS], and Dietary Quality Index-International [DQI-I]), derived by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Methods A prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women randomly recruited between September 2017 and April 2018 at their first antenatal appointment. Women completed the FIGO Nutrition Checklist (translated into Chinese) and the FFQ. Spearman correlation was performed to examine association between the Checklist and dietary quality indices or food and nutrient intakes, calculated based on dietary data from the FFQ. Results Of 160 participants, 156 (97.5%) completed both the FIGO Nutrition Checklist and FFQ and were included. There were 148 (95%) women who reported at least one suboptimal dietary behavior using the Checklist. Checklist score was significantly associated with dietary quality indices (DASH rho=0.344,P<0.001; DQI-I rho=0.304,P<0.001; MDS rho=0.164,P=0.041). The Checklist question on fruit/vegetables was significantly associated with fiber, vitamin C, and fruit and vegetable intake as calculated from the FFQ (0.325 <= rho <= 0.441,P<0.001). The question on dairy intake was significantly associated with intake of calcium, milk and dairy products captured via FFQ (0.576 <= rho <= 0.655,P<0.001). Conclusion This study supports the use of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify women with suboptimal dietary quality in early pregnancy.
Nutritional status and food intake of women residing in rural and urban areas of Lesotho; Objective: The socio-demography, anthropometry and food intake of women residing in rural and urban areas of Lesotho were determined. Design: Cross-sectional survey. Setting: Basotho women from four randomly selected villages in Maseru and Berea, which includes both urban and rural areas. Subjects: A total of 452 women were included in the study. Outcome measures: Socio-demographic information was collected using a structured questionnaire completed in an interview with each participant. Standard methods were used to determine anthropometric measurements, while usual food intake was determined using a short unquantified food frequency questionnaire. Results: A large percentage of participants were unemployed with a significantly higher percentage in urban compared with rural areas (65.5 vs. 49.2%; CI 6.8%; 25.4%). A higher percentage of urban than rural participants had a BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) (53.5 vs. 44.4%, respectively) and waist circumference >= 88 cm (62.7 vs. 54.1%, respectively). For both rural and urban participants, stiff maize-meal porridge was commonly consumed with all meals, often with moroho (cooked green leafy vegetables). Although a variety of vegetables (onions, cabbage, pumpkin, tomatoes, turnips and potatoes) were frequently eaten by most participants, quantities of intake were not determined. Protein sources consumed almost every day by more than 50% of all participants were dried beans. Chicken, eggs and full cream milk were consumed significantly more frequently by urban participants. Significantly more urban participants had access to a variety of fruits and vegetables, and they were also more likely to consume foods such as polony, russians (sausage containing pork and beef), sausage, sweetened drinks, mayonnaise and margarine more frequently than rural participants. Conclusions: A nutrition transition associated with the frequent intake of processed, sugary and high-fat foods was identified in urban participants. These unhealthy dietary practices may lead to an increased risk of obesity and poor health outcomes. The development of culturally acceptable and relevant interventions is thus recommended.
Oil blends containing partially hydrogenated or interesterified fats: differential effects on plasma lipids; We compared the effects on plasma lipids of margarines containing tither a trans fatty acid- (TFA)-free hard fraction achieved through interesterification (from primarily saturated fatty acids) or a partially hydrogenated hard fraction. Thirty-eight mildly hyperlipidemic subjects consumed a low-fat diet for 2 wk. They were then allocated to 2 groups and underwent 3 dietary interventions for 3 wk each in random order (diets contained 35% of energy as fat with 20% of energy as margarines or butter): group 1 (n = 18), butter, canola oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free canola oil blend; group 2 (n = 19), butter, polyunsaturated oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations after consumption of all oil blends and after the low-Eat diet were not significantly different, but were 11-15% lower than after butter (P < 0.001). Whereas the canola oil blends did not differ from each other in their effects on lipoprotein profiles, the TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend resulted in a significant 6% reduction (-0.25 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0,08, -0.42) in total and LDL cholesterol compared with the blend containing TFAs (P = 0.006). In the canola oil blend, 10% TFAs and 6% oleic acid were replaced by approximate to 14% saturated fatty acids plus a 2% increase in linoleic acid. In the polyunsaturated oil blend, 10% TFAs and 5% linoleic acid were replaced by a 10% increase in saturated fatty acids as well as 3% and 1% increases in oleic and linolenic acids, respectively. We conclude that, compared with butter, TFA-free margarines may be equal to or more effective than margarines containing TFAs in lowering LDL cholesterol.
Postprandial metabolic responses to ingestion of bovine glycomacropeptide compared to a whey protein isolate in prediabetic volunteers; Purpose Whey protein was shown to reduce blood glucose responses in humans and various other positive effects have been attributed to this protein. In contrast, studies using glycomacropeptide (GMP) as part of the whey fraction of bovine milk are rare. We, therefore, studied the postprandial responses to GMP administration in humans with impaired glucose tolerance compared to the effects of pure whey protein in a random design.
The effects of isoflavones combined with soy protein on lipid profiles, C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk among postmenopausal Chinese women; Background & Aims: Observational studies note that regular dietary soy protein intake (6-11 g day(-1)) has a significant association with lower blood lipids; however, these observations have not been confirmed by clinical trials. This study aimed to ascertain the effects of moderate intake of soy protein (15 g) with isoflavones or isoflavones alone on serum lipid profiles, inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein and uric acid) and composite cardiovascular risk in Chinese postmenopausal, prediabetic women.
The influence of calcium supplement on body composition, weight loss and insulin resistance in obese adults receiving low calorie diet; BACKGROUND: Obesity and diabetes are the most important problems of public health. Evidence from molecular animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicate that calcium intake may have an influence on body composition, weight and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of calcium supplementation on body composition, weight, insulin resistance and blood pressure in the face of calorie restriction in obese adults.
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits are important determinants of individual cardiovascular and metabolic risk. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima media thickness, and metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance, including the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the trygliceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Tg/HDL) ratio in a cohort of adults without known diabetes or atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Reversal of coronary atherosclerosis by yoga lifestyle intervention; Yoga has potential for benefit for patients with coronary artery disease though objective, angiographic studies are lacking. We evaluated possible role of lifestyle modification incorporating yoga, on retardation of coronary atherosclerotic disease. In this prospective, randomized, controlled trial, 42 men with angiographically proven CAD were randomized to control (n = 21) and yoga intervention group (11 = 21) and were followed for I year. The active group was treated with a user-friendly program consisting of yoga, control of risk factors, diet control and moderate aerobic exercise. The control group was managed by conventional methods i.e. risk factor control and American Heart Association step I diet.
Inulin-type fructans modulate intestinal <i>Bifidobacterium</i> species populations and decrease fecal short-chain fatty acids in obese women; Background & aims: : Inulin-type fructans (ITF) prebiotics promote changes in the composition and activity of the gut microbiota. The aim of this study was to determine variations on fecal short chain fatty acids (SCFA) concentration in obese women treated with ITF and to explore associations between Bifidobacterium species, SCFA and host biological markers of metabolism.
Recombinant milk fat globule-EGF factor-8 reduces apoptosis via integrin β3/FAK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in rats after traumatic brain injury; Accumulating evidence suggests neuronal apoptosis has the potential to lead to more harmful effects in the pathological processes following traumatic brain injury (TBI). Previous studies have established that milk fat globule-EGF factor-8 (MFG-E8) provides neuroprotection through modulation of inflammation, oxidative stress, and especially apoptosis in cerebral ischemia and neurodegenerative disease. However, the effects of MFG-E8 on neuronal apoptosis in TBI have not yet been investigated. Therefore, we explored the role of MFG-E8 on anti-apoptosis and its potential mechanism following TBI. In the first set of experiments, adult male Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into Sham and TBI groups that were each further divided into five groups representing different time points (6 h, 24 h, 72 h, and 7 days) (n=9 each). Western blotting, quantitative real-time PCR, and immunofluorescence staining were performed to identify the expression and cellular localization of MFG-E8. In the second set of experiments, four groups were randomly assigned: Sham group, TBI + Vehicle group, and TBI + rhMFG-E8 (1 and 3 mu g) (n=15). Recombinant human MFGE8 (rhMFG-E8) was administrated as two concentrations through intracerebroventricular (i.c.v.) injection at 1 h after TBI induction. Brain water content, neurological severity score, western blotting, and immunofluorescence staining were measured at 24 and 72h following TBI. In the final set of experiments, MFG-E8 siRNA (500 pmol/3 mu l), integrin beta 3 siRNA (500 pmol/3 mu l), and PI3K inhibitor LY294002 (5 and 20 mu M) were injected i.c.v. and thereafter rats exposed to TBI. Western blotting, immunofluorescence staining, brain water content, neurological severity score, and Fluoro-Jade C (FJC) staining were used to investigate the effect of the integrin-beta 3/FAK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway on MFG-E8-mediated anti-apoptosis after TBI. The expression of MFG-E8 was mainly located in microglial cells and increased to peak at 24 h after TBI. Treatment with rhMFG-E8 (3 mu g) markedly decreased brain water content, improved neurological deficits, and reduced neuronal apoptosis at 24 and 72 h after TBI. rhMFG-E8 significantly enhanced the expression of integrin-beta 3/FAK/PI3K/AKT pathway-related components. Administration of integrin-beta 3 siRNA and LY294002 (5 and 20 mu M) abolished the effect of rhMFG-E8 on antiapoptosis and neuroprotection after TBI. This study demonstrated for the first time that rhMFG-E8 inhibits neuronal apoptosis and offers neuroprotection. This is suggested to occur through the modulation of the integrin-beta 3/FAK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway, highlighting rhMFG-E8 as a potentially promising therapeutic strategy for TBI patients.
Effects of whey protein and dietary fiber intake on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, and appetite in subjects with abdominal obesity; Background Recently, we demonstrated that whey protein (WP) combined with low dietary fiber improved lipemia, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in subjects with abdominal obesity. In the present study, we investigated the effects of intake of WP and dietary fiber from enzyme-treated wheat bran on other metabolic parameters of the metabolic syndrome. Methods The study was a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel intervention study. We randomized 73 subjects with abdominal obesity to 1 of 4 iso-energetic dietary interventions: 60 g per day of either WP hydrolysate or maltodextrin (MD) combined with high-fiber (HiFi; 30 g dietary fiber/day) or low-fiber (LoFi; 10 g dietary fiber/day) cereal products. We assessed changes in insulin sensitivity, gut hormones (GLP-1, GLP-2, GIP, and peptide YY), body composition, 24-h BP, resting energy expenditure and respiratory exchange ratio (RER), and appetite. Results Sixty-five subjects completed the trial. Subjective hunger ratings were lower after 12 weeks of WP compared with MD, independent of fiber content (P = 0.02). We found no effects on ratings of satiety, fullness or prospective food consumption for either of the interventions. Intake of WP combined with LoFi increased the postprandial peptide YY response. There were no effects of WP or fiber on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, incretins, or 24-h BP. Conclusions WP consumption for 12 weeks reduced subjective ratings of hunger in subjects with abdominal obesity. Neither WP nor dietary fiber from wheat bran affected insulin sensitivity, 24-h BP, gut hormone responses, body composition, or energy expenditure compared with MD and low dietary fiber.
Effects of restraint on heifers during gentle human-animal interactions; Gentle human-animal interactions can induce positive emotions in cattle and enhance their welfare. We investigated whether a change in the animals' perceived control over the situation influences their perception of the interactions. We compared the reactions of habituated heifers (n = 28) to stroking and talking in a gentle voice while they were restrained in a feeding rack as routinely practiced on farms ('lock') or free to move in an arena ('free'), which allowed for a higher level of control over the situation and thus, probably a higher sense of agency. All heifers had a positive relationship to humans, i.e. freely accepted human touch, and were habituated to gentle human-animal interactions. Each animal was tested three times per condition and each trial comprised three phases: pre-stroking, stroking and post-stroking. Video recordings of the trials were analysed for behaviours associated with different affective states. We also assessed heart rate and heart rate variability (HRV). In line with our hypotheses, stroking and gentle talking led to longer durations of neck stretching, indicating a positive affective state in both conditions, with stronger effects in the 'free' condition. Longer durations of lower ear positions occurred during stroking primarily in 'lock'; however, the ear positions differed already in the prestroking phase, suggesting that restraint itself affected the ear positions independently of the human-animal interactions. Decreased heart rates during stroking in 'free' suggest a calming effect of the gentle interactions when the animals were free to move, and HRV parameters imply a greater relaxation effect shortly after 'free' interactions. We thus conclude that heifers with a good animal-human relationship enjoy gentle interactions with humans also when they are restrained, but they seem to perceive them even more positively when allowed to move freely, possibly due to a higher degree of agency. Furthermore, the results of this study confirm ear postures as promising indicators of the affective states of cattle, but underline that external factors such as restraint can substantially influence ear positions and need to be considered in the interpretation of the results.
A feasibility study of a multidimensional breastfeeding-support intervention in Ireland; Background: Breastfeeding is the optimum mode of infant feeding. Despite this, most global populations do not achieve the World Health Organisation's recommendation of exclusive breast milk for the first 6 months of life. Irish breastfeeding rates are among the lowest in Europe, necessitating a well-designed breastfeeding-support intervention.
<i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> N1115 attenuates obesity in high-fat diet-induced obese mice; Disruption of the microbial structure of intestinal bacteria due to a high-fat diet (HFD) is closely associated with metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes. Probiotics are known to modulate the gut microbiota; therefore, we demonstrated the capability of Lactobacillus paracasei N1115 (LC-N1115) to attenuate obesity. Four-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were fed a HFD for 12 weeks to induce obesity and were then randomized to supplemented placebo or LC-N1115 treatment group for another 12 weeks. LC-N1115 treatment reduced weight gain and liver fat accumulation as well as triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The administration of LC-N1115 suppressed the expression of fatty acid synthase, interleukin-1 beta, and toll-like receptor 4. Notably, the operational taxonomic units that negatively and positively correlated with the obesity phenotypes were enriched and reduced, respectively, in the LC-N1115 treatment group. These results indicate that LC-N1115 attenuates obesity by modulating the gut microbiota and the expression of lipid synthesis and proinflammatory cytokine genes.
Antihypertensive effects of dietary protein and its mechanism; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at increased risk of stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Both genetic and lifestyle factors, particularly diet, have been attributed an important role in the development of hypertension. Reducing dietary sugar and salt intake can help lower blood pressure; similarly, adequate protein intake may also attenuate hypertension. Observational, cross-sectional and longitudinal epidemiological studies, and controlled clinical trials, have documented significant inverse associations between protein intake and blood pressure. Human and animal studies have shown that specific amino acids within proteins may have antihypertensive effects. Cysteine, glutathione (a tripeptide), glutamate and arginine attenuate and prevent alterations that cause hypertension including insulin resistance, decreased nitric oxide bioavailability, altered renin angiotensin system function, increased oxidative stress and formation of advanced glycation end products. Leucine increases protein synthesis in skeletal muscle and improves insulin resistance by modulating hepatic gluconeogenesis. Taurine and tryptophan attenuate sympathetic nervous system activity. Soy protein helps lower blood pressure through its high arginine content and antioxidant activity exhibited by isoflavones. A diet containing an ample amount of protein may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension; one example is the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, lean meat, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products, which are good sources of antioxidant vitamins, minerals and fibre. Including an adequate supply of soy in the diet should also be encouraged.
Dietary mung bean protein reduces high-fat diet-induced weight gain by modulating host bile acid metabolism in a gut microbiota-dependent manner; The 8-globulin-rich mung bean protein (MPI) suppresses hepatic lipogenesis in rodent models and reduces fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels in obese adults. However, its effects on mitigating high fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity and the mechanism underlying these effects remain to be elucidated. Herein, we examined the metabolic phenotype, intestinal bile acid (BA) pool, and gut microbiota of conventionally raised (CONV-R) male C57BL/6 mice and germ-free (GF) mice that were randomized to receive either regular HFD or HFD containing mung bean protein isolate (MPI) instead of the dairy protein present in regular HFD. MPI intake significantly reduced HFD-induced weight gain and adipose tissue accumulation, and attenuated hepatic steatosis. Enhancement in the secretion of intestinal glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and an enlarged cecal and fecal BA pool of dramatically elevated secondary/primary BA ratio were observed in mice that had consumed MPI. These effects were abolished in GF mice, indicating that the effects were dependent upon the presence of the microbiota. As revealed by 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis, MPI intake also elicited dramatic changes in the gut microbiome, such as an expansion of taxa belonging to the phylum Bacteroidetes along with a reduced abundance of the Firmicutes. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Exercise and Dietary Modifications on Hidradenitis Suppurativa: A Systematic Review; BackgroundHidradenitis suppurativa affects up to 4% of the population worldwide. Many treatment options exist but these come with a significant side-effect profile. Exercise, weight loss, and dietary modifications may be simple inexpensive alternatives and/or adjuncts to treating this disease.ObjectivesWe aimed to summarize published evidence on the effects of dietary, weight loss, and exercise interventions on the clinical course, severity, or subjective improvement of hidradenitis suppurativa and to provide a framework regarding dietary changes and exercise modalities for clinicians treating this disease.MethodsA literature search of Scopus (1993 onwards), PubMed (1986 onwards), and MEDLINE (OVID interface, 1946 onwards) was conducted on 22 October, 2022. Case-control studies, cohort studies, and randomized controlled trials with five or more subjects conducted on adult participants (aged >18 years) were included; case reports, case series, and review papers were excluded.ResultsFifteen studies involving 2829 patients were included, encompassing nine cohort studies, five cross-sectional studies, and one cross-over study. Patients who were female, lost more than 50 pounds (22.7 kg), or were obese prior to weight loss saw improvement in hidradenitis suppurativa severity with weight loss. There was evidence for beneficial effects of diets, such as the Mediterranean diet that minimizes sugar, highly processed carbohydrates, and dairy, and emphasizes chicken, fruits, and vegetables, in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa. Evidence also supported benefit from oral zinc and vitamin D supplementation.ConclusionsMore evidence is needed in the form of randomized controlled trials or well-designed controlled trials to evaluate the effect of exercise and dietary manipulation on the hidradenitis suppurativa disease course. Overall, there is significant but weak evidence to support improvement in hidradenitis suppurativa severity with weight loss, dietary changes, and micronutrient supplementation. There is no significant evidence to support improvement in hidradenitis suppurativa symptomology with any type of exercise intervention.
Efficacy and safety of dietary supplements containing CLA for the treatment of obesity: evidence from animal and human studies; Dietary supplements containing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are widely promoted as weight loss agents available over the counter and via the Internet. In this review, we evaluate the efficacy and safety of CLA supplementation based on peer-reviewed published results from randomized, placebo-controlled, human intervention trials lasting more than 4 weeks. We also review findings from experimental studies in animals and studies performed in vitro. CLA appears to produce loss of fat mass and increase of lean tissue mass in rodents, but the results from 13 randomized, controlled, short-term (<6 months) trials in humans find little evidence to support that CLA reduces body weight or promotes repartitioning of body fat and fat-free mass in man. However, there is increasing evidence from mice and human studies that the CLA isomer trans-10, cis-12 may produce liver hypertrophy and insulin resistance via a redistribution of fat deposition that resembles lipodystrophy. CLA also decreases the fat content of both human and bovine milk. In conclusion, although CLA appears to attenuate increases in body weight and body fat in several animal models, CLA isomers sold as dietary supplements are not effective as weight loss agents in humans and may actually have adverse effects on human health.
Effects of feeding fish oil on mesenteric lymph node cytokine responses in obese leptin receptor-deficient JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> rats; Objective: Aberrant immune responses have been identified in obesity; however, immune cells of lymph nodes residing in the inflammatory environment of visceral adipose tissue have been largely overlooked. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can reduce inflammation and modify T-cell function and therefore may improve immune function in obesity. Thus, we determined the effects of feeding fish oil (FO) containing EPA and DHA on mesenteric lymph node (MLN) immune cell function.
The effects of dietary saturated fat source on weight gain and adiposity are influenced by both sex and total dietary lipid intake in zebrafish; The effects of saturated fat intake on obesity and cardiovascular health remain inconclusive, likely due in part to their varied nature and interactions with other nutrients. Investigating the synergistic effects of different saturated fat sources with other dietary lipid components will help establish more accurate nutritional guidelines for dietary fat intake. Over the past two decades, zebrafish (Danio rerio) have been established as an attractive model system to address questions regarding contributions of dietary lipid intake to diet-induced obesity in humans. The goal of the present study was to assess interactions of three different saturated fat sources (milk fat, palm oil, and coconut oil) with sex and total dietary lipid intake on weight gain and body composition in adult zebrafish. Larvae were raised on live feeds until 28 days post fertilization, and then fed a formulated maintenance diet until three months of age. An eight-week feeding trial was then initiated, in which zebrafish were fed nine experimental low- and high-fat diets varying in saturated fatty acid and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid content, in addition to a low-fat and high-fat control diet. At termination of the feeding trial, each treatment was evaluated according to body mass, moisture content, and adiposity. Sex and diet significantly interacted in their effects on body mass (P = 0.026), moisture content (P = 0.044), and adiposity (P = 0.035). The influence of saturated fat source on body mass was observed to be dependent on intake of total dietary lipid. In females, all three saturated fat sources had similar effects on adiposity. From these observations, we hypothesize that impacts of saturated fat intake on energy allocation and obesity-related phenotypes are influenced by both sex and intake of other dietary lipid components. Our results suggest that current nutritional guidelines for saturated fat intake may need to be re-evaluated and take sex-specific recommendations into consideration.
Sensory responses to fat are not affected by varying dietary energy intake from fat and saturated fat over ranges common in the American diet; Objective To examine the effects of manipulating dietary fat in foods on sensitivity and hedonic response to fat in selected foods.
Galactose promotes fat mobilization in obese lactating and nonlactating women; Background: Galactose consumption as the only carbohydrate source results in little increase in plasma glucose and insulin concentrations when compared with fasting. Lower insulin might promote endogenous lipolysis during meal absorption, which may facilitate fat loss.
Dietary acculturation and increasing rates of obesity in Ethiopian women living in Israel; Objective: Immigration from Third World countries to the developed world is characterized by modification of lifestyle and acculturation to local customs. This study investigated changes in nutritional status and eating behaviors in female Ethiopian immigrants in Israel.
Fish intake during pregnancy, fetal growth, and gestational length in 19 European birth cohort studies; Background: Fish is a rich source of essential nutrients for fetal development, but in contrast, it is also a well-known route of exposure to environmental pollutants.
Adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet in relation to obesity among Iranian female nurses; Objective: Limited observational studies have considered habitual consumption of the general population to examine the relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and obesity. The aim of the present study was to investigate adherence to the DASH diet in relation to general and central obesity among female nurses in Isfahan, Iran.
Vitamin D receptor <i>Cdx-2</i>-dependent response of central obesity to vitamin D intake in the subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial; This study aimed to investigate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) on central obesity indicators in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and the possible modulation of this effect by vitamin D receptor (VDR) Cdx-2 genotypes. A total of sixty T2D subjects were randomly allocated to two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD; n 29, containing 170 mg Ca and no vitamin D/250 ml) or vitamin D-3-fortified doogh (FD; n 31, containing 170 mg Ca and 12.5 mu g/250 ml) twice a day for 12 weeks. 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D), glycaemic as well as adiposity indicators were evaluated before and after the intervention. VDR-Cdx-2 genotypes in extended number of T2D subjects in the FD group (n 60) were determined as AA, GA and GG. After 12 weeks, in FD compared with PD, serum 25(OH) D increased (+35.4v. -4.8 nmol/l; P < 0.001) and mean changes of waist circumference (WC; -1.3v. +1.6 cm; P = 0.02), body fat mass (FM; -1.9v. +0.60 %; P = 0.008), truncal fat (TF; -1.1v. 0.13 %; P = 0.003) and visceral adipose tissue (-0.80 v. + 0.37 AU; P < 0.001) decreased significantly. Circulating 25(OH) D was raised only in the AA group (34.8 nmo/l in AA group v. -6.4 nmol/l in AG and -1.6 nmol/l in GG groups; P < 0.001), which was accompanied by a significant decrease in changes of WC (P = 0.004), FM% (P = 0.01) and TF% (P < 0.001) in the AA genotype. Daily intake of vitamin D-FD for 12 weeks improved the central obesity indices in T2D subjects, and the improvement was more pronounced in the carriers of the AA genotype of VDR-Cdx-2.
Dietary Intake in Early Pregnancy and Glycemia in Late Pregnancy among Women with Obesity; Women with obesity have increased risk for hyperglycemia during pregnancy, with negative health consequences for mother and child. We aimed to investigate adherence to nutritional recommendations in early pregnancy and to examine associations between early pregnancy dietary intake and late pregnancy glycemia among women with obesity. We included 120 women with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2) who participated in one of two randomized controlled trials. The participants completed a food frequency questionnaire in early pregnancy (gestational weeks 12-22). Fasting and 120 min glucose tolerance after ingestion of 75 g glucose were assessed in late pregnancy (gestational weeks 32-37). About 90% of the participants reported early pregnancy diary intake within the recommendations. Average intakes of vitamin D, iron, and folate were below recommended levels. High intakes of dairy products and protein in early pregnancy were associated with lower fasting glucose in late pregnancy, whereas high intake of bread was associated with lower 120 min glucose. There were no clear associations between single dietary variables and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosis in late pregnancy. In conclusion, some early pregnancy dietary variables were associated with late pregnancy glycemia. Potential causality of these findings should be investigated in future studies.
Effects of <i>cis</i>-9,<i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on insulin sensitivity, lipid peroxidation, and proinflammatory markers in obese men; Background: We recently showed that trans-10,cis-12 (t10,c12) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) causes insulin resistance in obese men. However, metabolic effects of the c9,t11 CLA isomer are still unknown in obese men. Because c9,t11 CLA is the predominant CLA isomer in foods and is included in dietary weight-loss products, it is important to conduct randomized controlled studies that use c9,t11 CLA preparations.
The Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Health A Critical Review; The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), abundant in minimally processed plant-based foods, rich in monounsaturated fat from olive oil, but lower in saturated fat, meats, and dairy products, seems an ideal nutritional model for cardiovascular health. Methodological aspects of Mediterranean intervention trials, limitations in the quality of some meta-analyses, and other issues may have raised recent controversies. It remains unclear whether such limitations are important enough as to attenuate the postulated cardiovascular benefits of the MedDiet. We aimed to critically review current evidence on the role of the MedDiet in cardiovascular health. We systematically searched observational prospective cohorts and randomized controlled trials which explicitly reported to assess the effect of the MedDiet on hard cardiovascular end points. We critically assessed all the original cohorts and randomized controlled trials included in the 5 most comprehensive meta-analyses published between 2014 and 2018 and additional prospective studies not included in these meta-analyses, totaling 45 reports of prospective studies (including 4 randomized controlled trials and 32 independent observational cohorts). We addressed the existing controversies on methodology and other issues. Some departures from individual randomization in a subsample of the landmark Spanish trial (PREDIMED [Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea]) did not represent any clinically meaningful attenuation in the strength of its findings and the results of PREDIMED were robust in a wide range of sensitivity analyses. The criteria for causality were met and potential sources of controversies did not represent any reason to compromise the main findings of the available observational studies and randomized controlled trials. The available evidence is large, strong, and consistent. Better conformity with the traditional MedDiet is associated with better cardiovascular health outcomes, including clinically meaningful reductions in rates of coronary heart disease, ischemic stroke, and total cardiovascular disease.
Effects of Carbohydrate Restriction on Body Weight and Glycemic Control in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy in Real-Life Settings; A fully provided, hypocaloric, carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet compared to a hypocaloric conventional diabetes (CD) diet for 6 weeks improved glycemic control to a greater extent in face of an intended 6% weight loss in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The present 24-week extension of that study reports on the efficacy of CRHP and CD diets in a real-life setting. Sixty-five individuals with T2DM who completed the initial 6-week fully provided diet period (% energy from carbohydrate, protein, and fat was 30/30/40 in CRHP, and 50/17/33 in CD) continued a free-living, dietician guided 24-week period of which 59 individuals completed. The CRHP compared to CD group reported a 4% lower carbohydrate intake and had higher urea excretion by 22% (both p <= 0.05) at week 30, suggesting less difference in carbohydrate and protein intake between groups during the 24-week extension compared to week 6. The loss of body weight during the initial 6 weeks was maintained in both groups during the 24-week extension (-5.5 +/- 4.5 and -4.6 +/- 4.8 kg) as well as HbA(1c) (-8.4 +/- 6.2 and -8.4 +/- 6.9 mmol/mol) with no significant differences between groups. The additional benefits on glucoregulation harnessed by carbohydrate restriction under full diet provision for 6 weeks combined with titrated weight loss could not be maintained in a real-life setting of self-prepared diet aiming on similar diets for 6 months.
Effects of 2-year vitamin B12 and folic acid supplementation in hyperhomocysteinemic elderly on arterial stiffness and cardiovascular outcomes within the B-PROOF trial; Introduction: Hyperhomocysteinemia is an important cardiovascular risk indicator in the oldest old, and is associated with elevated arterial stiffness in this age group. Since several intervention trials reported a lack of benefit of B-vitamin supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes, we aimed to investigate the effect of B-vitamin supplementation on arterial stiffness and atherosclerosis in hyperhomocysteinemic elderly patients.
ASSESSMENT OF RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ISCHEMIC HEART DISEASE (IHD) AND DIETARY HABITS; Background: Ischemic heart disease (IHD) also known as atherosclerotic heart disease, coronary heart disease, or Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the most common type of heart disease and cause of heart attacks. the emerging profile of patients with AMI is that the majority are male, relatively younger as compared to Western population, have smoking and hypertension followed by diabetes as the major risk factors. Our study was aimed at assessing the relationship between ischemic heart disease (IHD) and dietary habits.
Ingesting probiotic yogurt containing <i>Lactiplantibacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 improves glycaemic control in adults with prediabetes in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Aim: The ingestion of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells has been shown to improve glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in murine models and clinical studies. This study aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glycaemic control in healthy adults with prediabetes. Materials and Methods: The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group design. Adult participants with prediabetes [n = 148, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) range: 5.6%-6.4%, age range: 20-64 years] were assigned randomly to placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 74/group) and administered daily for 12 weeks either conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 x 109 heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively. In addition, the participants were followed for 8 weeks after the discontinuation of either yogurt. The primary outcome was the changes in HbA1c levels at weeks 12 and 16 by analysis of covariance. Results: The levels of HbA1c and glycoalbumin decreased significantly in both groups at week 12 in comparison with those at week 0, but only in the OLL2712 group at week 16. HbA1c levels decreased significantly at weeks 12 and 16 in the OLL2712 group in comparison with the placebo group (p = .014 and p = .006, respectively). No significant inter- and intragroup differences in HbA1c levels were observed at week 20. Conclusions: The ingestion of OLL2712 prevents the deterioration of glycaemic control and maintains the HbA1c levels within the normal range in adults with prediabetes; yogurt probably exhibits similar effects, which may contribute to reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
EFFECT OF PORCINE SOMATOTROPIN (PST) TREATMENT AND WITHDRAWAL ON PERFORMANCE AND ADIPOSE-TISSUE CELLULARITY IN FINISHING SWINE; A 10-wk trial was conducted with 60 barrows and 60 gilts (initial weight = 47 kg) to investigate the effect of pST treatment (3 mg/d) for wk 0 to 5, 5 to 10, or 0 to 10 on performance, carcass traits, and adipose tissue cellularity of finishing hogs. The primary objective of the study was to determine the effect of 5 wk of pST treatment followed by 5 wk of withdrawal on performance and carcass traits relative to a control or to pigs treated for the entire period. After 5 wk, pST-treated pigs exhibited improved (P < .001) gain (11%) and efficiency (22%) and decreased (P < .001) feed intake (-22%) and 10th rib backfat accretion (-93%, P < .001). There was an increase in adipose cell number/gram of tissue (control, 2.57 vs pST, 3.36 x 10(6)/g; P < .005) and a decrease in cell diameter (control, 72.4 vs PST, 67.2 mu m; P < .005). Backfat thickness and cell diameter increased in control pigs from wk 5 to 10. During the last 5-wk period, pST-treated animals continued to exhibit improved performance and maintained adipose cell size distribution and number similar to the pST-treated pigs at wk 5. Pigs treated for the first 5 wk and withdrawn from treatment for the second 5 wk had decreased efficiency (-12%, P < .05) and a twofold increase in backfat accretion (P < .001) relative to control. The increase in backfat thickness was accompanied by an increase in adipocyte diameter, indicative of lipid filling. Most of the benefits of PST observed during the first 5 wk were lost during the withdrawal period. Reductions in carcass fat in response to pST treatment are at least partially accounted for by inhibition of lipid filling in adipose tissue, an effect that is reversed upon cessation of treatment.
The Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Disease <i>Gaps in the Evidence and Research Challenges</i>; In this article, we critically evaluate the evidence relating to the effects of the Mediterranean diet (MD) on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Strong evidence indicating that the MD prevents CVD has come from prospective cohort studies. However, there is only weak supporting evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) as none have compared subjects who follow an MD and those who do not. Instead, RCTs have tested the effect of 1 or 2 features of the MD. This was the case in the Prevenci.n con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) study: the major dietary change in the intervention groups was the addition of either extravirgin olive oil or nuts. Meta-analyses generally suggest that the MD causes small favorable changes in risk factors for CVD, including blood pressure, blood glucose, and waist circumference. However, the effect on blood lipids is generally weak. The MD may also decrease several biomarkers of inflammation, including C-reactive protein. The 7 key features of the MD can be divided into 2 groups. Some are clearly protective against CVD (olive oil as the main fat; high in legumes; high in fruits/vegetables/nuts; and low in meat/meat products and increased in fish). However, other features of the MD have a less clear relationship with CVD (low/moderate alcohol use, especially red wine; high in grains/cereals; and low/moderate in milk/dairy). In conclusion, the evidence indicates that the MD prevents CVD. There is a need for RCTs that test the effectiveness of the MD for preventing CVD. Key design features for such a study are proposed.
Fruit-Promoting Smarter Lunchrooms Interventions: Results From a Cluster RCT; Introduction: The Smarter Lunchrooms Movement was developed to provide schools with simple, low-cost solutions to encourage students to make healthier food choices at school. The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of fruit-promoting Smarter Lunchroom interventions on middle school students' selection and consumption of fruits.
Mechanistic roles for calcium and vitamin D in the regulation of body weight; Low intakes of calcium and inadequate vitamin D status often cluster with higher prevalence rates of obesity. Consequently, there has been much interest in the mechanisms by which calcium and vitamin D could regulate body weight and adiposity. This review has focused on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that have manipulated these nutrients and studied pathways of energy balance. Overall, there is consistent evidence that calcium and vitamin D increase whole body fat oxidation after single and multiple meals, and that calcium promotes a modest energy loss through increased faecal fat excretion. The evidence is equivocal for a greater diet-induced thermogenesis, increased lipolysis, suppression of key lipogenic enzymes, decreased hunger ratings or reduced energy/macronutrient intake. Emerging evidence suggests a potential improvement in insulin sensitivity following vitamin D that would impinge on food intake and substrate oxidation. However, the very few RCTs on supplemental vitamin D and energy balance have not explored postprandial avenues of the hormone's actions. Future efforts in this area need to define the threshold intake of these nutrients that would maximize metabolic and gastrointestinal outcomes. Such studies would provide a platform for endorsing the non-skeletal role of calcium and vitamin D in human pathophysiology.
Metabolic changes during the perinatal period in dairy sheep in relation to level of nutrition and breed. I. Late pregnancy; The effects of level of nutrition during pregnancy on the development of the mammary gland, on various biochemical parameters, on feed intake and on body weight were investigated in Chios (CH) and Karagouniko (K) ewes. Thirty pregnant ewes of both breeds were randomly assigned to groups A and B, which received 110% of their energy requirements for maintenance plus pregnancy for two foetuses and 90% of their maintenance energy requirements, respectively. In a second experiment, 34 pregnant Chios ewes were assigned and fed as in the first trial, but they were slaughtered on day 140 of pregnancy to study udder characteristics. The feed intake and the body weight in pregnancy were higher in ewes of group A and K ewes than of groups B (p less than or equal to 0.001) and CH (p less than or equal to 0.01), respectively. Plasma glucose concentration tended to be higher in group A than group B. Group A ewes had significantly decreased plasma free fatty acids (p less than or equal to 0.001) and beta -hydrobutyric acid (p less than or equal to 0.05), but higher insulin (p less than or equal to 0.01) concentrations, whereas serum T4 concentrations were higher in K than in CH ewes (p less than or equal to 0.01), during the last 10 days of pregnancy. The fat cell diameter and the NADP-isocitrate dehydrogenase activity of the adipose tissue were higher in ewes of group A than group B, on the day 7 before lambing. In the second experiment, the underfed CH ewes had significantly lower empty udder weight (p less than or equal to 0.05), smaller udder (p less than or equal to 0.05), smaller tear length (p less than or equal to 0.01), lower mammary gland weight (p less than or equal to 0.05), less total content of DNA (p less than or equal to 0.05) and less fat percentage of mammary gland (p less than or equal to 0.01) in comparison with the well-fed CH ewes. It is concluded that undernutrition during pregnancy causes considerable changes in the ewe's metabolism, mainly in the adipose tissue. Furthermore, the level of nutrition significantly affected udder development.
Physical Activity and Prostate Cancer Mortality in Puerto Rican Men; Studies on the association between physical activity and fatal prostate cancer have produced inconclusive results. The Puerto Rico Heart Health Program was a cohort study of a randomly selected sample of 9824 men age 35 to 79 years at baseline who were followed for mortality until 2002. Multiple examinations collected information on lifestyle, diet, body composition, exercise, urban-rural residence, and smoking habits. Physical activity status was measured using the Framingham Physical Activity Index, an assessment of occupational, leisure-time, and other physical activities measured as usual activity over the course of a 24-hour day. Physical activity was stratified into quartiles. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association of physical activity with prostate cancer mortality. Other covariates included age, education, urban-rural residence, smoking, and body mass index. Compared with the lowest level of physical activity (Q1), the risk of prostate cancer mortality was OR = 0.99 (95% CI = 0.64-1.55) for Q2, OR = 1.34 (95% CI = 0.88-2.05) for Q3, and OR = 1.19 (95% CI = 0.75-1.90) for Q4. Further analyses by age group, overweight status, or vigorous physical activity also did not show a significant association between physical activity and prostate cancer mortality. Physical activity did not predict prostate cancer mortality in this group of Puerto Rican men.
Prepartum dietary management of energy intake affects postpartum intake and lactation performance by primiparous and multiparous Holstein cows; An experiment was conducted to determine the effect of plane of energy intake prepartum on postpartum performance. Primiparous (n = 24) and multiparous (n = 23) Holsteins were randomly assigned by expected date of parturition to 1 of 3 prepartum energy intakes. A moderate energy diet [1.63 Mcal of net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg; 15% crude protein (CP)] was fed for either ad libitum intake (OVR) or restricted intake (RES) to supply 150 or 80% of National Research Council (2001) energy requirement, respectively, for dry cows in late gestation. To limit energy intake to 100% of NRC requirement at ad libitum dry matter intake (DMI), chopped wheat straw was included as 31.8% of dry matter (DM) in a control diet (CON; 1.21 Mcal of NEL/kg of DM; 14% CP). Multiparous and primiparous cows assigned to OVR gained body condition during the dry period [initial body condition score (BCS) = 3.3], but were not overconditioned by parturition (BCS = 3.5). Multiparous cows in the OVR group lost more BCS postpartum than multiparous RES or CON cows. Primiparous cows lost similar amounts of BCS among dietary treatment groups postpartum. Addition of chopped wheat straw to CON diets prevented a large decrease in DMI prepartum in both primiparous and multiparous cows. During the first 3 wk postpartum, DMI as a percentage of BW was lower for multiparous OVR cows than for multiparous RES cows. Prepartum diet effects did not carry over through the entire 8-wk lactation period. Because of greater mobilization of body stores, OVR cows had greater milk fat percentage and greater 3.5% fat-corrected milk yield during the first 3 wk postpartum. Multiparous cows assigned to OVR experienced a 55% decrease in energy balance and primiparous cows a 40% decrease in energy balance during the last 3 wk before parturition, compared with CON or RES cows that had little change. Multiparous cows fed OVR had a greater contribution of energy from body energy reserves to milk energy output than either CON or RES cows. Overfeeding energy prepartum resulted in large changes in periparturient energy balance. Even in the absence of overconditioning, a large change in DMI and energy balance prepartum influenced postpartum DMI and BCS loss, especially for multiparous cows. Chopped wheat straw was effective at controlling energy intake prepartum, although primiparous cows did not achieve predicted DMI. Even so, controlling or restricting energy intake in primiparous cows was not detrimental to lactational performance over the first 8 wk of lactation.
Saturated fatty acid biomarkers and risk of cardiometabolic diseases: A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background and aims: Evidence regarding associations of circulating saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with chronic diseases is mixed. The objective of this study was to determine the associations between total or individual SFA biomarkers and the risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: Four electronic databases were searched from inception to March 2022. Three investigators independently assessed for inclusion and extracted data. Random-effects or fixed-effects models was used to estimate the pooled relative risks (RRs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association of total or individual SFA biomarkers, including even-chain SFAs (e.g., 14:0, myristic acid; 16:0, palmitic acid; 18:0, stearic acid), odd-chain SFAs (e.g., 15:0, pentadecanoic acid; 17:0, margaric acid) and very-long-chain SFAs (VLCSFAs; e.g., 20:0, arachidic acid; 22:0, behenic acid; 24:0, lignoceric acid), with risk of incident type 2 diabetes (T2D), cardiovascular disease [CVD; coronary heart disease (CHD) inclusive of stroke], CHD and stroke. Results: A total of 49 prospective studies reported in 45 articles were included. Higher concentration of circulating total SFAs was associated with an increasing risk of cardiometabolic diseases, the risk increased significantly by 50% for CVD (95%CI:1.31-1.71), 63% for CHD (95%CI:1.38-1.94), 38% for stroke (95%CI:1.05-1.82), respectively. Similarly, levels of even-chain SFAs were positively associated with higher risk of chronic diseases, with RRs ranging from 1.15 to 1.43. In contrast, the risk of cardiometabolic diseases was reduced with increasing odd-chain SFA levels, with RRs ranging from 0.62 to 0.91. A higher level of VLCSFAs corresponded to 19% reduction in CVD. Further dose-response analysis indicated that each 50% increment in percentage of total SFAs in circulating was associated with an 8% higher risk of T2D (RR: 1.08, 95%CI: 1.02-1.14) and trends toward higher risk of CVD (RR: 1.15, 95%CI: 0.98-1.34). Inverse linear relationships were observed between 17:0 biomarker and T2D or CVD risk. Conclusion: Our findings support the current recommendations of reducing intake of saturated fat as part of healthy dietary patterns. Further studies are needed to confirm our findings on these SFAs in relation to cardiometabolic outcomes and to elucidate underlying mechanisms.
Topical fat reduction from the waist; Objective: Topical fat reduction from the thigh in women using aminophylline cream has been demonstrated, but the local fat reduction in other body areas or in men by lowering the local lipolytic threshold has not been demonstrated. This study is designed to test the hypothesis that aminophylline cream application to the waist will reduce waist circumference compared with a control.
DIETARY LINOLEATE AND BLOOD-PRESSURE; Healthy volunteers (100 males and 61 females) were at random assigned to 2 dietary groups. Group A (81 participants) was given a balanced diet allowing a daily intake of 6 g of linoleic acid, group B was allowed 45 g of linoleic acid per day. The groups were quite homogeneous in their professional and economic status, the average age of the males was 45 .+-. 9, that of the females 47 .+-. 8 yr. They had normal blood pressure, normal cardiac status and no detectable circulatory disturbances. Persons  receiving medication were not accepted. A series of various parameters was studied before the start of the experiments and subsequently, 6 times in weekly intervals. Blood samples were taken before breakfast after a 12 h fast. The patients were divided into normolipemic groups and those belonging to types II and IV according to Fredrickson classification; the diets were carefully planned, they were repeatedly analyzed and were readily accepted by the participants. They caused no ill effects. During the hospitalization 4 persons belonging to group A and 9 of group B were excluded leaving 148 cases for final evaluation. No circulatory episodes (infarctions, strokes or peripheral arterial occlusions) or other complications occurred. For the statistical evaluation of the data nonparametric tests were used because it could not be assumed that the groups were normally constituted. The U test of Wilcoxon, Mann and Whitney and the Chi-square test with Yates'' correlation (n > 20) or that of Fisher (n < 20) was used. No decrease of blood pressures after the intake of the linoleic acid rich diet was observed. This was true when all patients belonging to the 2 groups were studied or when subgroups were formed in which participants with the same classification according to Fredrickson were included. In group B, the linoleic acid content of blood lipids was elevated but total cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were reduced. In the persons of Fredrickson type II of group B, the decrease in total serum cholesterol and apolipoprotein B was particularly outspoken. For the 0.1-0.2% of the adult population suffering from familiar hypercholesterolemia and the 3-5% afflicted with secondary hypercholesterolemia a serum cholesterol depressing effect can be expected from the administration of large amounts of linoleate. The results do not justify the replacement of animal fats (butter) by vegetable fats for the  majority of the population.
Change in fatty acid composition of serum lipids in obese females after short-term weight-reducing regimen with the addition of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in comparison to controls; Short-term weight-reducing regimens were shown to influence fatty acid composition of serum lipids unfavorably. Adding long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC PUFA) to a low-calorie diet (LCD) could avoid these changes. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of a short-term in-patient weight-reducing regimen including LCD with yogurt enriched by low doses of n-3 PUFA (n-3 LCD). The enriched yogurt contained 790 mg of fish oil, predominantly eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3; DHA). Forty obese women were randomly assigned to the group consuming LCD and joghurt either with or without n-3 enrichment. Following the 3-week diet in the n-3 LCD group a significantly higher increase in the proportion of n-3 LC PUFA (sum of n-3 FA, EPA and DHA) in serum lipids was confirmed. In phospholipids (PL) a significant difference in the sum of n-6 fatty acids was found, a decrease in the n-3 LCD group and an increase in LCD group. Significantly higher increase in the PL palmitate (16:0) was shown in the LCD group. The results suggest that low doses of n-3 fatty acid enrichment can help to avoid unfavorable changes in fatty acid composition in serum lipids after a short-term weight-reducing regimen.
Clustering of adherence to personalised dietary recommendations and changes in healthy eating index within the Food4Me study; Objective: To characterise clusters of individuals based on adherence to dietary recommendations and to determine whether changes in Healthy Eating Index (HEI) scores in response to a personalised nutrition (PN) intervention varied between clusters.
The effect of using synbiotic on weight loss, body fat percentage and anthropometric measures in obese women; Objective: This is a randomly controlled, synchronously done, single-blind study which aims to investigate the effects of synbiotic use on anthropometric measurements and energy intake. Materials and Methods: Sixty-one not compliant with diet and exercise recommendations, sedentary obese women (BMI: 30-39.9 kg/m(2)) who fulfilled inclusion criteria, aged between 18 and 48 randomly categorized into synbiotic(n=30) or control(n=31) group. The synbiotic and control groups consumed 1 synbiotic capsule/day or 1 placebo capsule/day during 6 weeks, respectively, without changing the ongoing diet. Anthropometric measurements (body weight, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, waist / hip ratio and body fat ratio) are done at the beginning, at 3th week and at 6th week. Also, 24 hours of their food consumption are recorded at the beginning of the study and once a week during the study. Results: Repeated measurements of body weight, body fat ratio, waist circumference, hip circumference, and the calculations of body mass index and waist/hip ratio are analyzed with mixed effect linear model and therefore, the interaction terms with group and time effects are not found significantly (p> 0.05). No difference (increase or decrease) are observed in energy intake of participants in two groups at the beginning and during the study (p> 0.05). Conclusion: Synbiotic supplement did not change antropometric measures, body composition and daily energy intake in not compliant with diet and exercise recommendations obese women. Further studies are needed to indicate the effects of Synbiotic use in obesity treatment.
Dietary supplementation with fish oil and safflower oil, during the finishing period, alters brisket muscle fatty acid profile and n-6/n-3 ratio but not carcass traits of dairy beef bulls; Objective: With increases in the global population, there is a need to identify strategies that increase beef output while maintaining or improving health benefits of beef products. Studies have demonstrated that there are many benefits to human health in response to reducing the dietary ratio of n-6 to n-3. The aim of this study was to characterize the carcass characteristics and brisket muscle fatty acid profile of young dairy-bred bulls following dietary supplementation with n-6 or n-3 PUFA.
Mediterranean-style diet for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Overfeeding energy upregulates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (<i>PPAR</i>)y-controlled adipogenic and lipolytic gene networks but does not affect proinflammatory markers in visceral and subcutaneous adipose depots of Holstein cows; Our objective was to determine the effects of overfeeding energy on gene expression in mesenteric (MAT), omental (OAT), and subcutaneous (SAT) adipose tissue (AT) from nonpregnant and nonlactating Holstein cows. Eighteen cows were randomly assigned to either a low energy [LE, net energy for lactation (NEL) = 1.35 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM)] or high energy (HE, NEL = 1.62 Mcal/kg of DM) diets for 8 wk. Cows were then euthanized and subsamples of MAT, OAT, and SAT were harvested for transcript profiling via quantitative PCR of 34 genes involved in lipogenesis, triacylglycerol (TAG) synthesis, lipolysis, lactate signaling, transcription regulation, and inflammation. The interaction of dietary energy and AT depot was only significant for LPL, which indicated a consistent response among the 3 sites. The expression of key genes related to de novo fatty acid synthesis (FASN) and desaturation (SCD) was upregulated by HE compared with LE. Other genes associated with those processes, such as ACLY, ACACA, ELOVL6, FABP4, GPAM, and LPIN1, were numerically upregulated by HE. The expression of lipolytic (PNPLA2 and ABHD5) genes was upregulated and the antilypolytic lactate receptor HCAR1 was downregulated with HE compared with LE. The putative transcription regulator THRSP was upregulated and the transcription regulator PPARG tended to be upregulated by HE, whereas SREBF1 was downregulated. Among adipocytokines, HE tended to upregulate the expression of CCL2, whereas IL6R was downregulated. Overall, results indicated that overfeeding energy may increase AT mass at least in part by stimulating transcription of the network encompassing key genes associated with de novo synthesis. In response to energy overfeeding, the expression of PPARG rather than SREBF1 was closely associated with most adipogenic or lipogenic genes. However, the transcriptional activity of these regulators needs to be verified to confirm their role in the regulation of adipogenesis or lipogenesis in bovine AT. Overfeeding energy also may predispose cows to greater lipolytic potential by stimulating expression of TAG hydrolysis genes while inhibiting signaling via hydroxycarboxylic acid receptor (HCAR1), which is a novel antilipolytic regulator. Our results do not support an overt inflammatory response in adipose tissues in response to an 8-wk energy overfeeding.
Skipping Breakfast Before Exercise Creates a More Negative 24-hour Energy Balance: A Randomized Controlled Trial in Healthy Physically Active Young Men; Background: At rest, omission of breakfast lowers daily energy intake, but also lowers energy expenditure, attenuating any effect on energy balance. The effect of breakfast omission on energy balance when exercise is prescribed is unclear.
Effects of different fractions of whey protein on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in type 2 diabetes; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exacerbated postprandial lipid responses are associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. Dietary proteins influence postprandial lipemia differently, and whey protein has a preferential lipid-lowering effect. We compared the effects of different whey protein fractions on postprandial lipid and hormone responses added to a high-fat meal in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Effect of systemic adenosine on pain and secondary hyperalgesia associated with the heat/capsaicin sensitization model in healthy volunteers; Background and objectives: Adenosine is an endogenous compound that may have analgesic effects. Results from clinical trials are not consistent, however, and there is a need for large-scale, randomized, placebo-controlled studies to clarify the role of adenosine in the treatment of pain states, including acute nociceptive pain and pain involving central sensitization.
Nutrition and physical activity transitions in the Ecuadorian Andes: Differences among urban and rural-dwelling women; Objectives: The nutrition and physical activity transitions, characterized by increased consumption of high energy density foods and more sedentary lifestyles, are associated with increased obesity and hypertension in Ecuador. These transitions have been characterized primarily in urban areas, which may neglect variation in specific rural areas of Ecuador. Therefore we examined the extent of the differences in dietary and activity patterns, obesity prevalence, and blood pressure (BP) in urban and rural-dwelling women in the Ecuadorian central highlands.
Effects of sugar-sweetened soda on plasma saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids in individuals with obesity: A randomized study; Background: High carbohydrate, i.e., sugars, intake potentially drives the liver into a lipogenic state leading to elevated plasma fatty acids. Excessive intake of saturated fat and sugar-sweetened soda induces liver fat accumulation, but studying the effect of high intake from sugar-sweetened soda on the de novo lipogenesis (DNL) fatty acids in long-term randomized trials is lacking. Objective: To study the effect of consuming 1 L/day of sugar-sweetened soda, semi-skimmed milk (milk), aspartame-sweetened soda or water over 24 weeks on DNL-derived fatty acids (i.e., palmitate (primary outcome) and other saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids), and markers of stearoyl-CoA desaturase activity (SCD1) in plasma phospholipids (PL), cholesteryl esters (CE), and triglycerides (TG). Design and methods: A randomized parallel study was conducted simultaneously at Aarhus University Hospital and Copenhagen University, Denmark, including (n = 41) individuals aged 20-50 years, with BMI of 26-40 kg/m(2), and without diabetes. The groups consisted of 9 individuals in the sugar-sweetened soda, 10 in the milk, 11 in the aspartame-sweetened soda, and 11 in the water. The change at 24 weeks was assessed and compared across the groups using ANCOVA and mixed-effects models. Correlations of fatty acid changes with liver fat accumulation (magnetic resonance imaging) were explored. Results: After 24 weeks, the groups differed in palmitate proportions in PL, oleate in CE and PL, and palmitoleate and SCD1 in all fractions (p < 0.05). Compared with water, the relative proportion of palmitate in PL increased by approximately 1% during both sugar-sweetened soda (p = 0.011) and milk (p = 0.006), whereas oleate and palmitoleate increased only during sugar-sweetened soda (CE 2.77%, p < 0.001; PL 1.51%, p = 0.002 and CE 1.46%, PL 0.24%, TG 1.31%, all p < 0.001, respectively). Liver fat accumulation correlated consistently with changes in palmitoleate, whereas correlations with palmitate and oleate were inconsistent across lipid fractions. Conclusions: Although both sugar-sweetened soda and milk increased palmitate in PL, only excess intake of sugar-sweetened soda increased palmitoleate in all lipid fractions and correlated with liver fat. In contrast, isocaloric milk intake did not increase plasma monounsaturated fatty acids.
<i>Bifidobacterium</i><i> longum</i> CCFM1077 Attenuates Hyperlipidemia by Modulating the Gut Microbiota Composition and Fecal Metabolites: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; An increasing number of studies have indicated that gut microbiota and its metabolites are crucial in the development of hyperlipidemia. Bifidobacterium longum (B. longum) CCFM1077 has been shown to have lipid-lowering effects in animals. This study aimed to evaluate the potential of B. longum CCFM1077 in lowering the lipid levels in patients with hyperlipidemia and investigate the effect of this bacterium on serum lipid abnormalities, gut microbiota, and fecal metabolites in these patients. This study was a six-week, randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled pilot clinical trial. Subjects with hyperlipidemia (N = 62) were randomly assigned to receive placebo (N = 31) or B. longum CCFM1077 (1 x 10(10) colony-forming units (CFUs) per day; N = 31). Serum lipid levels including total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total triglyceride (TG), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were examined at the baseline and interventional endpoints. Changes in the gut microbiota composition and diversity were measured based on 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequencing of the V3-V4 region at the end of the intervention period. Non-targeted metabolomics of the feces was performed using ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC)-Q-Exactive Orbitrap/mass spectrometer. Oral administration of B. longum CCFM1077 for six weeks significantly decreased the serum levels of TC (p < 0.01) and LDL-C (p < 0.01) in patients with hyperlipidemia. B. longum CCFM1077 treatment markedly increased gut microbiota diversity and the relative abundance of anti-obesity-related genera, including Lactobacillus, Butyricicoccus, Bifidobacterium, and Blautia, whereas it decreased the relative abundance of obesity-related genera, including Alistipes, Megamonas, and Catenibacterium. Additionally, some key metabolites (bile acids (BAs), biotin, and caffeine) and their corresponding metabolic pathways (primary BA biosynthesis, and taurine and hypotaurine, biotin, purine, and caffeine metabolisms) were enriched by B. longum CCFM1077, and thus it may lower lipid levels. B. longum CCFM1077 is a probiotic strain with the potential to lower serum TC and LDL-C levels patients with hyperlipidemia. The underlying mechanism may be related to the increased abundance of anti-obesity-related genera and fecal metabolites. These findings provide a foundation for future clinical applications of lipid-lowering probiotics in managing individuals with hyperlipidemia.
Dietary Protein Level and Source Differentially Affect Bone Metabolism, Strength, and Intestinal Calcium Transporter Expression during Ad Libitum and Food-Restricted Conditions in Male Rats; High-protein (HP) diets may attenuate bone loss during energy restriction. The objective of the current study was to determine whether HP diets suppress bone turnover and improve bone quality in male rats during food restriction and whether dietary protein source affects this relation. Eighty 12-wk-old male Sprague Dawley rats were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 4 study diets under ad libitum (AL) control or restricted conditions [40% food restriction (FR)]: 1) 10% [normal-protein (NP)] milk protein; 2 32% (HP) milk protein; 10% (NP) soy protein; or 4) 32% (HP) soy protein. After 16 wk, markers of bone turnover, volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD), microarchitecture, strength, and expression of duodenal calcium channels were assessed. FR increased bone turnover and resulted in lower femoral trabecular bone volume (P < 0.05), higher cortical bone surface (P < 0.001), and reduced femur length (P < 0.01), bending moment (P < 0.05), and moment of inertia (P = 0.001) compared with AL. HP intake reduced bone turnover and tended to suppress parathyroid hormone (PTH) (P = 0.06) and increase trabecular vBMD (P < 0.05) compared with NP but did not affect bone strength. Compared with milk, soy suppressed PTH (P < 0.05) and increased cortical vBMD (P < 0.05) and calcium content of the femur (P < 0.01) but did not affect strength variables. During AL conditions, transient receptor potential cation channel, subfamily V, member 6 was higher for soy than milk (P < 0.05) and HP compared with NP (P < 0.05). These data demonstrate that both HP and soy diets suppress PTH, and HP attenuates bone turnover and increases vBMD regardless of FR, although these differences do not affect bone strength. The effects of HP and soy may be due in part to enhanced intestinal calcium transporter expression.
The Effect of Diet on Breast Cancer Recurrence: The DIANA-5 Randomized Trial; Purpose: The DIANA-5 randomized controlled trial assessed the effectiveness of a diet based on Mediterranean and macrobiotic traditions (macro-Mediterranean diet) in reducing breast cancer recurrence.Patients and Methods: The DIANA-5 study involved 1,542 patients with breast cancer at high risk of recurrence because of estrogen receptor-negative cancer, or metabolic syndrome, or high plasma levels of insulin or testosterone. Women were randomly assigned to an active dietary intervention (IG) or a control group (CG). Both groups received the 2007 American Institute for Cancer Research/World Cancer Research Fund recommendations for cancer prevention. The intervention consisted of meetings with kitchen classes, community meals, and dietary recommendations. Recommended foods included whole grain cereals, legumes, soy products, vegetables, fruit, nuts, olive oil, and fish. Foods to be avoided were refined products, potatoes, sugar and desserts, red and processed meat, dairy products, and alcoholic drinks. A compliance Dietary Index was defined by the difference between recommended and discouraged foods.Results: Over the 5 years of follow-up, 95 patients of the IG and 98 of the CG developed breast cancer recurrence [HR = 0.99; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.69-1.40]. The analysis by compliance to the dietary recommendations (IG and CG together) showed that the women in the upper tertile of Dietary Index change had an HR of recurrence of 0.59 (95% CI: 0.36-0.92) compared with women in the lower tertile.Conclusions: The DIANA-5 dietary intervention trial failed to show a reduction in breast cancer recurrence, although self-reported diet at year 1 in IG and CG combined showed a protective association with the higher Dietary Index change. See related commentary by McTiernan, p. 931Conclusions: The DIANA-5 dietary intervention trial failed to show a reduction in breast cancer recurrence, although self-reported diet at year 1 in IG and CG combined showed a protective association with the higher Dietary Index change. See related commentary by McTiernan, p. 931
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between body size and testicular cancer; BACKGROUND: Studies assessing the relationships of anthropometry and testicular germ-cell tumour (TGCT) have reported heterogeneous findings.
Effect of Cheese Intake on Cardiovascular Diseases and Cardiovascular Biomarkers; Background: A growing number of cohort studies revealed an inverse association between cheese intake and cardiovascular diseases, yet the causal relationship is unclear. Objective: To assess the causal relationship between cheese intake, and cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular biomarkers. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis based on publicly available genome-wide association studies was employed to infer the causal relationship. The effect estimates were calculated using the random-effects inverse-variance-weighted method. Results: Cheese intake per standard deviation increase causally reduced the risks of type 2 diabetes (odds ratio (OR) = 0.46; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.34-0.63; p = 1.02 x 10(-6)), heart failure (OR = 0.62; 95% CI, 0.49-0.79; p = 0.0001), coronary heart disease (OR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.53-0.79; p = 2.01 x 10(-5)), hypertension (OR = 0.67; 95% CI, 0.53-0.84; p = 0.001), and ischemic stroke (OR = 0.76; 95% CI, 0.63-0.91; p = 0.003). Suggestive evidence of an inverse association between cheese intake and peripheral artery disease was also observed. No associations were observed for atrial fibrillation, cardiac death, pulmonary embolism, or transient ischemic attack. The better prognosis associated with cheese intake may be explained by lower body mass index (BMI; effect estimate = -0.58; 95% CI, from -0.88 to -0.27; p = 0.0002), waist circumference (effect estimate = -0.49; 95% CI, from -0.76 to -0.23; p = 0.0003), triglycerides (effect estimate = -0.33; 95% CI, from -0.50 to -0.17; p = 4.91 x 10(-5)), and fasting glucose (effect estimate = -0.20; 95% CI, from -0.33 to -0.07; p = 0.0003). There was suggestive evidence of a positive association between cheese intake and high-density lipoprotein. No influences were observed for blood pressure or inflammation biomarkers. Conclusions: This two-sample MR analysis found causally inverse associations between cheese intake and type 2 diabetes, heart failure, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and ischemic stroke.
Effect of dietary supplementation with either conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) or linoleic acid rich oil on the CLA content of lamb tissues; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is produced in the rumen by isomerization of linoleic acid and has been shown to be a potent anticarcinogen in animal model studies. The objective of this study was to compare the relative increase in the CLA content of lamb tissues by dietary CLA supplementation (0.33 g/d for 21 days prior to weaning) to milk-replacer of preruminant lambs or by feeding linoleic acid rich oil (Safflower oil, 6% DM-SAFF) to weaned ruminating lambs with that of lambs receiving unsupplemented milk-replacer and pelleted feed. Thirteen lambs were randomized to three dietary treatments (CLA-4, SAFF-4 and Control-5) and fed the pelleted diet for 80 days after weaning. Lambs were slaughtered at an average weight of 45 kg and tissue samples were procured from pars costalis diaphragmatis, leg, rib, subcutaneous adipose and liver for determination of fat and CLA content and fatty acid composition. Dietary supplementation with safflower oil increased fat content of subcutaneous adipose tissue only, but the CLA content of all the tissues was increased (P < 0.05) by more than 200%. Dietary safflower oil increased (P < 0.05) C18:2 in all tissues and C16:0 in the diaphragm, and decreased (P < 0.05) C18:1 and C18:3 content in all tissues. Supplementation of the diet with pre-formed CLA prior to weaning decreased (P < 0.05) fat content of the adipose tissue with decreases occurring in C18:0 relative to animals receiving the unsupplemented diet, however, tissue CLA content was not affected by provision of dietary CLA to pre-ruminant lambs, Results indicated that supplementation of lamb feedlot diets with a source of linoleic acid was a successful method of increasing CLA content of tissues. Crown copyright (C) 2000 Published by Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Diet and gout - what is the role of purines?; Anecdotally, consumption of 'rich' foods and drinks, such as cheese and port, has been associated with the development of gout, a painful condition linked to high serum uric acid which normally affects joints in the extremities, such as toes. Risk factors for gout include obesity, genetics and use of certain medications, and men appear to be more at risk. In addition, sufferers report that certain foods trigger gout flares, although there is a paucity of evidence from randomised controlled trials investigating the effect of specific foods on circulating uric acid. Observational studies have consistently identified a positive relationship between gout and some, but not all, foods higher in compounds known as purines, which have been demonstrated to increase serum uric acid in their purified form under controlled conditions. This evidence indicates that foods which should be avoided or consumed infrequently by gout sufferers are offal, seafood and alcohol, especially beer, whereas dairy foods seem to be protective. Current dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of gout share common features and largely reflect international healthy eating guidelines, but differences exist in terms of reference to particular foods or nutrients such as fructose, vitamin C and cherries. More randomised controlled trials are needed to fully ascertain the effects of dietary components on gout risk and to generate more consistent guidelines.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome; Objectives: The relationship between gut microflora and metabolic syndrome components such as obesity, low-grade chronic systemic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and altered glucose metabolism is now acknowledged. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Prior experience with a pain stimulus as a predictor of placebo analgesia; Placebo effects are important in pain reduction, but the effects are inconsistent. Prior experience with a pain stimulus may moderate placebo analgesia. The current study tests the effect of prior experience with a pain stimulus on placebo analgesia during a laboratory pain task. Healthy normotensive undergraduates (66 women, 68 men) who either did or did not report prior experience with pain from submerging a limb in cold water were enrolled. In the laboratory, an experimenter applied an inert, medicinal-smelling cream to participants' non-dominant hand. Participants randomized to the no-expectation group were told that the cream was a hand cleanser. Participants randomized to the placebo expectation group were told that the cream would reduce the pain associated with the cold pressor task. Participants then completed the cold pressor task and reported their pain on the short form of the McGill Pain Questionnaire. Analysis of variance revealed a main effect of expectation (p < .05), such that participants in the placebo expectation group reported less pain. An interaction was also found between expectation and prior experience (p < .05), such that participants with prior experience with pain from cold water immersion showed no difference in pain reports between expectation groups. In a pain context, prior experience with the pain stimulus may prevent a placebo expectation from reducing the experience of pain.
The Mediterranean Diet, Its Microbiome Connections, and Cardiovascular Health: A Narrative Review; The Mediterranean diet (MD), rich in minimally processed plant foods and in monounsaturated fats but low in saturated fats, meat, and dairy products, represents one of the most studied diets for cardiovascular health. It has been shown, from both observational and randomized controlled trials, that MD reduces body weight, improves cardiovascular disease surrogates such as waist-to-hip ratios, lipids, and inflammation markers, and even prevents the development of fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, and other diseases. However, it is unclear whether it offers cardiovascular benefits from its individual components or as a whole. Furthermore, limitations in the methodology of studies and meta-analyses have raised some concerns over its potential cardiovascular benefits. MD is also associated with characteristic changes in the intestinal microbiota, mediated through its constituents. These include increased growth of species producing short-chain fatty acids, such as Clostridium leptum and Eubacterium rectale, increased growth of Bifidobacteria, Bacteroides, and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii species, and reduced growth of Firmicutes and Blautia species. Such changes are known to be favorably associated with inflammation, oxidative status, and overall metabolic health. This review will focus on the effects of MD on cardiovascular health through its action on gut microbiota.
The effects of beverages on plaque acidogenicity after a sugary challenge; Background. Caries prevention traditionally has emphasized the restriction of cariogenic foods and beverages, but it has placed less emphasis on how the choice, combination and sequence of consumed foods and beverages may help reduce plaque acidogenicity. The authors conducted a study to examine whether whole milk, 100 percent apple juice or tap water affect dental plaque acidity in people after a sugary challenge.
Empirically-derived food patterns and the risk of total mortality and cardiovascular events in the PREDIMED study; Background & aims: There is little evidence on post hoc-derived dietary patterns (DP) and all-cause mortality in Southern-European populations. Furthermore, the potential effect modification of a DP by a nutritional intervention has not been sufficiently assessed. We assessed the association between a posteriori defined baseline major DP and total mortality or cardiovascular events within each of the three arms of a large primary prevention trial (PREDIMED) where participants were randomized to two active interventions with Mediterranean-type diets or to a control group (allocated to a low-fat diet).
Overfeeding a moderate energy diet prepartum does not impair bovine subcutaneous adipose tissue insulin signal transduction and induces marked changes in peripartal gene network expression; Mechanisms regulating subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) insulin sensitivity and gene network expression during the peripartal period were evaluated in cows fed to meet or exceed prepartal energy requirements. Holstein cows were dried off at -50 d relative to expected parturition and fed a controlled-energy diet [CON; net energy for lactation = 1.24 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM); 36% of DM as wheat straw] until -21 d. Cows were then randomly assigned (n = 7/diet) to either the same CON diet or a moderate-energy close-up diet (OVE; net energy for lactation = 1.47 Mcal/kg of DM) until parturition. Biopsies of SAT were harvested at -10, 7, and 21 d for mRNA expression of 48 genes associated with insulin signaling, adipogenesis, and lipolysis. In vitro basal and insulin-stimulated insulin receptor substrate 1 tyrosine phosphorylation (IRS1-PY) was assessed at -10 and 7 d. The OVE led to more positive energy balance and greater serum insulin concentration prepartum. Compared with CON, OVE led to a more drastic increase in serum NEFA and also greater overall serum BHBA postcalving, both of which were associated with greater hepatic total lipid and triacylglycerol concentration. Close-up OVE did not improve any aspect of performance. In prepartal SAT, insulin-stimulated IRS1-PY was greater in OVE than in CON. However, IRS1-PY, serum insulin, and GLUT4 expression decreased postpartum regardless of prepartal treatment, suggesting a more severe state of insulin resistance. The expression of all genes encoding adipogenic regulators (PPARG and ZFP423), most lipogenic enzymes/inducers (FASN, SCD, DGAT2, and INSIG1), and basal-lipolysis regulators (ATGL and ABDH5) was greater at 10 d in OVE than in CON. Whereas adipogenic and basal lipolysis regulator expression remained greater in cows fed OVE by 7 d postpartum, expression of all lipogenic enzymes decreased regardless of diet. Despite those responses, the approximately 3-fold increase in expression of IRS1 and ZFP423 between 7 and 21 d suggested that insulin responsiveness and adipogenic capacity of SAT were partially restored. Expression of the preadipocyte marker DLK1, adiponutrin (PNPLA3), and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) was undetectable. Results suggested that close-up energy overfeeding did not exacerbate insulin resistance in SAT. Signs of restored insulin responsiveness (upregulation of IRS1, INSIG2, SREBF1, and ZFP423) were apparent as early as 3 wk postpartum. Thus, identifying specific nutrients capable of activating PPAR gamma after calving in AT might help accelerate its replenishment. A regulatory network encompassing the genes and physiological measurements obtained is proposed.
Effects of food attributes on hunger and food intake; OBJECTIVE: To explore the relative importance of a food's macronutrient composition, energy value, energy density, fiber content, weight, volume, sensory properties and rheology on hunger and food intake.
Dietary reference values for potassium; Following a request from the European Commission, the EFSA Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies (NDA) derives dietary reference values (DRVs) for potassium. The Panel decides to set DRVs on the basis of the relationships between potassium intake and blood pressure and stroke. The Panel considers that randomised controlled trials and an observational cohort study carried out in a European adult population provide evidence that a potassium intake of 3,500 mg (90 mmol)/day has beneficial effects on blood pressure in adults. Furthermore, there is consistent evidence from observational cohort studies that potassium intakes below 3,500 mg/day are associated with a higher risk of stroke. Available data cannot be used to determine the average requirement of potassium but can be used as a basis for deriving an adequate intake (AI). A potassium intake of 3,500 mg/day is considered adequate for the adult population and an AI of 3,500 mg/day for adult men and women is proposed. For infants and children, the AIs are extrapolated from the AI for adults by isometric scaling and including a growth factor. An AI of 750 mg (19 mmol)/day is set for infants aged 7-11 months. For children, AIs from 800 mg (20 mmol)/day (1-3 years old) to 3,500 mg/day (15-17 years old) are set. Considering that the daily accretion rate of potassium in fetal and maternal tissues can be met by the adaptive changes which maintain potassium homeostasis during pregnancy, the AI set for adults applies to pregnant women. For lactating women, the amount of potassium needed to compensate for the losses of potassium through breast milk is estimated and an AI of 4,000 mg (102 mmol)/day is proposed. (C) 2016 European Food Safety Authority. EFSA Journal published by John Wiley and Sons Ltd on behalf of European Food Safety Authority.
Beverage Policy Implementation by Child and Adult Care Food Program Participation and Program Type: A Statewide Examination in Georgia; Background: The child care setting is a promising venue to establish healthy habits and promote obesity prevention. One major contributor to weight gain among young children is high intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs). Increasing access to water and other healthy beverages is a viable strategy to reduce childhood obesity. The goal of our study was to investigate implementation of the beverage policies in child care programs in Georgia (GA) by Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) participation and program type.
Beneficial effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on some cardiovascular risk factors among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A grade-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Previous studies suggested that probiotics/synbiotics administration exerts some beneficial effects on cardiometabolic risk factors. However, the results from trials have been inconsistent. This study aimed to identify the impact of probiotic and synbiotic supplements on cardiovascular health factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and prediabetes We searched PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Scopus up to February 2022 to identify eligible RCTs. Estimating 95 % confidence (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumferences (WC), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), the random-effects model was used. In the current meta-analysis, 54 RCTs were included. With the probiotic/synbiotics intervention, several parameters changed significantly, including weight (WMD: -0.38, 95 % CI: -0.63 to -0.12 Kg), TG (WMD:-19.08, 95 % CI: -27.65 to-10.51 mg/ dl), TC (WMD: -10.46, 95 % CI: -15.19 to-5.72 mg/dl), LDL-C (WMD: -4.87, 95 % CI: -7.65 to-2.09 mg/dl), HDL-C (WMD: -2.70, 95 % CI: 1.33-4.07 mg/dl), SBP (WMD: -3.81, 95 % CI: -6.24 to-1.38 mmHg), and DBP (WMD: -2.01, 95 % CI: -3.12 to-0.91 mmHg). In the subgroup analysis, probiotics/synbiotics supplementation resulted in a greater change in lipid profile components in T2DM patients. Weight and BMI reduced only after synbiotic supplementation. We found that the administration of probiotics and synbiotics had beneficial effects on lipid profiles, anthropometric indices, and blood pressure in individuals with T2DM.
Partly Replacing Meat Protein with Soy Protein Alters Insulin Resistance and Blood Lipids in Postmenopausal Women with Abdominal Obesity; Increasing protein intake and soy consumption appear to be promising approaches to prevent metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the effect of soy consumption on insulin resistance, glucose homeostasis, and other characteristics of MetS is not frequently studied in humans. We aimed to investigate the effects of a 4-wk, strictly controlled, weight-maintaining, moderately high-protein diet rich in soy on insulin sensitivity and other cardiometabolic risk factors. We performed a randomized crossover trial of 2 4-wk diet periods in 15 postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity to test diets with 22 energy percent (En%) protein, 27 En% fat, and 50 En% carbohydrate. One diet contained protein of mixed origin (mainly meat, dairy, and bread), and the other diet partly replaced meat with soy meat analogues and soy nuts containing 30 g/d soy protein. For our primary outcome, a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) was performed at the end of both periods. Plasma total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and C-reactive protein were assessed, and blood pressure, arterial stiffness, and intrahepatic lipid content were measured at the start and end of both periods. Compared with the mixed-protein diet, the soy-protein diet resulted in greater insulin sensitivity [FSIGT: insulin sensitivity, 34 +/- 29 vs. 22 +/- 17 (mU/L)(-1) min, P = 0.048; disposition index, 4974 +/- 2543 vs. 2899 +/- 1878, P = 0.038; n = 111. Total cholesterol was 4% lower after the soy-protein diet than after the mixed-protein diet (4.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 5.1 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.001), and LDL cholesterol was 9% lower (2.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 3.2 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.004; n = 15). Thus, partly replacing meat with soy in a moderately high-protein diet has clear advantages regarding insulin sensitivity and total and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, partly replacing meat products with soy products could be important in preventing MetS. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01694056.
A whey-protein supplement increases fat loss and spares lean muscle in obese subjects: a randomized human clinical study; Background: This study evaluated a specialized whey fraction ( Prolibra (TM), high in leucine, bioactive peptides and milk calcium) for use as a dietary supplement to enhance weight loss.
Effect of vitamin E sources (RRR- or all-<i>rac</i>-α-tocopheryl acetate) and levels on sow reproductive performance, serum, tissue, and milk α-tocopherol contents over a five-parity period, and the effects on the progeny; Two dietary sources of vitamin E (DL-alpha-tocopheryl acetate [DL-alpha-TAc], or D-alpha-tocopheryl acetate [D-alpha-TAc]) at two dietary supplemental levels (30 vs 60 IU/kg) were evaluated in reproducing sows over a five-parity period. The experiment was a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments conducted as a randomized complete block in two replicates. A total of 48 gilts were fed their treatment diets from 40 kg BW through five parities, reflecting a total of 171 farrowings. Reproductive measurements of litter size, sow weight, and backfat thickness were collected. The incidence of mastitis-metritis-agalactia (MMA) and fluid discharge from the vagina were evaluated for each sow on each of the first 3 d postpartum. Sows were bled at periodic intervals during gestation and at weaning (21 d) and serum was frozen. After the fifth parity, two to four sows from each treatment group were killed and tissues collected. At birth, two to three neonatal pigs were killed from each sow treatment group within each parity and livers were collected and frozen. In addition, three pigs from each litter from three to four sows per treatment group within each parity were bled at weaning and serum was saved. Six pigs from each sow group at weaning of Parity 5 were also killed and livers were collected and frozen. Sow and pig sera and tissues were analyzed for alpha-tocopherol. There was no effect (P > .15) of vitamin E source or level on the various sow reproductive measurements, litter size, or the incidences of MMA or fluid discharges from the vagina. Feeding D-alpha-TAc compared with DL-alpha-TAc or 60 IU compared with 30 IU vitamin E/kg diet resulted in higher (P < .01) sow serum, colostrum,and milk alpha-tocopherol contents at each measurement period. Sow liver, adipose, lung, and heart alpha-tocopherol contents were also higher (P < .01) when the 60 IU vitamin E level had been fed. Both serum and liver alpha-tocopherol contents in 21-d-old nursing pigs were higher (P < .01) when the sow had been fed D-alpha-TAc compared with the DL-alpha-TAc source or when the 60 IU level had been fed. There were no vitamin E source x vitamin E level interactions (P > .15) for the various alpha-tocopherol measurements. Although the supplemental vitamin E sources were provided on an equivalent IU basis, these results suggest that D-alpha-TAc has a higher equivalency than DLa-alpha-TAc on an IU basis, but higher dietary levels also resulted in higher sow and pig alpha-tocopherol contents.
A new health promoting function of lactoferrin Visceral fat reduction by enteric-coated bovine lactoferrin; Lactoferrin (LF) is an iron-binding glycoprotein found in mammalian breast milk. Its function was initially thought to be immunostimulation or protection from infection because it is present in high concentration in breast milk. The aim of this review is to discuss about a role for LF in regulating lipid metabolism, especially visceral fat reduction. In recent years, several in vivo or human epidemiological studies have demonstrated that LF may modulate lipid metabolism. However, few intervention studies were reported to indicate the positive effect of LF on lipid metabolism. As a matter of course, LF is a protein and is easily degraded by pepsin in the stomach. So we hypothesized that pepsin degraded LF diminish the modulation activity of lipid metabolism. Then we adopted enteric coated LF tablet (eLF) and proved to reduce visceral fat accumulation by RCT. As an action mechanism of eLF, we speculate that LF reach the mesenteric fat, inhibit the lipid synthesis and promote the lipolysis of adipocytes and thereby reduce visceral fat accumulation.
Maternal low intensity physical exercise prevents obesity in offspring rats exposed to early overnutrition; Low intensity exercise during pregnancy and lactation may create a protective effect against the development of obesity in offspring exposed to overnutrition in early life. To test these hypotheses, pregnant rats were randomly assigned into 2 groups: Sedentary and Exercised, low intensity, on a rodent treadmill at 30% VO2Max /30-minute/session/3x/week throughout pregnancy and the lactation. Male offspring were raised in small litters (SL, 3 pups/dam) and normal litters (NL, 9 pups/dam) as models of early overnutrition and normal feed, respectively. Exercised mothers showed low mesenteric fat pad stores and fasting glucose and improved glucose-insulin tolerance, VO2max during lactation and sympathetic activity. Moreover, the breast milk contained elevated levels of insulin. In addition, SL of sedentary mothers presented metabolic dysfunction and glucose and insulin intolerance and were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic in adulthood. SL of exercised mothers showed lower fat tissue accretion and improvements in glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, insulinemia and glycemia. The results suggest that maternal exercise during the perinatal period can have a possible reprogramming effect to prevent metabolic dysfunction in adult rat offspring exposed to early overnutrition, which may be associated with the improvement in maternal health caused by exercise.
Oral Ingestion of <i>Aloe vera</i> Phytosterols Alters Hepatic Gene Expression Profiles and Ameliorates Obesity-Associated Metabolic Disorders in Zucker Diabetic Fatty Rats; We investigated the effects of the oral administration of lophenol (Lo) and cycloartanol (Cy), two kinds of antidiabetic phytosterol isolated from Aloe vera, on glucose and lipid metabolism in Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats. We demonstrated that the administrations of Lo and Cy suppressed random and fasting glucose levels and reduced visceral fat weights significantly. It was also observed that treatments with Lo and Cy decreased serum and hepatic lipid concentrations (triglyceride, nonesterified fatty acid, and total cholesterol). Additionally, Lo and Cy treatments resulted in a tendency for reduction in serum monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1) level and an elevation in serum adiponectin level. Furthermore, the expression levels of hepatic genes encoding gluconeogenic enzymes (G6 Pase, PEPCK), lipogenic enzymes (ACC, FAS), and SREBP-1 were decreased significantly by the administrations of aloe sterols. In contrast, Lo and Cy administration increased mRNA levels of glycolysis enzyme (GK) in the liver. It was also observed that the hepatic beta-oxidation enzymes (ACO, CPTI) and PPAR alpha expressions tended to increase in the livers of the Lo- and Cy-treated rats compared with those in ZDF-control rats. We therefore conclude that orally ingested aloe sterols altered the expressions of genes related to glucose and lipid metabolism, and ameliorated obesity-associated metabolic disorders in ZDF rats. These findings suggest that aloe sterols could be beneficial in preventing and improving metabolic disorders with obesity and diabetes in rats.
Identification of dietary patterns in urban population of Argentina: study on diet-obesity relation in population-based prevalence study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: In Argentina, obesity prevalence rose from 14.6% in 2005 to 20.8% in 2013. Although the number of studies on noncommunicable diseases and dietary patterns as a unique dietary exposure measure has increased, information on this topic remains scarce in developing countries. This is the first population-based study investigating the association between diet and obesity using a dietary pattern approach in Argentina. We aimed (a) to identify current dietary patterns of the population of Cordoba city, (b) to investigate its association with obesity prevalence, and (c) to identify and describe dietary patterns from the subgroup of people with obesity.
Nil Whey Protein Effect on Glycemic Control after Intense Mixed-Mode Training in Type 2 Diabetes; Although intense endurance and resistance exercise training and whey protein supplementation have both been shown to independently improve glycemic control, no known studies have examined the effect of high-intensity mixed-mode interval training (MMIT) and whey supplementation in adults with Type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Conjugated Linoleic Acids Reduce Body Fat in Healthy Postmenopausal Women; Isomers of conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reduce fat mass FM) and increase insulin sensitivity in some, but not all, murine studies. In humans, this effect is still debatable. In this study, we compared the effect of 2 CLA supplements on total and regional FM assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, changes in serum insulin and glucose concentrations, and adipose tissue (AT) gene expression in humans. In a double-blind, parallel, 16-wk intervention, we randomized 81 healthy postmenopausal women to 1) 5.5 g/d of 40/40% of cis9, trans11-CLA (c9, t11-CLA) and trans10, cis12-CLA (t10, c12-CLA) (CLA-mix); 2) cis9, trans11-CLA (c9, t11-CLA); or 3) control (olive oil). We assessed all variables before and after the intervention. The CLA-mix group had less total FM (4%) and lower-body FM (7%) than the control (P = 0.02 and < 0.001, respectively). Post hoc analyses showed that serum insulin concentrations were greater in the CLA-mix group (34%) than the control group (P = 0.02) in the highest waist circumference tertile only. AT mRNA expression of glucose transporter 4, leptin, and lipoprotein lipase was lower, whereas expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha was higher in the CLA-mix group than in the control group (P < 0.04). In conclusion, a 50:50 mixture of c9, t11- and t10, c12-CLA isomers resulted in less total and lower-body FM in postmenopausal women and greater serum insulin concentrations in the highest waist circumference tertile. Future research is needed to confirm the insulin desensitizing effect of the CLA mixture and the effect on the mRNA expression of adipocyte-specific genes in humans. J. Nutr. 139: 1347-1352, 2009.
Dietary intake of individuals receiving Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and food pantry assistance in North Texas; Objective: Food pantries and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) are widely available resources for individuals facing food insecurity, yet the dietary quality of individuals using both programmes is not well characterised. We describe the dietary intake of individuals in North Texas who use both food pantries and SNAP to identify nutritional gaps and opportunities to improve food assistance programmes. Design: We analysed baseline data from a randomised controlled trial examining food security and dietary intake. At baseline, we administered the validated, 26-item Dietary Screener Questionnaire (DSQ). We calculated descriptive statistics for dietary intake variables and compared with the 2020-2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommended intake values. Setting: Two large food pantries in Dallas County, TX. Participants: Eligible participants were English or Spanish speaking adults receiving SNAP benefits who had used the food pantry within the last 4 months. Results: We analysed baseline DSQ data from 320 participants (mean age 47 years; 90% female; 45% Black or African American; 37% Hispanic or Latino). Despite receiving SNAP benefits and food pantry assistance, most participants did not meet the minimum recommended intake values for fruits (88.4%), vegetables (97.4%), fibre (90 center dot 7%), whole grains (99 center dot 7%), dairy products (98 center dot 4%) and Ca (83 center dot 4%). Furthermore, 73 center dot 2% of participants exceeded the maximum recommended intake for added sugar. Still, the gap between median daily intake and recommended daily intake could be partially bridged with food obtained through current food assistance programmes. Conclusions: Multilevel, coordinated approaches within both SNAP and food pantry networks are needed to improve diet quality in individuals receiving food assistance.
Association Between Coffee Intake and Incident Heart Failure Risk A Machine Learning Analysis of the FHS, the ARIC Study, and the CHS; Background:
Inverse association between Paleolithic Diet Fraction and mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease in the prospective Malmö Diet and Cancer Study; PurposePaleolithic Diet Fraction (PDF) estimates how large a portion of the absolute dietary intake stems from food groups included in the Paleolithic diet. In randomized controlled trials higher PDFs have been associated with healthier levels of cardiometabolic risk markers. Our aim was to build upon these findings by examining associations between PDF and mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease in the prospective Malmo Diet and Cancer Study.MethodsPDF was calculated from an interview-based, modified diet history method, and associations were estimated by using multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression. The examined cohort consisted of 24,104 individuals (44-74 years, 63% women) without previous coronary events, diabetes, or stroke at baseline (1992-1996). A total of 10,092 individuals died during a median follow-up of 18 years.ResultsMedian PDF was 40% (0-90%). The adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for PDF as a continuous variable (from 0 to 100%) were for risk of death from all causes 0.55 [95% CI 0.45, 0.66], tumor 0.68 [95% CI 0.49, 0.93], cardiovascular 0.55 [95% CI 0.39, 0.78], respiratory 0.44 [95% CI 0.21, 0.90], neurological 0.26 [95% CI 0.11, 0.60], digestive, 0.10 [95% CI 0.03, 0.30], and other diseases 0.64 [95% CI 0.41, 1.00]. The corresponding HR for risk of coronary event was 0.61 [95% 0.43, 0.86], for ischemic stroke it was 0.73 [95% 0.48, 1.09] and for type 2 diabetes it was 0.82 [95% 0.61, 1.10].ConclusionObservational data suggest an inverse association between PDF and all-cause as well as cause-specific mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease.
Dietary Supplementation of Methyl Cedryl Ether Ameliorates Adiposity in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice; Methyl cedryl ether (MCE) is a derivative of cedrol and is widely used as a fragrance compound. The aim of this study was to evaluate the preventative effects of MCE on obesity and related metabolic syndromes and to delineate the mechanisms from the perspective of gut microbiota and white adipose tissues (WAT) transcriptomic profiles. Five-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were randomly assigned into 3 groups and fed with chow diet, high-fat diet (HFD), or HFD supplemented with 0.2% (w/w) MCE for 13 weeks. We found that MCE significantly reduced body weight, inhibited adipocyte hypertrophy, and ameliorated hepatic steatosis under HFD conditions. MCE dietary supplementation downregulated the expression of adipogenesis genes (FAS and C/EBP alpha) and upregulated the mRNA levels of thermogenesis genes (PGC-1 alpha, PRDM16, UCP1, Cidea, Cytc, and COX4) in epididymal WAT. 16S rRNA sequencing revealed that MCE improved gut microbiota dysbiosis in HFD-fed mice, as manifested by the alteration of strains associated with obesity. Further transcriptome analysis of WAT indicated that MCE dramatically changed the gene expression profiles. Our results demonstrate the anti-obesity effect of MCE under HFD conditions, highlighting the nutraceutical potential of MCE for preventing obesity.
Dynamics of Fat Absorption and Effect of Sham Feeding on Postprandial Lipema; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Given the importance of postprandial hyperlipidemia to increase risk for atherosclerosis, in the present study, stable isotope-labeled meals were fed to healthy subjects (7 males and 3 females) to investigate the kinetics chylomicron synthesis and the effect of sensory exposure to lipid on metabolism. METHODS: Subjects performed two, 24-hour inpatient studies that entailed consumption of a liquid formula evening meal containing 30 g of oil (+ C-13(2) triolein) on day 1. Breakfast (day 2) consisted of triacylglycerols (TAGs) fed as capsules (30 g oil + C-13(7) triolein) to avoid activation of mouth taste receptors. Next, modified sham feeding of cream cheese occurred over 2 hours. In the 2 trials, the stimulus was either higher fat (HF) or lower fat (LF) cream cheese. A liquid meal was consumed at lunch. Blood sampling occurred intermittently, and chylomicron particles S-f > 400 TAGs were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: C-13(2)-Label was found in fasting-state lipoproteins, and persons with higher body fat percentages showed greater dilution of meal TAGs from endogenous sources. For both trials, 13% +/- 4% of lipoprotein TAGs oleic acid was derived from the previous evening meal. Incremental area under the curve for TAGs during HF was similar to 2.5 times higher than after LF exposure (46 +/- 15 vs 17 +/- 5 mu mol/L/h; P = .04). The greater HF morning lipemia occurred with elevated glucose, insulin, and nonesterified fatty acids peak after lunch. CONCLUSIONS: These data support a connection between enteral lipid metabolism and oral fat exposure, resulting in elevated postprandial lipemia. The results suggest that the intestine may participate in a mechanism coordinating oral fat signaling with control of subsequent macronutrient disposal in the body.
Endogenous GLP1 and GLP1 analogue alter CNS responses to palatable food consumption; Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP1) affects appetite, supposedly mediated via the central nervous system (CNS). In this study, we investigate whether modulation of CNS responses to palatable food consumption may be a mechanism by which GLP1 contributes to the central regulation of feeding. Using functional MRI, we determined the effects of endogenous GLP1 and treatment with the GLP1 analogue liraglutide on CNS activation to chocolate milk receipt. Study 1 included 20 healthy lean individuals and 20 obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Scans were performed on two occasions: during infusion of the GLP1 receptor antagonist exendin 9-39 (blocking actions of endogenous GLP1) and during placebo infusion. Study 2 was a randomised, cross-over intervention study carried out in 20 T2DM patients, comparing treatment with liraglutide to insulin, after 10 days and 12 weeks. Compared with lean individuals, T2DM patients showed reduced activation to chocolate milk in right insula (P = 0.04). In lean individuals, blockade of endogenous GLP1 effects inhibited activation in bilateral insula (P <= 0.03). Treatment in T2DM with liraglutide, vs insulin, increased activation to chocolate milk in right insula and caudate nucleus after 10 days (P <= 0.03); however, these effects ceased to be significant after 12 weeks. Our findings in healthy lean individuals indicate that endogenous GLP1 is involved in the central regulation of feeding by affecting central responsiveness to palatable food consumption. In obese T2DM, treatment with liraglutide may improve the observed deficit in responsiveness to palatable food, which may contribute to the induction of weight loss observed during treatment. However, no long-term effects of liraglutide were observed.
Effect of a high monounsaturated fatty acids diet and a Mediterranean diet on serum lipids and insulin sensitivity in adults with mild abdominal obesity; Background and aims: Diets high in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) such as a Mediterranean diet may reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases by improving insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. Besides being high in MUFA, a Mediterranean diet also contains abundant plant foods, moderate wine and low amounts of meat and dairy products, which may also play a role. We compared the effects of a high MUFA-diet with a diet high in saturated fatty acids (SFA) and the additional effect of a Mediterranean diet on insulin sensitivity and serum lipids.
Probiotic reduces bacterial translocation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled study; Gut bacterial translocation to the blood may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes. Here, we performed an interventional randomised control study to investigate whether probiotics could reduce bacterial translocation and cause changes in the gut microbiota. Seventy Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes were randomised to two groups: the probiotic group drank Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota-fermented milk, while the control group ingested no probiotics. The trial was conducted for 16 weeks. At baseline, 8 and 16 weeks, the gut microbiota composition in feces and blood, fecal organic acids, and other biochemical parameters were measured. At the end of the study, the fecal counts of the Clostridium coccoides group and Clostridium leptum subgroup in the probiotic group were significantly higher than in the control group. As expected, the fecal counts of total Lactobacillus were significantly higher in the probiotic group. Intriguingly, the total count of blood bacteria was significantly lower in the probiotic group. However, fecal organic acids were comparable between the two groups. Our results showed that probiotic administration reduced bacterial translocation and altered the gut microbiota in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of consuming salad and yogurt as preload on body weight management and cardiovascular risk factors: a randomized clinical trial; Few investigations reported the reductive effect of preload consuming on energy intake. The objective of the study was to compare the effects of consuming a mix of low glycaemic index foods such as vegetable salad, yogurt and water before or with meal on anthropometric measures and cardio vascular diseases (CVD) risks. In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 25 men and 35 women were recruited to consume similar amounts of macronutrients within a hypocaloric diet for 3 months. Although subjects in the preload group consumed preload 15 min before the main meal, subjects in the control group consumed them with meal. The results showed that body weight, waist circumference, triglyceride, total cholesterol and systolic blood pressure decreased in more amount in the preload group (-7.8 +/- 0.5%, -2.7 +/- 0.2%, -5.7 +/- 1.1%, -3.1 +/- 0.53% and -4.4 +/- 0.4%, respectively; p < 0.05 for all). Fasting blood sugar and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol decreased significantly only in the preload group. Consuming vegetable salad, yogurt and water as preload leads to greater changes in anthropometric measures and CVD risks.
Effects of 12-Week Ingestion of Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 on Glucose Metabolism and Chronic Inflammation in Prediabetic Adults: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; The ingestion of Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells improved glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and in a preliminary clinical study. We aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glucose metabolism and chronic inflammation for healthy adults. Prediabetic adults (n = 130, age range: 20-64 years) were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 65 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing more than 5 x 10(9) heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 weeks. Reduced HbA1c levels after 12 weeks of treatment were observed in both groups compared to those at baseline; however, the 12-week reduction of HbA1c levels was significantly greater in the OLL2712 group than in the placebo group. Increased chronic inflammation marker levels and insulin-resistant index (HOMA-IR) occurred in the placebo group but not in the OLL2712 group. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels did not change significantly in both groups; however, in subgroup analyses including participants with higher FBG levels, FBG levels were significantly reduced only in the OLL2712 group compared to baseline. These results suggest that OLL2712 cell ingestion can reduce HbA1c levels and can prevent the aggravation of chronic inflammation and insulin resistance.
Fermented foods and metabolic outcomes in diabetes and prediabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have investigated the effects of fermented foods on metabolic outcomes in adult patients suffering from diabetes and prediabetes. However, the results of these RCTs are conflicting. This systematic review and meta-analysis was carried out on data from RCTs to evaluate the effects of fermented foods in patients with diabetes and prediabetes. The PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, the Cochrane Library and Scopus databases were searched up to 21 June, 2022. English-language RCTs of fermented foods consumption were included which gave metabolic outcomes on body composition, glucose control, insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, as well as blood pressure. Eighteen RCTs met the inclusion criteria and 843 participants were included in the final analysis. The pooled results showed a significant reduction of fasting blood glucose (FBG), the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipid cholesterol (LDL-C) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in the intervention group versus the control group. The results of this research showed that fermented foods have the potential to improve some metabolic outcomes, including FBG, HOMA-IR, TC, LDL-C, and DBP in patients with diabetes and prediabetes.
Changes in dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating problems, and gastrointestinal symptoms after sleeve gastrectomy compared with after gastric bypass; 1-year results from the Oseberg study-a randomized controlled trial; Background: The randomized Oseberg study compared the effects of sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), on the 1-y remission of type 2 diabetes and beta-cell function (primary outcomes). However, little is known about the comparable effects of SG and RYGB on the changes in dietary intakes, eating behavior, and gastrointestinal discomfort. Objectives: To compare 1-y changes in intakes of macro-and micronutrients, food groups, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastro-intestinal symptoms after SG and RYGB. Methods: Among others, prespecified secondary outcomes were dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms assessed with a food frequency questionnaire, food tolerance questionnaire, Power of food scale, Binge eating scale, and Gastrointestinal symptom rating scale, respectively. Results: A total of 109 patients (66% females), with mean (SD) age 47.7 (9.6) y and body mass index of 42.3 (5.3) kg/m2, were allocated to SG (n = 55) or RYGB (n = 54). The SG group had, compared with the RYGB group, greater 1-y reductions in the intakes of: protein, mean (95% CI) between-group difference, -13 (-24.9, -1.2) g; fiber, -4.9 (-8.2, -1.6) g; magnesium, -77 (-147, -6) mg; potassium, -640 (-1237, -44) mg; and fruits and berries, -65 (-109, -20) g. Further, the intake of yogurt and fermented milk products increased by >2-folds after RYGB but remained unchanged after SG. In addition, hedonic hunger and binge eating problems declined similarly after both surgeries, whereas most gastrointestinal symptoms and food tolerance remained stable at 1 y. Conclusions: The 1-y changes in dietary intakes of fiber and protein after both surgical procedures, but particularly after SG, were unfavorable with regard to current dietary guidelines. For clinical practice, our findings suggest that health care providers and patients should focus on sufficient intakes of protein, fiber, and vitamin and mineral supplementation after both SG and RYGB. This trial was registered at [clinicaltrials.gov] as [NCT01778738].
Immune modulation; The human immune system is complex and involves a combination of innate (natural) and adaptive (acquired) immunity, each involving both cellular and humoral components
The role of protein in weight loss and maintenance; Over the past 20y, higher-protein diets have been touted as a successful strategy to prevent or treat obesity through improvements in body weight management. These improvements are thought to be due, in part, to modulations in energy metabolism, appetite, and energy intake. Recent evidence also supports higher-protein diets for improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors. This article provides an overview of the literature that explores the mechanisms of action after acute protein consumption and the Clinical health outcomes after consumption of long-term, higher-protein diets. Several meta-analyses of shorter-term, tightly controlled feeding studies showed greater weight loss, fat mass loss, and preservation of lean mass after higher-protein energy-restriction diets than after lower-protein energy-restriction diets. Reductions in triglycerides, blood pressure, and waist circumference were also reported. In addition, a review of the acute feeding trials confirms a modest satiety effect, including greater perceived fullness and elevated satiety hormones after higher-protein meals but does not support an effect on energy intake at the next eating occasion. Although shorter-term, tightly controlled feeding studies consistently identified benefits with increased protein consumption, longer-term studies produced limited and conflicting findings; nevertheless, a recent meta-analysis showed persistent benefits of a higher-protein weight-kiss diet on body weight and fat mass. Dietary compliance appears to be the primary contributor to the discrepant findings because improvements in weight management were detected in those who adhered to the prescribed higher-protein regimen, whereas those who did not adhere to the diet had no marked improvements. Collectively, these data suggest that higher-protein diets that contain between 1.2 and 1.6 g protein . kg(-1) . d(-1) and potentially include meal-specific protein quantities of at least similar to 25-30 g protein/meal provide improvements in appetite, body weight management, cardiometabolic risk factors, or all of these health outcomes; however, further strategies to increase dietary compliance with long-term dietary interventions are warranted.
An investigation of fetal, postnatal and childhood growth with insulin-like growth factor I and binding protein 3 in adulthood; OBJECTIVE Weight at birth and adult height are positively associated with cancer risk. These patterns may be mediated by the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis. We have examined whether pre- and postnatal growth patterns have along-term influence on adult IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels.
Moderating Nutritious Habits in Psychiatric Patients Using Transtheoretical Model of Change and Counseling; Motivational Interviewing provides the opportunity to health professionals to have an effective strategy to increase the level of readiness to change health behaviors. Along with the Transtheoretical Model (Stages of Change Model) compose the theoretical base of intervention in psychiatry settings. Objective: This study was aimed to change nutritious behavior of psychiatric patients using a specific Model of Change and Counseling implementing a health education program. Methodology: A quasi-experimental design was adopted on a random sample of 60 psychiatric patients at Military Hospital of Athens. Patients were divided into two groups as follows; (a) Intervention Group (four sessions of counseling and encouraging motivation for modification of their nutritious habits), and (b) Control Group (simple information sessions about the principles of healthy alimentation). Results: The mean age of Intervention Group (IG) was 43.9 +/- 9.5 and Control Group (CG) 46.1 +/- 9.1, ranging from 40 to 55 years old. Also, 26.7% of the participants were female, 23.3% were married and, 10% divorced. Our analyses showed that IG patients were significantly loss weight post-intervention compared to CG patients. Specifically, IG patients were significantly moderated the intake of starchy foods in every meal (p < 0.001) and the intake of fruits and vegetables (p < 0.001). Similarly, IG patients were moderated the intake of low fat dairy foods while they changed the full fat dairy foods with low fat (p < 0.001). Also important, IG patients showed significant enhance (80%) regarding drugs compliance, suggesting that 34% of the CG patients often forgot to take their medication. Finally, IG patients reported a positive attitude towards moderating unhealthy nutritious behaviors (p = 0.032). Conclusions: Our results confirms that health educational and promotional Interventions may change behavior of psychiatric patients and thus may positively influence their nutritious habits.
Modulating absorption and postprandial handling of dietary fatty acids by structuring fat in the meal: a randomized crossover clinical trial; Background: Prolonged postprandial hypertriglyceridemia is a potential risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In the context of obesity, this is associated with a chronic imbalance of lipid partitioning oriented toward storage and not toward beta-oxidation.
Feeding effects on growth during infancy; Objective To examine the effects of formula, other milks, other liquids, cereals, and other solid foods on growth during infancy.
Resveratrol attenuates oxidative stress and prevents steatosis and hypertension in obese rats programmed by early weaning; We hypothesized that resveratrol, a natural phytoalexin found in grapes, can prevent oxidative stress, obesity and its related disturbances in obese rats programmed by early weaning. Lactating Wistar rats were separated into two groups: early weaning (EW) - dams who were wrapped with a bandage to interrupt the lactation in the last 3 days of lactation; control - dams whose pups had free access to milk during all lactation. At the 150th day, EW offspring were randomly subdivided into EW+resveratrol (EW+Res) - resveratrol (30 mg/kg/day); EW+vehicle (EW) - rats that received 0.5% (w/v) aqueous methylcellulose. The control group received vehicle. Rats were treated by gavage daily for 30 days. EW offspring developed hyperphagia, higher body weight, visceral obesity, higher systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (+15% and +20%, respectively; P<.05) and higher serum triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein but lower high-density lipoprotein (+55%, +33% and -13%, respectively; P<.05). Resveratrol normalized food intake, SBP and DBP and prevented obesity and dyslipidemia in EW+Res. EW rats had higher plasma and liver thiobarbituric-acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and lower plasma superoxide dismutase (SOD) and liver glutathione peroxidase activities (+51%, +18%, -58%, -31%, respectively; P<.05), and resveratrol normalized both plasma and liver TBARS and increased the activity of SOD and catalase in plasma. EW rats presented liver steatosis and higher liver TG, and resveratrol prevented these hepatic alterations. In conclusion, this study demonstrated a potential therapeutic use of resveratrol in preventing obesity and oxidative stress and reducing the risk of hypertension, dyslipidemia and steatosis in adult rats programmed by early weaning. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Recommendations of Diet and Lifestyle in Prostate Cancer Patients; Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer following lung cancer in worldwide. Therefore many studies were performed about diet and lifestyle changes for preventing progressive disease in prostate cancer. When these studies evaluated; smoking, sedentary lifestyle and obesity were found to be associated with the progression of prostate cancer. In studies on the diet; red meat, dietary saturated fat and dairy products can increase the progression of prostate cancer, while green tea, pomegranate and soy products can reduce. However large randomized controlled trials are needed to clarify the information.
Analysis of beta-casein gene (CSN2) polymorphism in Tharparkar and Frieswal cattle; A1 and A2 are most frequently observed Beta-Casein variants in dairy cattle. A1 beta-casein on digestion releases an opioid, BCM-7 which has been found significantly associated with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM-1), ischemic heart disease (IHD), autism and including other immune suppression activities in man. Whereas A2 beta-casein is devoid of such adverse effects. The present study involved genotyping of 181 cattle of two breeds viz., Tharparkar and Frieswal for genetic variants A1 and A2 beta casein gene by PCR-RFLP method using DdeI restriction enzyme. The results showed that the A1 and A2 allelic frequency as 0.04 and 0.96 in Tharparkar while in Frieswal (HF x Sahiwal), it was 0.37 and 0.63 respectively. The average genetic diversity (0.47), polymorphism information content (0.35) and effective allele number (1.87) reflected existence of medium genetic variability in tested population. The lower PIC value in Tharparkar cattle (0.073) indicates low genetic diversity whereas; moderate vale (0.35) in Frieswal cattle indicates medium genetic diversity. Higher fixation index value revealed that random mating is being practiced in both populations.
A Healthy Nordic Diet Alters the Plasma Lipidomic Profile in Adults with Features of Metabolic Syndrome in a Multicenter Randomized Dietary Intervention; Background: A healthy Nordic diet is associated with improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors, but the effect on lipidomic profile is not known.
Is consuming yoghurt associated with weight management outcomes? Results from a systematic review; BACKGROUND: Yoghurt is part of the diet of many people worldwide and is commonly recognised as a 'health food'. Epidemiological studies suggest that yoghurt may be useful as part of weight management programs. In the absence of comprehensive systematic reviews, this systematic review investigated the effect of yoghurt consumption by apparently healthy adults on weight-related outcomes.
Associations Between Dietary Patterns and Subclinical Cardiac Injury An Observational Analysis From the DASH Trial; Background: The DASH diet has been found to lower blood pressure (BP) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
A High-Fat Diet Enriched with Low Omega-6 to Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ratio Reduced Fat Cellularity and Plasma Leptin Concentration in <i>Sprague</i>-<i>Dawley</i> Rats; This study was aimed to investigate the effects of dietary fatty acids on the accretion pattern of major fat pads, inguinal fat cellularity, and their relation with plasma leptin concentration. Forty Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned into four groups and received the following diets for 22 weeks: (1) standard rat chow diet (CTRL), (2) CTRL + 10% (w/w) butter (HFAR), (3) CTRL + 3.33% (w/w) menhaden fish oil + 6.67% (w/w) soybean oil (MFAR), and (4) CTRL + 6.67% (w/w) menhaden fish oil + 3.33% (w/w) soybean oil (LFAR). Inguinal fat cellularity and plasma leptin concentration were measured in this study. Results for inguinal fat cellularity showed that the mean adipocyte number for theMFAR (9.2 * 10(5) +/- 3.6) and LFAR (8.5 * 10(5) +/- 5.1) groups was significantly higher (P < 0.05) than the rest, while the mean adipocyte diameter of HFAR group was larger (P < 0.05) (46.2 +/- 2.8) than the rest. The plasma leptin concentration in the HFAR group was higher (P < 0.05) (3.22 +/- 0.32 ng/mL), than the other groups. The higher inguinal fat cellularity clearly indicated the ability of the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and butter supplemented diets to induce hyperplasia and hypertrophy of fat cells, respectively, which caused adipocyte remodeling due to hyperleptinemia.
Urinary bisphenol S concentrations: Potential predictors of and associations with semen quality parameters among men attending a fertility center; Background: Bisphenol S (BPS) was introduced in the market as a potentially safer alternative to bisphenol A (BPA). However, there are limited studies on health effects of BPS and no epidemiologic studies on its relationship with male reproductive health outcomes, specifically semen quality.
Reducing hypertensive cardiovascular disease risk of African Americans with diet: Focus on the facts; Hypertension is more common and more severe in African Americans than in other population groups in the United States, placing them at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and end-stage renal disease. Whereas past efforts to reduce blood pressure (BP) via the diet centered on manipulating isolated nutrients, there are now conclusive data demonstrating that it is not single dietary components but the overall dietary pattern that has the greatest influence on BP. A nutritionally complete diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods has been clearly proven to significantly lower BP in all population groups. This diet, commonly referred to as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, has been tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations and documented the greatest beneficial effects in hypertensive African Americans. Improving diet quality has been shown to be simply implemented without adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose maldigestion. It is also known to beneficially affect other cardiovascular risk factors and is in keeping with dietary recommendations for prevention of some cancers and osteoporosis. This paper reviews the current data relating dietary patterns to BP control, and advocates dietary recommendations that can accomplish their intended objective of enhancing the health of Americans by promoting safe, feasible, and proven-effective means of doing so. In the case of hypertension prevention and treatment, and thus the reduction of cardiovascular disease risk, overall diet quality should be the primary focus of nutritional recommendations.
Meta-analysis of the effects of monensin in beef cattle on feed efficiency, body weight gain, and dry matter intake; A meta-analysis of the impact of monensin on growing and finishing beef cattle was conducted after a search of the literature. A total of 40 peer-reviewed articles and 24 additional trial reports with monensin feeding in beef cattle were selected, after meeting apriori quality criteria. Data for each trial were extracted and analyzed using meta-analysis software in STATA. Estimated effect size of monensin was calculated for feed efficiency (FE), ADG, and DMI. Monensin use in growing and finishing beef cattle reduced DMI (P < 0.001) and improved both ADG (P < 0.001) and FE (P < 0.001). The average concentration of monensin in feed across studies was 28.1 mg/kg feed (100% DM) and this resulted in approximately a 6.4% (but only 2.5 to 3.5% in the last 2 decades) increase in FE, 3% decrease in DMI, and 2.5% increase in ADG. All 3 outcomes displayed moderate and significant heterogeneity of monensin response (I-2, which is a measure of variation beyond chance, = 29% for FE, 42% for DMI, and 23% for ADG); therefore, random effects models were used for those outcomes. There were no single influential studies that overweighted the findings for any outcome. Meta-regression analysis of the effect sizes obtained from these data showed that dietary factors, dose, and study design were influential in modifying effect size of monensin treatment. Use of corn silage in the diet influenced the effect size of monensin for DMI and FE, with diets containing corn silage resulting in a greater improvement in FE and a larger effect on reducing DMI. Studies conducted to assess multiple doses of monensin showed similar effects to the use of corn silage in the diet. Studies conducted in the United States or with higher ADG in control animals (>1.17 kg/d) showed less effect of monensin on ADG. Pen-level studies showed a greater monensin increase on ADG than did those conducted on individual animals. Linear effect of monensin dose was observed for FE, DMI, and ADG outcomes, with greater effects on improving FE and reducing DMI with larger doses of monensin but lesser improvement in ADG with increasing dose. These findings confirm that monensin improves FE in growing and finishing beef cattle, and that this effect is linear with dose.
Trans Fatty Acids: Are Its Cardiovascular Risks Fully Appreciated?; Objective: The goal of this article was to review the causal link between trans fatty acids (TFA) produced from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (PHVO) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and its likely mechanisms. The potential risk of TFA from ruminant dairy and meats, which are currently the major sources of dietary TFA, is also discussed.
The conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer, t10c12-CLA, is inversely associated with changes in body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Isomers of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are found in beef, lamb and dairy products. Diets containing CLA reduce adipose mass in various depots of experimental animals. In addition, CLA delays the onset of diabetes in the ZDF rat model for obesity-linked type 2 diabetes mellitus. We hypothesize that there would be an inverse association of CLA with body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus. In this double-blind study, subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus were randomized into one of two groups receiving either a supplement containing mixed CLA isomers (CLA-mix; 8.0 g daily, 76% pure CLA; n = 12) or a supplement containing safflower oil (placebo; 8.0 g daily safflower oil, n = 9) for 8 wk. The isomers of CLA in the CLA-mix supplement were primarily c9t11-CLA (similar to37%) and t10c12-CLA (similar to39%) in free fatty acid form. Plasma levels of CLA were inversely associated with body weight (P < 0.05) and serum leptin levels (P < 0.05). When levels of plasma t10c12-CLA isomer were correlated with changes in body weight or serum leptin, t10c12-CLA, but not c9t11-CLA, was inversely associated with body weights (P < 0.05) and serum leptin (P < 0.02). These findings strongly suggest that the t10c12-CLA isomer may be the bioactive isomer of CLA to influence the body weight changes observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Future studies are needed to determine a causal relationship, if any, of t10c12-CLA or c9t11-CLA to modulate body weight and composition in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, determining the ability of CLA isomers to influence glucose and lipid metabolism as well as markers of insulin sensitivity is imperative to understanding the role of CLA to aid in the management of type 2 diabetes and other related conditions of insulin resistance.
Long-term effects of consumption of a novel fat emulsion in relation to body-weight management; Objective: To assess weight maintenance after weight loss by consumption of yoghurt with a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) including effects on body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), fat oxidation, hunger feelings and satiety hormones.
The Effect of Casein Protein Prior to Sleep on Fat Metabolism in Obese Men; We have previously shown that ingesting protein at night before sleep is either beneficial or non-detrimental to metabolism, health, and body composition in obese women. However, the overnight protein-induced lipolytic actions and mechanism for improved metabolism and body composition have not been fully established. Therefore, in a crossover design, twelve obese men (age, 27.0 +/- 2.2 years) were randomly assigned to ingest (within 30 min of sleep) casein protein (CAS, 120 kcal) or a non-nutritive placebo (PLA) before going to sleep. Markers of fat metabolism (lipolysis, substrate utilization, growth hormone), insulin, glucose, resting energy expenditure (REE), and appetite (questionnaire and ghrelin) were measured. During sleep and the next morning, interstitial glycerol from the subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SCAAT) was measured using microdialysis. There were no differences in SCAAT glycerol (overnight: CAS, 177.4 +/- 26.7; PLA, 183.8 +/- 20.2 mu mol/L; morning: CAS, 171.6 +/- 19.1; PLA, 161.5 +/- 18.6 mu mol/L), substrate utilization, REE, or any blood markers between CAS and PLA. Desire to eat was greater for CAS compared to baseline (p = 0.03), but not different from PLA (baseline: 39 +/- 6, CAS: 62 +/- 8, PLA: 55 +/- 5 mm). CAS consumption before sleep did not affect fat or glucose metabolism, REE, or suppress appetite in hyperinsulemic obese men. CAS may be consumed before sleep without impeding overnight or morning fat metabolism in young, obese men.
Serum vitamin D levels in relation to abdominal obesity: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies; Although several observational studies have investigated the relationship between vitamin D deficiency and risk of central obesity, the results were inconsistent. We performed a dose-response meta-analysis on epidemiologic studies that evaluated the association of vitamin D status and abdominal obesity in adults. A systematic search was carried out of all published articles, up to May 2020, in five electronic databases, including MEDLINE (Pubmed), EMBASE, Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) (Web of science), Scopus and Google scholar. Forty-one observational studies reported odds ratios (ORs) or relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for abdominal obesity in relation to serum vitamin D levels in adults were included in the analysis. Using a random effects model, the overall effect size was calculated. Combining 44 effect sizes from 36 cross-sectional studies with 257,699 participants revealed that the highest versus the lowest serum vitamin D level was significantly associated with a 23% decreased odds of abdominal obesity (OR: 0.77; 95% CI [0.71, 0.83]). This inverse association was significant in almost all subgroups based on different covariates. Dose-response analysis showed that each 25 nmol/L increase in serum vitamin D was related to 8% reduced risk of abdominal obesity (OR: 0.92; 95% CI [0.85, 0.99]). When we confined the analysis to 23 effect sizes from 17 studies with representative population (242,135 participants), the same results were obtained (OR: 0.79; 95% CI [0.71, 0.87]). Dose-response analysis indicated that each 25 nmol/L increase in blood vitamin D levels was linked to 10% decreased central adiposity risk in representative populations (OR: 0.90; 95% CI [0.82, 0.99]). This meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies revealed that serum vitamin D level was inversely associated with risk of abdominal obesity in adults, in a dose-response manner. The same findings were obtained in representative populations. Further prospective studies are required to examine the causal association between serum vitamin D levels and abdominal obesity.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055 stimulates immunoglobulin production and innate immunity after influenza vaccination in healthy adult volunteers; Background: Lactobacillus gasseri strain SBT2055 (LG2055) is a human intestine-originating probiotic bacterium and potent probiotic known to exert various health promotion effects, including prevention of abdominal adiposity in rats and humans. A recent finding in mice has suggested that oral administration of LG2055 induces a protective effect against influenza A virus infection. In this context, evidence for the efficacy of LG2055 using a human clinical trial was imminently required.
Implication of sugar, protein and incretins in excessive glucagon secretion in type 2 diabetes after mixed meals; Aims: Amino acids powerfully release glucagon but their contribution to postprandial hyper-glucagonemia in type 2 diabetes remains unclear. Exogenously applied GIP stimulates, while GLP-1 in-hibits, glucagon secretion in humans. However, their role in mixed meals is unclear, which we therefore characterized.Methods: In three experiments, participants with type 2 diabetes and obese controls randomly received different loads of sugars and/or proteins. In the first experiment, participants ingested the rapidly cleaved saccharose (SAC) or slowly cleaved isomaltulose (ISO) which is known to elicit opposite profiles of GIP and GLP-1 secretion. In the second one participants received test meals which contained saccharose or isomaltulose in combination with milk protein. The third set of participants underwent randomized oral protein tests with whey protein or casein. Incretins, glucagon, C-peptide, and insulin were profiled by specific immunological assays.Results: 50 g of the sugars alone suppressed glucagon in controls but slightly less in type 2 diabetes patients. Participants with type 2 diabetes showed excessive glucagon responses within 15 min and lasting over 3 h, while the obese controls showed small initial and delayed greater glucagon responses to mixed meals. The release of GIP was significantly faster and greater with SAC compared to ISO, while GLP-1 showed an inverse pattern. The glucagon responses to whey or casein were only moderately increased in type 2 diabetes patients without a left shift of the dose response curve.Conclusions: The rapid hypersecretion of glucagon after mixed meals in type 2 diabetes patients compared to controls is unaffected by endogenous incretins. The defective suppression of glucagon by glucose combined with hypersecretion to protein is required for the exaggerated response. Clinical trials numbers: NCT03806920, NCT02219295, NCT04564391.(c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammation, oxidative stress, and circulating adiponectin and leptin concentration in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Purpose Probiotics or synbiotics consumption have been suggested to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a decline in inflammation and oxidative stress, however, the results from studies are conflicting. This study filled this knowledge gap by evaluating randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating probiotics or synbiotics intake on adipokines, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods We systematically did search up to March 2022 in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library. A random-effect model was applied to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. Results A total of 32 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. This intervention led to a significant decrease in levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD - 0.62 mg/l; 95% CI - 0.80, - 0.44; p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (WMD - 0.27 pg/ml; 95% CI - 0.44, - 0.10; p = 0.002) and malondialdehyde (MDA) (WMD - 0.51 mu mol/l; 95% CI - 0.73, - 0.30; p < 0.001), and also a significant increase in levels of glutathione (GSH) (WMD 69.80 mu mol/l; 95% CI 33.65, 105.95; p < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD 73.59 mmol/l; 95% CI 33.24, 113.95; p < 0.001) and nitric oxide (NO) (WMD 7.49 mu mol/l; 95% CI 3.12, 11.86; p = 0.001), without significant alterations in interleukin-6 (IL-6) and adipokines levels. Conclusion A consumption of probiotics or synbiotics could be a useful intervention to improve cardiometabolic outcomes through a reduced inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
A double-blind, 377-subject randomized study identifies <i>Ruminococcus, Coprococcus, Christensenella</i>, and <i>Collinsella</i> as long-term potential key players in the modulation of the gut microbiome of lactose intolerant individuals by galacto-oligosaccharides; Background. Our recent publication (Chey et al., Nutrients 2020) showed that a 30-day administration of pure galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) significantly reduced symptoms and altered the fecal microbiome in patients with lactose intolerance (LI). Results. In this addendum, we performed an in-depth analysis of the fecal microbiome of the 377 LI patients randomized to one of two GOS doses (Low, 10-15 grams/day or High, 15-20 grams/day), or placebo in a multi-center, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. Sequencing of 16S rRNA amplicons was done on GOS or placebo groups at weeks zero (baseline), four (end of treatment), nine, 16 and 22. Taxa impacted by treatment and subsequent dairy consumption included lactose-fermenting species of Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, and Streptococcus. Increased secondary fermentation microorganisms included Coprococcus and Ruminococcus species, Blautia producta, and Methanobrevibacterium. Finally, tertiary fermenters that use acetate to generate butyrate were also increased, including Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Roseburia faecis, and C. eutactus. Conclusions. Results confirmed and expanded data on GOS microbiome modulation in LI individuals. Microbiome analysis at 16 and 22 weeks after treatment further suggested relatively long-term benefits when individuals continued consumption of dairy products.
Dietary Consumption on Glycemic Control Among Prediabetes: A Review of the Literature; IntroductionPrediabetes is a condition that, if left unaddressed, can lead to various complications, such as neuropathy, retinopathy, and nephropathy. Among the critical factors contributing to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, dietary choices stand out as particularly significant.ObjectiveConsequently, our objective is to examine the latest research findings concerning dietary consumption and its impact on glycemic control in individuals with prediabetes.MethodsA literature review of randomized controlled trials was performed using databases such as PubMed, Scopus, and ScienceDirect with searches conducted from January 2019 to 2023. The primary reviewer assessed the quality of the selected studies for bias risk using the Joanna Briggs Institute critical appraisal method for randomized controlled trials. Initially, 975 articles were identified through the search, but after applying the inclusion criteria, only 9 articles were ultimately selected.ResultsThe review found that a carrageenan-free diet, yogurt with Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712, Allium hookeri extract (AHE), and delta-tocotrienol improve HbA1C levels. However, salmon, zinc supplement, and balanced deep-sea water were not effective on HbA1C. In addition, studies on the effectiveness of vitamin D in controlling blood glucose levels are inconsistent.ConclusionNurses can enhance patient outcomes through collaborative efforts to create individualized dietary strategies. These strategies may encompass the adoption of a carrageenan-free diet, the inclusion of L plantarum OLL2712-enriched yogurt, the utilization of AHE, and the integration of delta-tocotrienol into the dietary plan. This approach is particularly applicable to ambulatory care nurses, health supervisors, and primary care providers.
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder.
Rationale, design and methods of the HEALTHY study nutrition intervention component; The HEALTHY study was a randomized, controlled, multicenter and middle school-based, multifaceted intervention designed to reduce risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. The study randomized 42 middle schools to intervention or control, and followed students from the sixth to the eighth grades. Here we describe the design of the HEALTHY nutrition intervention component that was developed to modify the total school food environment, defined to include the following: federal breakfast, lunch, after school snack and supper programs; a la carte venues, including snack bars and school stores; vending machines; fundraisers; and classroom parties and celebrations. Study staff implemented the intervention using core and toolbox strategies to achieve and maintain the following five intervention goals: (1) lower the average fat content of foods, (2) increase the availability and variety of fruits and vegetables, (3) limit the portion sizes and energy content of dessert and snack foods, (4) eliminate whole and 2% milk and all added sugar beverages, with the exception of low fat or nonfat flavored milk, and limit 100% fruit juice to breakfast in small portions and (5) increase the availability of higher fiber grain-based foods and legumes. Other nutrition intervention component elements were taste tests, cafeteria enhancements, cafeteria line messages and other messages about healthy eating, cafeteria learning laboratory (CLL) activities, twice-yearly training of food service staff, weekly meetings with food service managers, incentives for food service departments, and twice yearly local meetings and three national summits with district food service directors. Strengths of the intervention design were the integration of nutrition with the other HEALTHY intervention components (physical education, behavior change and communications), and the collaboration and rapport between the nutrition intervention study staff members and food service personnel at both school and district levels. International Journal of Obesity (2009) 33, S29-S36; doi:10.1038/ijo.2009.114
Prior Exercise Does Not Reduce Postprandial Lipemia Following a Mixed Glucose Meal When Compared with a Mixed Fructose Meal; This study examined the effect of prior exercise on postprandial lipemia (PPL) concentration following a mixed meal (MM) made with either glucose or fructose. Sedentary women completed four trials in random order: 1) Rest-Fructose: RF, 2) Rest-Glucose: RG, 3) Exercise-Fructose: EF, 4) Exercise-Glucose: EG. Exercise expended 500 kcal while walking at 70%VO2max. Rest was 60 min of sitting. The morning after each trial, a fasting (12 hr) blood sample was collected followed by consumption of the MM. The MM was blended with whole milk and ice cream plus a glucose or fructose powder. Glucose and fructose powder accounted for 30% of the total kcal within the MM. Blood was collected periodically for 6 hr post-MM and analyzed for PPL. Magnitude of PPL over the 6 hr postmeal was quantified using the triglyceride incremental area under the curve (TG AUC(I)). Significant differences (p < .05) between trials were determined using repeated-measures ANOVA and Bonferroni post hoc test. There was no significant difference in the TG AUCI between the four trials (p > .05). A significant trial by time interaction for TG concentration was reported (p <.05). Despite lack of change in the AUCI with prior exercise, the lower TG concentration at multiple time points in the EG trial does indicate that prior exercise has some desirable effect on PPL. This study suggests that replacing fructose with glucose sugars and incorporating exercise may minimize PPL following a mixed meal but exercise will need to elicit greater energy expenditure.
DASH diet and change in serum uric acid over time; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet lowers serum uric acid (SUA) levels compared to the typical American (control) diet. However, the time required for the DASH diet to take effect is unknown. We analyzed data from a parallel arm, randomized-controlled trial in pre-hypertensive or hypertensive adults (N = 103), comparing the effects of DASH or a control diet on SUA measured at 30, 60, and 90 days. Effects were examined overall and within stratified subgroups based on baseline SUA status (SUA >= 6 mg/dL vs <6 mg/dL). The mean age of participants was 51.5 +/- 9.7 years, 55% were women, 75% were black, 42% were obese, and 34% had hypertension. Twenty-four of the 103 (23%) participants had a baseline SUA >= 6 mg/dL. Overall, compared to the control, DASH lowered SUA by 0.5 mg/dL at 30 and 90 days. Among participants with baseline SUA >= 6 mg/dL, DASH lowered SUA by 0.8 and 1.0 mg/dL at 30 and 90 days, respectively. These findings demonstrate that the DASH diet reduces SUA within 30 days, with a sustained effect at 90 days, which is informative for healthcare providers counseling patients on time course expectations for uric acid reduction in response to dietary modification.
ASSIMILATION AND MOBILIZATION OF TRIGLYCERIDES IN SUBCUTANEOUS ABDOMINAL AND FEMORAL ADIPOSE-TISSUE IN-VIVO IN MEN - EFFECTS OF ANDROGENS; Studies on regional differences of adipose tissue metabolism have mainly been performed in vitro. To allow measurements of Lipid uptake in vivo in man, radioactive label from [9,10-H-3]oleic acid in 80 g orally administered milk fat was measured after 4 h in abdominal and femoral sc adipose tissues in 28 middle-aged, abdominally obese men. Radioactivity was measured in adipose tissue triglycerides extracted from needle biopsies. Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity was also measured. Uptake of label in triglycerides and LPL activity were higher (20% and 15%, respectively; P < 0.05) in the abdominal compared to the femoral adipose tissue region.
Botulinum toxin versus botulinum toxin with low-dose glyceryltrinitrate for healing of chronic anal fissure: a prospective, randomised trial; Background Chronic anal fissure (CAF) is perpetuated by high sphincter pressures and secondary local ischemia. Pharmacological approaches include topical nitrates and botulinum toxin (BT), which both help to decrease the sphincter pressure.
Probiotic soy beverages: a functional beverage on lipid profile, oxidative stress and kidney function: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; PurposeProbiotic coadministration with soy beverages has been shown to have favorable results in human health. This study aims to conduct a systematic review of randomized clinical trials to examine the effect of probiotic soy beverages (PSB) on human health aspects such as lipid profile, oxidative stress and kidney function.Design/methodology/approachThe study was conducted based on Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis guidelines. Relevant articles were extracted from PubMed, SCOPUS, Web of Science, Science Direct and Google Scholar up to April 2024. This paper searched all databases using the following keywords: ("Soy milk" OR "Soy beverage" OR "Fermented soy milk" OR "Soy Fermented Beverages") AND ("Probiotic" OR "Probiotics"). The literature search did not consider language, age and publication date restrictions.FindingsA total of 2,183 subjects were included in this review. PSB beneficially decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol levels and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. PSB beneficially affected superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase and glutathione. PSB decreased serum creatinine and increased estimated glomerular filtration rate. Cystatin-C and progranulin decreased significantly in the PSB group. PSB had no significant effect on anthropometric indices, while decreased systolic and diastolic blood pressure.Originality/valueThis study provides a brief overview of the effect of PSB on lipid profile, oxidative stress, inflammation and kidney function for the first time.
Effect of orosensory stimulation on postprandial thermogenesis in humans; This study assessed the effects of orosensory stimulation by equipalatable stimuli that differed in macronutrient content (lipid and carbohydrate) on postprandial thermogenesis. Sixteen healthy, normal-weight adults (eight males, eight females) participated in six test sessions conducted weekly. The test sessions were administered randomly after overnight fasts and included: ingestion of 50 g of butter in capsules (to avoid oral stimulation with lipids) and 500 ml of water in 15 min followed by no oral stimulation or oral stimulation with a cracker or one of the following foods on a cracker-butter, unsaturated fatty acid (UFA) margarine, jelly, UFA margarine+jelly. Sensory stimulation entailed masticating and expectorating similar to 5.0 g samples of each stimulus every 3 min for 110 min. Blood was drawn immediately after preload ingestion and at minutes 35, 85, 200, 320, and 440 postloading and was analyzed for insulin, glucagon, and glucose. No significant treatment differences were observed for thermogenesis or oxidation of carbohydrate or lipid. Insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations were not different between treatments. These data suggest that orosensory stimulation with stimuli differing in lipid and carbohydrate content, but rated similarly in palatability, does not elicit an increased or differential diet-induced thermogenic response. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
SEPARATE CONTROLS FOR CONDITIONED CEPHALIC PHASES OF ACID-SECRETION AND DRINKING IN THE RAT; Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats, surgically equipped with a stainless steel gastric cannula, were tested in a paradigm known to support conditioning of cephalic phase gastric acid secretion.  Rats were tested first under (a) baseline conditions - prepared to sham feed, but no food was offered and none should have been expected; then (b) 5 conditioning trials - prepared and allowed to sham feed sweetened milk; and finally (c) extinction trials - prepared to sham feed milk, but milk was not offered.  Combined antagonism of H-1 and H-2 histamine receptors (using intraperitoneal dexbrompheniramine plus cimetidine) prevented the acqusition of conditioned cephalic phase of acid secretion, but had no effect on acquisition of conditioned water intake.  Such histaminergic antagonism also blocked the expression of an established conditioned acid secretory response without effect on conditioned water intake; peripheral cholingergic blockade using atropine methyl nitrate had virtually the same effect as did histaminergic antagonism.  The converse was observed following blockade of angiotensin II synthesis using subcutaneous captopil:  Established conditioned secretion was unaffected, but conditioned water intake was inhibited.  These results dissociate the physiological controls for conditioned responses which occur simultaneously in rats anticipating eating:  Peripheral histamine mediates the acquisition and expression of the conditioned cephalic phase of acid secretion, whereas angiotensin II appears to mediate at least the expression of conditioned water intake.
Weight Loss and Dietary Interventions for Hidradenitis Suppurativa: A Systematic Review; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a common inflammatory disorder characterized by recurrent, painful, and malodorous abscesses and nodules predominantly in skin folds. HS is associated with substantial morbidity and poor quality of life. There are no curative therapies, and the only approved biologic drug has variable efficacy and requires high doses, making adjunct treatments crucial. An important risk factor for disease severity is obesity. Our primary objective was to conduct a systematic review examining weight loss and dietary interventions, in HS. Our secondary objective was to examine nutritional supplements in HS.A systematic literature search was conducted using Medline, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Database. We included all study types in adults (>18 years), with a minimum sample size of 5, examining the effects of any dietary or weight loss intervention on HS severity. Two authors screened n = 1279 articles of which 9 met inclusion criteria. All included studies were observational and all interventions were associated with various measures of decreased HS severity. Patient-controlled weight loss and bariatric surgery were associated with HS regression, though a subset of patients with significant increase in panniculi experienced exacerbations and required excision of excess skin. Diets demonstrating benefit eliminated dairy and brewer's yeast. Nutritional supplements including zinc gluconate, vitamin D, and riboflavin had a suppressive, rather than curative, effect on HS lesions in single studies. Overall, the reviewed interventions show promise as potential adjunct treatments in a HS management plan. Prospective randomized controlled trials should validate these findings.
Functional Effects of EPS-Producing <i>Bifidobacterium</i> Administration on Energy Metabolic Alterations of Diet-Induced Obese Mice; Obesity has been recognized by the World Health Organization as a global epidemic. The gut microbiota is considered as a factor involved in the regulation of numerous metabolic pathways by impacting several functions of the host. It has been suggested that probiotics can modulate host gene expression and metabolism, and thereby positively influence host adipose tissue development and obesity related-metabolic disorders. The aim of the present work was to evaluate the effect of an exopolysaccharide (EPS)-producing Bifidobacterium strain on host glucose and lipid metabolism and the gut microbial composition in a short-term diet-induced obesity (DIO) in mice. C57BL/6J male mice were randomly divided into three groups: a control group that received control standard diet, a group fed a high-fat diet (HF), and a group fed HF supplemented with Bifidobacterium animalis IPLA R1. Fasting serum insulin as well as triglycerides accumulation in the liver were significantly reduced in the group receiving B. animalis IPLA R1. The treatment with the EPS-producing B. animalis IPLA R1 tended to down-regulate the expression of host genes involved in the hepatic synthesis of fatty acids which was concomitant with an upregulation in the expression of genes related with fatty acid oxidation. B. animalis IPLA R1 not only promoted the increase of Bifidobacterium but also the levels of Bacteroides-Prevotella. Our data indicate that the EPS-producing Bifidobacterium IPLA R1 strain may have beneficial effects in metabolic disorders associated with obesity, by modulating the gut microbiota composition and promoting changes in lipids metabolism and glucose homeostasis.
The 2010 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2010.
Thoughts of social distancing experiences affect food intake and hypothetical binge eating: Implications for people in home quarantine during COVID-19; Backgrond and rationale: Social distance regulations have been suggested as one of the best ways to control and prevent the spread of COVID-19. Social connection and food are intertwined because both have played critical evolutionary roles in human survival. We tested whether the substitutability hypothesis in human motivation applies here in that cues signaling scarcity in one domain (e.g., social connection) might enhance the desire to acquire resources in another domain (e.g., food). Methods: We recruited 140 adults from Kaohsiung City (the largest city in southern Taiwan) to participate in a laboratory experiment. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either social distancing or neutral primes via an emotional-event recollection technique. The amount of ice cream eaten during a taste test and the selfreported likelihood of binge eating served as the dependent measures. Results: We found that, compared with controls, participants primed with social distancing consumed more ice cream in a taste test and reported a greater likelihood that they would engage in binge eating if they were placed in home quarantine. Conclusions: We may be the first to provide experimental evidence that social distancing can enhance the desire for food. The link between social distancing and the desire for food is pertinent to understanding how strongly social distance regulations may influence weight gain. Our findings have far-reaching implications for weight control under social distance regulations for prevention and control of COVID-19.
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Body Mass Index, Metabolic and Inflammatory Biomarkers, and Appetite in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Triple-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; It has been shown recently that metabolic syndrome is associated with gut dysbiosis. The gut microbiota may be the main target for prevention or treatment of metabolic syndrome. We investigated the effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic syndrome. In this triple-blinded clinical trial, 46 Iranian patients with metabolic syndrome, from both sexes, aged 25-70 years, who fulfilled inclusion criteria were randomly categorized to receive either the synbiotic or a placebo capsule, twice a day for three months, plus a weight-loss diet using stratified random sampling based on body mass index (BMI). Each synbiotic capsule consisted of seven strains probiotic bacteria (2x 10(8)) plus fructooligosaccharide as a prebiotic. Anthropometric measurements and biochemical tests were assessed at baseline and at the end of week 12 for fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin, lipid profile, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), peptide YY (PYY), and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). The mean changes of weight, BMI, FBS, insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and GLP-1 between the two groups was statistically significant (p < .001). Furthermore, peptide YY (PYY) increased significantly in the synbiotic group (p <= .05). The trend of weight loss in the synbiotic group was significant until the end of the study (p < .001) while it stopped at week 6 in the placebo group. Synbiotic treatment may improve the status of BMI, FBS, insulin resistance, HOMA-IR, GLP-1, and PYY in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Capsaicin on the viability of random-pattern skin flaps in rats; Purpose: To evaluate the effects of capsaicin on the viability of ischemic random-pattern skin flaps in rats. Methods: Forty EPM1-Wistar rats were randomized into two groups of 20 animals each, the capsaicin group and the control group. A random-pattern skin flap measuring 10 x 4cm was raised and a plastic barrier was placed between the flap and the donor site. After the surgical procedure, the control group was treated with an inert vehicle in the form of a cream applied uniformly to a rayon bandage which, in turn, was applied to the surface of the skin flap. The capsaicin group was treated in the same way, but in this case capsaicin was added to the cream. This procedure was repeated for two consecutive days. Results: There was a significantly smaller amount of flap necrosis in the capsaicin group (35.07%) than in the control group (44.75%) (p=0.035). Conclusion: Topical administration of capsaicin improved the viability of ischemic random-pattern skin flaps in rats.
Are all fibres created equal with respect to lipid lowering? Comparing the effect of viscous dietary fibre to non-viscous fibre from cereal sources: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Although compelling evidence from observational studies supports a positive association between consumption of cereal fibre and CVD risk reduction, randomised controlled trials (RCT) often target viscous fibre type as the prospective contributor to lipid lowering to reduce CVD risk. The objective of our study is to compare the lipids-lowering effects of viscous dietary fibre to non-viscous, cereal-type fibre in clinical studies. RCT that evaluated the effect of viscous dietary fibre compared with non-viscous, cereal fibre on LDL cholesterol and alternative lipid markers, with a duration of >= 3 weeks, in adults with or without hypercholesterolaemia were included. Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL and the Cochrane Central Register were searched through October 19, 2021. Data were extracted and assessed by two independent reviewers. The generic inverse variance method with random effects model was utilised to pool the data which were expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95 % CI. Eighty-nine trials met eligibility criteria (n 4755). MD for the effect of viscous dietary fibre compared with non-viscous cereal fibre were LDL cholesterol (MD = -0 center dot 26 mmol/l; 95 % CI: -0 center dot 30, -0 center dot 22 mmol/l; P < 0 center dot 01), non-HDL cholesterol (MD = -0 center dot 33 mmol/l; 95 % CI: -0 center dot 39, -0 center dot 28 mmol/l; P < 0 center dot 01) and Apo-B (MD = -0 center dot 04 g/l; 95 % CI: -0 center dot 06, -0 center dot 03 g/l; P < 0 center dot 01). Viscous dietary fibre reduces LDL cholesterol and alternative lipid markers relative to the fibre from cereal sources, hence may be a preferred type of fibre-based dietary intervention targeting CVD risk reduction.
Quantifying stress dampening and stress protective effects of food Substantiation of health claims; Stress related disorders, such as burnout, sleep disorders, cognitive disturbances, and pain are among the most frequent determinants of impaired well-being and missing days at work. Such disorders are classified as subthreshold disorders, since the respective people do not yet fulfill criteria for clinical diagnoses and pharmacological treatment. Thus, these subjects constitute a target group for alternatives, such as nutraceuticals, functional food, food supplements, dairy products, etc., suited to dampen or prevent the health damaging effects of stress. However, stress responses vary broadly among individuals, mostly in consequence of gene x environment interactions, age, gender, and the intensity and chronicity of stressors. Differences in the complex intraindividual interplay of such factors account for a broad interindividual heterogeneity of stress vulnerability. Consequently, trials for health claims should include well elaborated hypotheses, suited experimental protocols (e.g. randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled), and a careful selection of sensitive outcome measures. We here present two methodological strategies, which allow to discriminate and uncover a variety of psychobiological mechanisms, which constitute the stress response under acute (laboratory) and chronic (field) conditions. Furthermore, we provide examples, how these methods can serve to generate data for successful health claims.
Response to a glucose tolerance test in early-lactation Holstein cows receiving a supplementation of biotin, folic acid, and vitamin B<sub>12</sub>; The aim of the study was to evaluate glucose and insulin metabolism of cows receiving a supplementation of biotin (B-8), folic acid (B-9), and vitamin B-12 (B-12) during the transition period. According to a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement, 32 cows were randomly assigned to 9 incomplete blocks according to their previous 305-d milk yield. Within each block, cows were randomly assigned to 1 of the following levels of biotin from -27 to 28 d relative to the parturition: (1) no biotin supplement (B-8-) or (2) 20 mg/d of dietary biotin (B-8+). Within each level of biotin, the cows received either (1) 2-mL weekly intramuscular injections of saline 0.9% NaCl (B9B12-) or (2) 2.6 g/d of dietary folic acid and 2-mL weekly intramuscular injections of 10 mg of vitamin B-12 (B9B12+). Art intravenous glucose tolerance test was performed at 25 d in milk. Baseline plasma glucagon, glucose, and nonesterified fatty acid concentrations did not differ among treatments. For B9B12+ cows, baseline plasma insulin concentration and maximal glucose concentration after glucose administration were greater when also combined with biotin compared with no biotin combination, whereas there was no effect in B9B12- cows. There was no treatment effect on time to reach half-maximal glucose and insulin concentrations, glucose positive incremental area under the curve, and glucose and insulin clearance rates. Regarding insulin results, maximal plasma concentration and positive incremental area under the curve were respectively 51 and 74% greater for cows receiving the B-8 supplement than for cows who did not. Moreover, plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentration nadir tended to be reached later for B-8 cows. Insulin peak was reached earlier for cows in the group B9B12+ than cows in regard-less of B-8 supplementation. Under the current conditions, our results suggested that cows receiving a B-8 supplement had a reduced insulin sensitivity in early lactation. Insulin response was faster for B9B12+ cows, but this was not translated into further improvements following the glucose administration challenge.
Differential effects of protein intake versus intake of a defined oligopeptide on FGF-21 in obese human subjects <i>in vivo</i>; Background: FGF-21 is described as a powerful metabolic regulator with beneficial effects including glucose-lowering and improvement of insulin sensitivity without hypoglycaemia. On the other hand, FGF-21 is activated when muscle and other tissues are stressed by external effects or internal cellular pathogens that lead to shortcomings in metabolic balance. Previous results suggested that FGF-21 could be a promising target to develop future metabolic therapeutics.
Body adiposity and bone parameters of male rats from mothers fed diet containing flaxseed flour during lactation; Obesity and osteoporosis may have their origins in early postnatal life. This study was designed to evaluate whether flaxseed flour use during lactation period bears effect on body adiposity and skeletal structure of male rat pups at weaning. At birth, male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to control and experimental (FF) groups, whose dams were treated with control or flaxseed flour diet, respectively, during lactation. At 21 days of age, pups were weaned to assess body mass, length and composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The animals were then sacrificed to carry out analysis of serum profile, intra-abdominal adipocyte morphology and femur characteristics. Differences were considered significant when P < 0.05. The FF group displayed the following characteristics (P < 0.05): higher body mass, length, bone mineral content, bone area and concentrations of osteoprotegerin, osteocalcin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; higher levels of stearic, a-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic and docosapentaenoic acids and lower levels of arachidonic acid and cholesterol; smaller adipocyte area; and higher mass, epiphysis distance, diaphysis width, maximal load, break load, resilience and stiffness of femur. Flaxseed flour intake during lactation period promoted adipocyte hypertrophy down-regulation and contributed to pup bone quality at weaning.
The role of dietary protein in blood pressure regulation; Purpose of review
CALORIC VALUE OF LABILE BODY TISSUE IN OBESE SUBJECTS; The caloric equivalent of variable weight and the average daily caloric expenditure were estimated by alternation of dietary intake between surplus and deficit to produce cyclical oscillations of body weight. On statistical analysis, the changes in weight specifically correlated with the dietary variations were separated from a general trend and from random changes due to fluctuation of water balance and errors of measurement. In this study of 5 obese women it appeared that the primary reservoirs of energy had a low caloric value per unit weight, probably less than 2.5 calories/g. This finding was interpreted as evidence that a considerable amount of water is stored and released as a part of the caloric response. The daily requirement for maintenance of patients on a milk formula was 20.2-24.4 calories/kg day; values similar to these were reported necessary for maintenance of obese women on normal mixed diets.
Dietary Supplementation with Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Oleate Enhances Exercise Training Effects in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Objective: We studied the effects of exercise training alone or combined with dietary supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3PUFA) and oleate on metabolic syndrome (MSyn) components and other markers of cardiometabolic health.
Ethanol with a mixed meal decreases the incretin levels early postprandially and increases postprandial lipemia in type 2 diabetic patients; Increased postprandial lipemia is a risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD). While moderate alcohol drinking is associated with a reduced risk of CVD in nondiabetic and type 2 diabetic patients, it is also known that alcohol increases postprandial triacylglycerol levels. The incretins, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), are important hormones from the gut that enhance nutrient-stimulated insulin secretion. Their responses to a moderate alcohol dose in type 2 diabetes have not previously been studied. We sought to determine how alcohol influences postprandial lipid and incretin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes when taken in combination with a fat-rich mixed meal. Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes ingested on 3 separate days in random order 3 different meals containing: 100 g butter alone or 100 g butter in combination with 40 g alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate, or 100 g butter and 120 g carbohydrate. The meal with alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate was isocaloric to that of 120 g carbohydrate. Triacylglycerol levels were measured after separation by ultracentrifugation into a chylomicron-rich fraction with Svedberg flotation unit values (Sf) > 1,000, and a chylomicron-poor fraction with Sf < 1,000. Supplementation of a fat-rich mixed meal with alcohol in type 2 diabetic subjects suppressed GLP-1 early in the postprandial phase and increased the late triacylglycerol responses compared with the 2 other meals. In the chylomicron-rich fraction, both triacylglycerol and cholesterol were increased by alcohol. No significant differences in high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels were seen. Isocaloric amounts of carbohydrate and alcohol suppressed equally the postprandial free fatty acid levels, but carbohydrate increased the postprandial glucose, GIP, and insulin levels the most. Early in the postprandial phase, alcohol suppresses the incretin responses and increases the late postprandial triacylglycerol levels in type 2 diabetic patients. Whether this reflects an alcohol-induced suppression of the incretin response, which adds to the alcohol-induced impairment of triacylglycerol clearance in type 2 diabetic patients, remains to be elucidated. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nighttime feeding likely alters morning metabolism but not exercise performance in female athletes; The timing of morning endurance competition may limit proper pre-race fueling and resulting performance. A nighttime, pre-sleep nutritional strategy could be an alternative method to target the metabolic and hydrating needs of the early morning athlete without compromising sleep or gastrointestinal comfort during exercise. Therefore, the purpose of this investigation was to examine the acute effects of pre-sleep chocolate milk (CM) ingestion on next-morning running performance, metabolism, and hydration status. Twelve competitive female runners and triathletes (age, 30 +/- 7 years; peak oxygen consumption, 53 +/- 4 mL.kg(-1).min(-1)) randomly ingested either pre-sleep CM or non-nutritive placebo (PL) similar to 30 min before sleep and 7-9 h before a morning exercise trial. Resting metabolic rate (RMR) was assessed prior to exercise. The exercise trial included a warm-up, three 5-min incremental workloads at 55%, 65%, and 75% peak oxygen consumption, and a 10-km treadmill time trial (TT). Physiological responses were assessed prior, during (incremental and TT), and postexercise. Paired t tests and magnitude-based inferences were used to determine treatment differences. TT performances were not different ("most likely trivial" improvement with CM) between conditions (PL: 52.8 +/- 8.4 min vs CM: 52.8 +/- 8.0 min). RMR was "likely" increased (4.8%) and total carbohydrate oxidation (g.min(-1)) during exercise was "possibly" or likely increased (18.8%, 10.1%, 9.1% for stage 1-3, respectively) with CM versus PL. There were no consistent changes to hydration indices. In conclusion, pre-sleep CM may alter next-morning resting and exercise metabolism to favor carbohydrate oxidation, but effects did not translate to 10-km running performance improvements.
Elevations in plasma glucagon are associated with reduced insulin clearance after ingestion of a mixed-macronutrient meal in people with and without type 2 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis The temporal suppression of insulin clearance after glucose ingestion is a key determinant of glucose tolerance for people without type 2 diabetes. Whether similar adaptations are observed after the ingestion of a mixed-macronutrient meal is unclear.
The relationship between persistent organic pollutants in maternal and neonatal tissues and immune responses to allergens: A novel exploratory study; Background: Modern persistent organic pollutants (POPs) contamination are logical candidates in the investigation of the, as yet, unexplained association between allergic disease and progressive industrialisation. POPs have been detected in human cord blood, placental tissues and breast milk, and the reported association between cord blood IgE levels and cord/placental POP levels has raised concerns about potential immunological effects in early life.
Predictors of Polychlorinated Biphenyl Concentrations in Adipose Tissue in a General Danish Population; Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitously present in the environment and suspected of carcinogenic, neurological, and immunological effects. Our purpose was to identify predictors of adipose tissue levels of mono-, di-, and tri-ortho-substituted PCBs experienced by a general population and to establish whether predictors vary according to substitution group. In this study of 245 randomly selected persons from a prospective Danish cohort of 57 053 persons, we examined geographical area, age, lactation, BMI, and intake of eight major dietary groups as potential determinants of adipose concentrations of mono-, di-, and tri-ortho-substituted PCBs by linear regression analyses. Lactation, BMI, and intake of fruit, vegetables, and dairy products showed negative associations with PCB concentrations in adipose tissue in all models, and living in Copenhagen city, age, and consumption of fish (particularly fatty fish) were positively associated. The associations between several of the predictors and mono-ortho-substituted PCBs tended to differ from the associations found for di- and tri-ortho-substituted PCBs. In conclusion, geography, age, lactation, BMI, and consumption of fatty fish consistently predicted the concentration of PCBs in adipose tissue. Our results indicate that predictors of PCBs varied according to substitution group, suggesting that ortho-substituted groups should be analyzed separately.
Effects of weight loss from a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on biomarkers of inflammatory stress, fibrinolysis, and endothelial function in obese subjects; Objective: Obesity is characterized by chronic subclinical inflammation, which is critical to endothelial dysfunction. Weight loss, induced by lifestyle interventions, is associated with a decline in biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. There is little evidence that high dietary calcium intake may reduce inflammation and improve endothelial function. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of weight loss from a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on biomarkers of inflammation, fibrinolysis, and endothelial function in obese individuals.
WEIGHT-LOSS AND DIETARY-INTAKE AFTER VERTICAL BANDED GASTROPLASTY AND ROUX-EN-Y GASTRIC BYPASS; Objective The purpose of this study was to learn whether preoperative eating habits can be used to predict outcome after vertical banded gastroplasty (VBG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB).
Disposition of soy isoflavones in normal human breast tissue; Background: Despite decades of research on the relation between soy and breast cancer, questions regarding the absorption, metabolism, and distribution of isoflavones in breast tissue largely remain unanswered.
Topical purified omental lipid formulations in the prevention of skin ulcers: a narrative review; The omentum is a large peritoneal fold. Its main function is to protect abdominal organs, exerting a defensive action against infective agents. The tissue promotes repair after several types of injury. An extensive vascularisation is the key characteristic of this tissue and the omentum has the highest level of production and content of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). A component of omentum is the lipid compound, which carries out important activities for the organism. Omentum is rich in neutral glycerides, phospholipids, glycolipids and gangliosides. Dermatological products containing purified omental lipids are commercially available and topical omental extracts have been useful in the softening, moisturising and smoothing of skin. Animal-derived omental lipids could be use in topical products with different textures (creams, fluids, emulsions and cleansers) and at different concentrations (10-25%) for the treatment of fragile skin or skin conditions causing risk of ulcer formation. This review summarises the pharmacological rationale of purified omental lipids in topical formulations for use in fragile skin conditions, the clinical efficacy data available in the scientific literature and the potential future perspectives. Efficacy of topical purified omental lipids have been demonstrated in numerous clinical controlled trials involving a total of 320 subjects. These studies demonstrated that this product helps prevent the formation of pressure ulcers (PU) in hospitalised high-risk subjects, improves wound healing process, normalises skin hydration in diabetic subjects with moderate-severe skin xerosis and improve the clinical evolution of diabetic foot. Therefore, purified omental lipid could be an effective tool for the management of fragile skin and the skin at high risk of PU formation.
Mediterranean diet and psychological well-being intervention to reverse metabolic syndrome in Chile (CHILEMED trial); Psychosocial status and lifestyle are key risk factors of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), which, in turn, are main drivers of healthcare costs and morbimortality worldwide, including Chile. Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is one of the healthiest dietary patterns under study. However, its impact on high-risk conditions, such as metabolic syndrome (MetS), and NCDs outside the Mediterranean Basin remains mostly unexplored. Even though Central Chile has an environment, food production, and culinary traditions comparable to those present in Mediterranean countries, few studies-some with significant methodological limitations-have evaluated the effect of MedDiet on health and/or disease in Chilean subjects. Importantly, a Mediterranean lifestyle is a modus vivendi that integrates physical health with mental and social well-being. Psychological well-being (PWB) is associated with healthy behaviors, positive health outcomes, and longevity, thereby emerging as a novel healthcare goal. We report here an ongoing randomized controlled clinical trial in Chilean patients with MetS seeking to test whether (1) a PWB theory-based intervention facilitates induction to and increases long-term adherence to a locally adapted MedDiet, and (2) a MedDiet intervention-implemented alone or combined with well-being promotion-is more effective at reversing MetS compared to individuals following a low-fat diet without psychological support. The CHILEan MEDiterranean (CHILEMED) diet intervention study is a 1-year trial including patients with MetS living in Chile. Participants will be assigned randomly by a computer-generated random number sequence to one of the three intervention arms: a) low-fat diet as control group, b) MedDiet alone, and c) MedDiet plus well-being support. Patients will be followed-up by individual and/or group online nutritional sessions or phone cal as well as 6-and 12-month in-person re-assessment of medical history, medication use, food intake, PWB, anthropometrics/physical exam, and blood collection for laboratory analysis. The primary outcome of the trial will be the effect of the MedDiet-with or without PWB intervention-on overall reversal of MetS compared to low-fat diet alone. Based on a statistical superiority trial, expected impact, and patient loss, the estimated study sample is 339 subjects (113 individuals per arm in 3 equal-sized groups). Currently, we have enrolled 179 patients, predominantly women, evenly distributed by age (group means ranging from 45.7 to 48,9 years-old), 3/4 are obese with almost all of them showing abdominal obesity, 70% are hypertensive, whereas <10% exhibit diabetes. If findings turn out as expected (e.g., MedDiet-with or without PWB intervention-is better than the low-fat diet for reversion of MetS at 1-year follow-up), CHILEMED will provide further beneficial evidence of the MedDiet on NCD risk conditions beyond the Mediterranean region.
Choice and availability of takeaway and restaurant food is not related to the prevalence of adult obesity in rural communities in Australia; OBJECTIVES: To establish whether choice and availability of takeaway and restaurant food consumption are associated with increased obesity.
EVIDENCE FOR BRAIN SEROTONIN-MEDIATED CONTROL OF CARBOHYDRATE CONSUMPTION IN NORMAL-WEIGHT AND OBESE HUMANS; A plasma insulin and amino acid-mediated mechanism is thought to modulate brain serotonin concentration, thereby regulating carbohydrate consumption on a meal to meal basis. It has been suggested that obesity is associated with a defect in the appetite control system. Furthermore, post-absorptive plasma levels of several amino acids are increased in obese subjects, which is ascribed to obesity-associated insulin resistance and/or hyperinsulinemia. We studied breakfast-induced changes in plasma ratios of tryptophan to other large neutral amino acids and associated differences in macronutrient composition of lunch food in normal weight and obese human subjects. The study was randomized, double blind and cross-over with a 2 x 2 factorial design with drug/placebo and type of breakfast as factors. Nineteen healthy, non-obese (body mass index (BMI) 22.5 +/- 1.9 kg/m2,  mean +/- s.d.) and 19 obese (BMI 34.7 +/- 6.2 kg/m2) female volunteers were treated with either 60 mg fluoxetine (FXT), a serotonin re-uptake blocker specifically acting in the brain, or placebo for four days with a wash-out period between treatments of four weeks. The subjects received either a carbohydrate (CHO) breakfast (80 g maltodextrin, 300 kcal) or a protein-rich (PROT) breakfast (60% milk protein and 40% CHO, 300 kcal) on two consecutive days (days 4 and 5 of each treatment period). Plasma glucose, insulin and amino acids were measured at several time points after breakfast. Three hours after breakfast, subjects were able to choose from 29 different food items. Total energy content and weight of lunch food and energy percentage of each macronutrient were calculated. Data were analysed using repeated measures analysis of variance. The plasma Trp/LNAA ratio was significantly higher at 120 min after a CHO breakfast than at 120 min after a PROT breakfast. The energy percentage of carbohydrate consumed for lunch after a CHO breakfast was significantly lower than after a PROT breakfast. This effect of breakfast type on macronutrient composition of lunch food was abolished by the use of FXT. The drug in itself induced a decrease of total caloric intake for lunch, but did not significantly affect macronutrient composition of the meal. We did not find differences between obese and normal weight subjects concerning their response to the nutritional and serotoninergic challenges. However, the plasma Trp/LNAA ratio, irrespective of the challenge, was higher in obese subjects both in fasting conditions and at 120 min after breakfast, which was associated with a slightly (but not significantly) lower carbohydrate content and higher fat content of lunch food in obese subjects.
Free-range rearing of pigs during the winter: Adaptations in muscle fiber characteristics and effects on adipose tissue composition and meat quality traits; This research aimed to determine whether outdoor free-range rearing during the winter (average ambient temperature of 5degreesC) vs. indoor housing (22degreesC) affects meat quality, muscle metabolic traits, and muscle fiber characteristics. Forty Large White gilts and barrows were blocked by weight within each gender (20 per gender) and allotted randomly into two groups of pigs, with one reared indoors (IN) in individual pens (2.6 in 2) and the other reared outdoors (OUT) from December to March in a 0.92-ha pasture. Both groups had free access to the same grower-finisher diet from 23 to 105 kg. At slaughter, adipose (backfat [BF] and omental fat WD and muscle tissues (longissimus muscle [LM], rectus femoris [RF], and semitendinosus [ST]) were obtained from the right side of each carcass. Muscle fibers were stained and classified on the basis of stain reaction as slow-oxidative (SO), fast oxidative-glycolytic (FOG), and fast glycolytic (FG); fiber area and distribution were determined. Also assessed were carcass characteristics, initial and ultimate pH, L*a*b* values, drip loss percent, glycolytic potential (GP), and intramuscular lipid content, as well as the fatty acid profile of each muscle and adipose tissue. The OUT pigs had lower (P < 0.05) ADG and leaner (P < 0.05) carcasses than IN pigs. Rearing environment did not (P > 0.63) affect the intramuscular lipid content of the ST, but intramuscular lipid content was lower (P < 0.01) in the LM and tended to be higher (P = 0.06) in the RF of OUT than in those of IN pigs. In the BF outer layer of the OUT pigs, the higher PUFA content was compensated by both a lower (P < 0.01) saturated and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) content, whereas in the OF, LM, and dark portion of the ST, only the percentage of MUFA was decreased (P < 0.01). In all tissues of the OUT pigs, the linolenic acid content was higher (P < 0.01) and the n-6:n-3 ratio was lower (P < 0.01). The GP of all muscles was higher (P < 0.01), and the ultimate pH of the RF and ST was lower (P < 0.01), in OUT compared with IN pigs. Lightness (L*) values were lower (P < 0.01) in the LM. Percentages of drip loss were higher (P < 0.05) in the LM and light portion of the ST of OUT than in those of IN pigs. The LM and RF of OUT pigs had more (P < 0.01) FOG and fewer (P < 0.01) FG fibers than muscles of IN pigs. Results suggest that rearing pigs outdoors increases aerobic capacity of glycolytic muscles but has little concomitant influence on meat quality traits.
Effects of inulin on the plasma lipid profile of normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic subjects: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Inulin has been shown to be an effective therapeutic for reducing total serum cholesterol and triglycerides in clinical trials with modest sample sizes. A systematic literature search of several databases was conducted for studies that investigated the efficacy of inulin on the plasma lipid profile of subjects. A random-effects model was used to calculate the weighted mean difference and 95% CI as the difference between the mean for the inulin and control groups. The pooled mean net changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C and triglycerides of hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic subjects with inulin compared with controls were calculated. The results indicate that a diet rich in inulin has beneficial effects on total cholesterol and LDL-C, as well as triglyceride concentration in the plasma of hyperlipidemic subjects, and has no effects on plasma lipids in normolipidemic subjects.
Effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer: a systematic review; The effects of both the amount and quality of dietary fat have been studied intensively during the past decades. Previously, low-fat diets were recommended without much attention to the quality of fat, whereas there is general emphasis on the quality of fat in current guidelines. The objective of this systematic review (SR) was to assess the evidence of an effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on body weight (BW), risk factors, and risk of non-communicable diseases, that is, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and cancer in healthy subjects or subjects at risk for these diseases. This work was performed in the process of updating the fourth edition of the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations from 2004. The literature search was performed in October 2010 covering articles published since January 2000. A complementary search was done in February 2012 covering literature until December 2011. Two authors independently selected articles for inclusion from a total of about 16,000 abstracts according to predefined criteria. Randomized controlled trials (RCT) and prospective cohort studies (PCS) were included as well as nested case control studies. A few retrospective case control studies were also included when limited or no data were available from other study types. Altogether 607 articles were quality graded and the observed effects in these papers were summarized. Convincing evidence was found that partial replacement of saturated fat (SFA) with polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) or monounsaturated fat (MUFA) lowers fasting serum/plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations. The evidence was probable for a decreasing effect of fish oil on concentration of serum/plasma total triglycerides as compared with MUFA. Beneficial effect of MUFA both on insulin sensitivity and fasting plasma/serum insulin concentration was considered as probable in comparisons of MUFA and carbohydrates versus SFA, whereas no effect was found on fasting glucose concentration in these comparisons. There was probable evidence for a moderate direct association between total fat intake and BW. Furthermore, there was convincing evidence that partial replacement of SFA with PUFA decreases the risk of CVD, especially in men. This finding was supported by an association with biomarkers of PUFA intake; the evidence of a beneficial effect of dietary total PUFA, n-6 PUFA, and linoleic acid (LA) on CVD mortality was limited suggestive. Evidence for a direct association between total fat intake and risk of T2DM was inconclusive, whereas there was limited-suggestive evidence from biomarker studies that LA is inversely associated with the risk of T2DM. However, there was limited-suggestive evidence in biomarker studies that odd-chain SFA found in milk fat and fish may be inversely related to T2DM, but these associations have not been supported by controlled studies. The evidence for an association between dietary n-3 PUFA and T2DM was inconclusive. Evidence for effects of fat on major types of cancer was inconclusive regarding both the amount and quality of dietary fat, except for prostate cancer where there was limited-suggestive evidence for an inverse association with intake of ALA and for ovarian cancer for which there was limited-suggestive evidence for a positive association with intake of SFA. This SR reviewed a large number of studies focusing on several different health outcomes. The time period covered by the search may not have allowed obtaining the full picture of the evidence in all areas covered by this SR.
Treatment effects on compulsive exercise and physical activity in eating disorders; BackgroundDysfunctional thoughts- and use of physical activity (PA) are core symptoms of the eating disorders (ED) bulimia nervosa (BN) and binge eating disorder (BED). The compulsive desire for PA complicates a favourable treatment outcome; hence, regular, adapted PA led by personnel with competence in exercise science is rarely part of treatment of BN and BED. The present study compared cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) with a new treatment combining physical exercise and dietary therapy (PED-t) with respect to the short- and long-term changes in the level of compulsive exercise and actual level of PA in women with BN or BED.MethodsWe enrolled 187 women with BN or BED, aged 18-40years, with BMI 17.5-35, in an outpatient randomised controlled therapy trial. Participants were randomised to PED-t or CBT, while waitlist participants served as a control group during the treatment period. The treatment covered 16weeks, with 6- and 12months follow-up, and outcomes included self-reported compulsive exercise (CE) and objectively measured PA, analysed by linear mixed regression models.ResultsBoth CBT and PED-t reduced CE from baseline (P<0.01, Hedges g 0.4), but with no difference to control group. Compared to baseline, only PED-t significantly reduced the number of patients who scored above cut-off rating for CE, but with no between-group differences. The proportion of participants complying with the official recommendation for PA neither changed following treatment, nor emerged different between the treatment arms.ConclusionBoth therapies resulted in significant improvements in compulsive exercise, a change not found in the control group, however there were no between-group differences. The findings are tempered by the low statistical power due to a small control group size. The number of participants complying with the recommendation for PA were stable throughout the study, and no change in total PA was found. Presence and intensity of CE decline with treatment, but a need to increase PA towards healthy levels remains unsolved.Trial registrationApproved by the Norwegian Regional Committee for Medical and Health Research Ethics (ID: 2013/1871, 16th of December 2013); registered in Clinical Trials (ID: NCT02079935, 17th of February 2014).
Clinical evaluation of <i>Talapotaka Churna</i> - A polyherbal <i>Ayurvedic</i> formulation in type 2 Diabetes mellitus; To evaluate and compare the antidiabetic effect of Talapotaka Churna in Type II Diabetes mellitus patients were registered from S. S. Hospital, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi. Patients were randomly divided in four groups for treatment of four different medicine groups: [Group A- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with Takra (Buttermilk) before meal; Group B- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with warm water before meal; Group C- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with ongoing allopathic treatment with water before meal. Group D- Glimepride treated (1 mg BD) before meal]. The treatment was given for a period of two months. Fasting blood sugar, postprandial blood sugar, HbAlc, SGOT, SGPT, Sr. Creatinine and lipid profile level were estimated biochemically. The results were promising and reveal that Talapotaka Churna can be a safe, acceptable and effective alternative or adjuvant to the conventional oral hypoglycemic agents. Holistic principles of Ayurveda when used as supplementary for modern drugs in diabetes show their effects on all bodily symptoms and helps to minimize them in which modern drug fails. So, it is the need of time to support the modern medications with Ayurvedic therapy.
Comparing acute effects of extra virgin coconut oil and extra virgin olive oil consumption on appetite and food intake in normal-weight and obese male subjects; Objectives
The use of high-dose melatonin in liver resection is safe: first clinical experience; Experimental data suggest that melatonin decreases inflammatory changes after major liver resection, thus positively influencing the postoperative course. To assess the safety of a preoperative single dose of melatonin in patients undergoing major liver resection, a randomized controlled double-blind pilot clinical trial with two parallel study arms was designed at the Department of General and Transplantation Surgery, Ruprecht-Karls-University, Heidelberg. A total of 307 patients, who were referred for liver surgery, were screened. One hundred and thirteen patients, for whom a major liver resection (>= 3 segments) was scheduled, were eligible. Sixty-three eligible patients refused to participate, and therefore, 50 patients were randomized. A preoperative single dose of melatonin (50 mg/kg BW) dissolved in 250 mL of milk was administered through the gastric tube after the intubation for general anesthesia. Controls were given the same amount of microcrystalline cellulose. Primary endpoint was safety. Secondary endpoints were postoperative complications. Melatonin was effectively absorbed with serum concentrations of 1142.8 +/- 7.2 ng/mL (mean +/- S.E.M.) versus 0.3 +/- 7.8 ng/mL in controls (P < 0.0001). Melatonin treatment resulted in lower postoperative transaminases over the study period (P = 0.6). There was no serious adverse event in patients after melatonin treatment. A total of three infectious complications occurred in either group. A total of eight noninfectious complications occurred in five control patients, whereas three noninfectious complications occurred in three patients receiving preoperative melatonin (P = 0.3). There was a trend toward shorter ICU stay and total hospital stay after melatonin treatment. Therefore, a single preoperative enteral dose of melatonin is effectively absorbed and is safe and well tolerated in patients undergoing major liver surgery.
What are the parameters for predictive selection of patients requiring anesthesia for extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy?; Objective: Additional anesthesia is required to minimize the tolerable pain level in efficiently performed extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL) with electrohydraulic and electromagnetic sources. In order to assess optimum anesthesia for each patient undergoing a standardized ESWL protocol, pain measurement and scoring were carried out. We attempted to determine the individual type and amount of analgesia prior to treatment. Methods: Patients (n = 95) with urolithiasis underwent pain measurement and scoring prior to ESWZ. 'Threshold of pain' (TP) and 'maximal tolerable pain (MTP) were assessed by inducing ischemia pain with the submaximum effort tourniquet technique. Pain intensity was assessed by a verbal rating scale (VRS). The results of pain measurement and amount of analgosedation were correlated in two phases. Patients were administered an oral premedication of 0.1 mg/kg midazolam. Phase 1:60 patients were randomized into three groups: (1) piritramide (0.1-0.3 mg/kg) and midazolam (1-3 mg) i.v. (2) Lidocaine/prilocaine cream topically (30 g) to skin and diclofenac supp. 100 mg. (3) No analgesia. Phase 2. Based on the data of phase 1, cut-off points for TP and MTP were set for female and male patients. In accordance with these results, 35 patients comprised group 1 for anesthesia with piritramide/midazolam, group 2 with lidocaine/prilocaine cream and diclofenac supp. and group 3 for no analgesia at all. The electromagnetic shockwave sources Modulith SLX and Lithostar Plus were utilized. Results: Phase I. All patients randomized for group 1 (intravenous analgosedation) were treated in accordance with the protocol. 65% of group 2 (cream/suppository) tolerated treatment as planned. 35 % of patients selected for ESWL without analgesia (group 3) remained within this group. Patients requiring additional analgosedation displayed lower TP and MTP. The cutoff points for females and males were TP greater than or equal to 25/35 s and MTP greater than or equal to 45/60 s, respectively. Phase 2:20/35 patients were preselected for a nonintravenous protocol. Five out of these 20 violated the protocol. The rate of additionally administered analgesia was lower than in phase 1:35:10% in group 2 (cream/supp.), 65:40% in group 3 (no analgesia). Conclusions: The TP and MTP levels are lower in patients requiring stronger analgesia. The determined parameters are suitable for patient preselection and individual assessment of anesthesia prior to ESWL. It may be assumed that 50% of patients administered intravenous opioids are overtreated. Routine pain measurement for patient depends on the individual pain tolerance level. A third phase of this study recruiting a large number of patients will contribute to the confirmation of these results.
The Effects of Calcium Supplement on Serum Lipoprotein in Obese Adults Receiving Energy Restricted Diet; Background: Coronary heart disease is one of the most important problems of public health. One risk factor is dyslipidemia. Evidence from molecular and animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicate that calcium intake may influence lipid metabolism. But intervention studies have produced conflicting results. Objective of this study was to determine the effects of calcium supplementation on serum lipid profiles in the face of caloric restriction in obese adults.
Dietary soybean protein ameliorates high-fat diet-induced obesity by modifying the gut microbiota-dependent biotransformation of bile acids; The consumption of soybean protein has well-known favorable metabolic effects (e.g., reduced body weight, body fat, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and lipogenesis). These effects of soy protein have been linked to modulation by the gut micro-biota; however, the dynamic interplay among these factors remains unclear. Accordingly, we examined the metabolic phenotype, intestinal BA pool, and the gut microbiome of male C57BL/6 mice that were randomized to receive either a regular high-fat diet (HFD) or HFD that contained soybean protein isolate (SPI) in place of dairy protein. The intake of SPI significantly reduced the HFD-induced weight gain and adipose tissue mass accumulation and attenuated hepatic steatosis. Along with an enhancement in the secretion of intestinal Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), an enlarged cecal BA pool with an elevated secondary/primary BA ratio was observed in the mice that consumed SPI, while fecal BA excretion remained unaltered. SPI also elicited dramatic changes in the gut microbiome, characterized by an expansion of taxa that may be involved in the biotransformation of BAs. The observed effects were abolished in germ-free (GF) mice, indicating that they were dependent on the microbiota. These findings collectively indicate that the metabolic benefits of SPI under the HFD regime may arise from a microbiota-driven increase in BA transformation and increase in GLP-1 secretion.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms at the <i>ADIPOQ</i> gene locus interact with age and dietary intake of fat to determine serum adiponectin in subjects at risk of the metabolic syndrome; Background: Adiponectin gene expression is modulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, which is a transcription factor activated by unsaturated fatty acids.
Proximity of foods in a competitive food environment influences. consumption of a low calorie and a high calorie food; The objective of this study was to test if proximity of a food or preference for a food influences food intake in a competitive food environment in which one low calorie/low fat (apple slices) and one higher calorie/ higher fat (buttered popcorn) food was available in the same environment. The proximity of popcorn and apple slices was manipulated and 56 participants were randomly assigned to groups. In Group Apples Near, apple slices were placed near (within arms reach) a participant and popcorn was placed far (2 m away). In Group Popcorn Near, buttered popcorn was placed near and apple slices were placed far. As a control for the absence of a proximity manipulation, Group Both Near had both test foods placed near. Although participants rated the popcorn as more liked than apples, the food that was placed closer to the participant was consumed most in the two experimental groups, regardless of preference (R-2 = 0.38). Total energy intake was reduced most when popcorn was placed far from a participant compared to when it was placed near (R-2 = 0.24). The effects reported here were not moderated by BMI and did not vary by sex. In all, the results support the hypothesis that making a low calorie food more proximate will reduce total energy intake and increase intake of a low calorie food, even when a higher calorie and more preferred food is also available, but less proximate. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relationship between yoghurt consumption and components of metabolic syndrome: A cross-sectional study in the west of Iran; The association between total, low-fat, and whole-fat yoghurt consumption with the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components was assessed using a cross-sectional study for which 973 adults were selected using a randomised-multistage-cluster sampling method. Dietary intake was assessed using of a validated, 168 food-item, self-administrated, semi-quantitative food-frequency-questionnaire. Consumption (servings per week) of yoghurt among individuals with and without MetS were 4.5 +/- 3.9, and 5.8 +/- 5.9, respectively (p < 0.001), and for high-fat yoghurt were 2.1 +/- 2.9, and 3.1 +/- 5.8, respectively (p < 0.001). Yoghurt consumption was inversely associated with the risk of high triacylglycerol concentration after adjustment for confounders. After adjustment for potential confounders, by differentiation between low- and high-fat yoghurts, there was no significant association with MetS. However, low-fat yoghurt was significantly associated with abdominal adiposity and high fasting plasma glucose (FPG). Low-fat yoghurt consumption was associated with a lower risk of FPG and abdominal adiposity. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink increased leptin and ghrelin levels but reduced leptin to ghrelin ratio in type 2 diabetes patients: a single blind randomized controlled trial; Purpose This study aimed to evaluate the effect of daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) in comparison with plain doogh on appetite-regulating hormones including leptin and ghrelin in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients.
Low-carbohydrate diets and cardiometabolic health: the importance of carbohydrate quality over quantity; Carbohydrates are increasingly being implicated in the epidemics of obesity, diabetes, and their downstream cardiometabolic diseases. The "carbohydrate-insulin model" has been proposed to explain this role of carbohydrates. It posits that a high intake of carbohydrate induces endocrine deregulation marked by hyperinsulinemia, leading to energy partitioning with increased storage of energy in adipose tissue resulting in adaptive increases in food intake and decreases in energy expenditure. Whether all carbohydrate foods under real-world feeding conditions directly contribute to weight gain and its complications or whether this model can explain these clinical phenomena requires close inspection. The aim of this review is to assess the evidence for the role of carbohydrate quantity vs quality in cardiometabolic health. Although the clinical investigations of the "carbohydrate-insulin model" have shown the requisite decreases in insulin secretion and increases in fat oxidation, there has been a failure to achieve the expected fat loss under low-carbohydrate feeding. Systematic reviews with pairwise and network meta-analyses of the best available evidence have failed to show the superiority of low-carbohydrate diets on long-term clinical weight loss outcomes or that all sources of carbohydrate behave equally. High-carbohydrate diets that emphasize foods containing important nutrients and substances, including high-quality carbohydrate such as whole grains (especially oats and barley), pulses, or fruit; low glycemic index and load; or high fiber (especially viscous fiber sources) decrease intermediate cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized trials and are associated with weight loss and decreased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cardiovascular mortality in prospective cohort studies. The evidence for sugars as a marker of carbohydrate quality appears to be highly dependent on energy control (comparator) and food source (matrix), with sugar-sweetened beverages providing excess energy showing evidence of harm, and with high-quality carbohydrate food sources containing sugars such as fruit, 100% fruit juice, yogurt, and breakfast cereals showing evidence of benefit in energy-matched substitutions for refined starches (low-quality carbohydrate food sources). These data reflect the current shift in dietary guidance that allows for flexibility in the proportion of macronutrients (including carbohydrates) in the diet, with a focus on quality over quantity and dietary patterns over single nutrients.
Walnut consumption and health outcomes with public health relevance-a systematic review of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials published from 2017 to present; Context Considering the accumulation of recent studies investigating the health effects of walnut consumption, both including and beyond cardiovascular health effects, a systematic review of this literature to investigate the strength of the evidence is warranted. Objective To investigate associations between walnut consumption and outcomes with public health relevance (specifically all-cause mortality, type 2 diabetes, CVD, metabolic syndrome, obesity, cancer, neurological and mental health, musculoskeletal, gastrointestinal, and maternal disorders) and the effect on associated disease risk markers, reported in studies published from 2017 to present. Data Sources MEDLINE, FSTA, CENTRAL, and Scopus were searched from 1 January 2017 to 5 May 2021. Data Extraction Human studies (cohort studies and RCTs) >= 3 weeks in duration comparing consumption of walnuts (whole, pieces, or 100% butter) to a control and measuring associations with relevant public health outcomes and disease risk markers were assessed. Key study characteristics were extracted independently by 2 investigators using a standardized table. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Cochrane Risk-of-Bias tool 2.0 and the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data Analysis Only 1 RCT was considered to be at low risk of bias for any of its outcomes. The cohort studies were considered to be of moderate or high quality. The results were synthesized using vote counting, based on the direction of effect. Thirty-three articles, 23 describing RCTs (walnut dose similar to 10-99 g/day, 1,948 subjects) and 10 describing cohort studies (similar to 675,928 subjects), were included. Vote counting could be performed for the blood lipids, cardiovascular function, inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors, markers of glucose metabolism, and body weight and composition outcome groupings. The results are presented in effect direction plots. With respect to blood lipids, results from 8/8 RCTs favoured walnuts, in accordance with associations with a reduced risk of CVD suggested by cohort studies; results from 6/6 RCTs favoured control with respect to body weight and composition, although most of these effects were small. This was contrary to cohort study results suggesting small benefits of walnut consumption on body weight. There was no overall consistent direction of effect for cardiovascular function, markers of glucose metabolism, or inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors. Conclusions Evidence published since 2017 is consistent with previous research suggesting that walnut consumption improves lipid profiles and is associated with reduced CVD risk. Evidence is accumulating in other areas, such as cognitive health, although more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD4202122.
Diet quality and exercise in older veterans with PTSD: a pilot study; Older veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are at increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease. Physical activity and healthy eating are two behaviors that impact health, functional independence, and disease risk in later life, yet few studies have examined the relationship between PTSD and diet quality. This secondary analysis aimed to: (a) characterize the diet quality of older veterans with PTSD in comparison to U.S. dietary guidelines and (b) explore if participation in a supervised exercise intervention spurred simultaneous changes in dietary behavior. Diet quality was assessed with the Dietary Screener Questionnaire (DSQ), which measures daily intake of fiber, calcium, added sugar, whole grain, dairy, and fruits/ vegetables/legumes. The sample included 54 military veterans >= 60 years old with PTSD who participated in a randomized controlled pilot trial comparing 12 weeks of supervised exercise (n = 36) to wait-list usual care (n = 18). The DSQ was administered at baseline and 12 weeks. Consumption of added sugar exceeded U.S. dietary guideline recommendations and consumption of whole grains, fruits/vegetables/legumes, fiber, calcium, and dairy fell short. Participation in the supervised exercise intervention was not associated with changes in diet quality. Results revealed that the diet quality of older veterans with PTSD is poor, and while the exercise intervention improved health through exercise, it did not make veterans any more likely to adopt a more healthful diet. Interventions targeting diet, or diet + exercise, are needed to manage the increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease present in older veterans with PTSD.
The influence of recombinant bovine somatotropin on dietary energy level-related growth of Holstein-Friesian bull calves; Our objective for this study was to assess the effect of recombinant bovine somatotropin (rbST) in overcoming the biological effects attributed to live weight increase and age on growth and fat deposition in male cattle. Holstein-Friesian bull calves (n = 56; 182.2 +/- 14.7 d old) were allotted to four subtreatments in a randomized complete block with a factorial arrangement of two levels of rbST: 0 and 500 mg of Posilac, every 2 wk, and two dietary metabolizable energy (ME) concentrations: low metabolizable energy (LME) and high metabolizable energy (HME); 10 vs 11.3 MJ/kg DM, respectively. The effect of rbST treatment on daily gain was expressed mostly on the HME diets. The rbST treatment had no effect on the animals fed the LME diets before the age of 240 d was reached. Dry matter intake and the effect of rbST treatment on DM intake were inversely related to the energy concentration of the diet. The degree of fatness of the animals was significantly reduced by rbST treatment and significantly increased by energy concentration of the diet. The major effect of rbST, under the experimental conditions, in regards to adipose tissue deposition, was on the fat depots and not on the intramuscular fat. The concentration of bST, ICE-I, and insulin in the plasma was increased (P < .001) owing to rbST treatment. Lower metabolizable energy supply led to a higher (P < .001) plasma bST concentration, nonsignificantly lower plasma IGF-I and thyroid hormone concentrations, and lower (P < .001) plasma insulin concentration. A trend (P = .065) toward an increase in PUFA was found in the muscle of the rbST-treated and the HME diet animals. At a young age, when the natural growth potential is high, rbST treatment will be efficient only when a diet allowing a high digestible energy intake is provided.
Cutaneous anesthesia of the forearm enhances sensorimotor function of the hand; Petoe MA, Jaque FA, Byblow WD, Stinear CM. Cutaneous anesthesia of the forearm enhances sensorimotor function of the hand. J Neurophysiol 109: 1091-1096, 2013. First published December 5, 2012; doi:10.1152/jn.00813.2012.-Temporary deafferentation of the upper limb, with ischemic or anesthetic nerve block, has rapid effects on sensorimotor cortex. Cutaneous anesthesia of the forearm has recently been found to improve sensory and motor function of the paretic hand in chronic stroke patients. However, the neurophysiological mechanisms are unknown. The aim of this study was to investigate the behavioral and neurophysiological effects of cutaneous forearm anesthesia. Twenty-five healthy right-handed adults participated in this double-blind, randomized study. Participants completed two sessions, with either a topical anesthesia cream (EMLA) or placebo applied to their left forearm in each session. Thresholds for cutaneous sensation and spatial acuity of the left hand were measured before and after the intervention. Transcranial magnetic stimulation was used to measure corticomotor excitability and short-interval intracortical inhibition in the left first dorsal interosseous and abductor digiti minimi muscles before and after the intervention. Manual dexterity was assessed with the grooved pegboard task after the intervention in each session. Left-hand dexterity improved to a greater extent after treatment with EMLA than placebo, and this was related to improved spatial acuity at the fingertips. Corticomotor excitability remained stable, and short-interval intracortical inhibition increased after EMLA treatment. We have confirmed and extended previous reports that cutaneous forearm anesthesia results in improved spatial acuity and manual dexterity of the ipsilateral hand. The neurophysiological mechanisms involve an increase in intracortical inhibition, which may improve the precision of voluntary movement. These results lend support to the therapeutic application of EMLA in movement rehabilitation.
Future body mass index modelling based on macronutrient profiles and physical activity; Background: An accurate system of determining the relationship of macronutrient profiles of foods and beverages to the long-term weight impacts of foods is necessary for evidence-based, unbiased front-of-the-package food labels.
Polymorphisms in the stearoyl-CoA desaturase gene modify blood glucose response to dietary oils varying in MUFA content in adults with obesity; Diets varying in SFA and MUFA content can impact glycaemic control; however, whether underlying differences in genetic make-up can influence blood glucose responses to these dietary fatty acids is unknown. We examined the impact of dietary oils varying in SFA/MUFA content on changes in blood glucose levels (primary outcome) and whether these changes were modified by variants in the stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) gene (secondary outcome). Obese men and women participating in the randomised, crossover, isoenergetic, controlled-feeding Canola Oil Multicenter Intervention Trial II consumed three dietary oils for 6 weeks, with washout periods of similar to 6 weeks between each treatment. Diets studied included a high SFA/low MUFA Control oil (36 center dot 6 % SFA/28 center dot 2 % MUFA), a conventional canola oil (6 center dot 2 % SFA/63 center dot 1 % MUFA) and a high-oleic acid canola oil (5 center dot 8 % SFA/74 center dot 7 % MUFA). No differences in fasting blood glucose were observed following the consumption of the dietary oils. However, when stratified by SCD genotypes, significant SNP-by-treatment interactions on blood glucose response were found with additive models for rs1502593 (P = 0 center dot 01), rs3071 (P = 0 center dot 02) and rs522951 (P = 0 center dot 03). The interaction for rs3071 remained significant (P = 0 center dot 005) when analysed with a recessive model, where individuals carrying the CC genotype showed an increase (0 center dot 14 (sem 0 center dot 09) mmol/l) in blood glucose levels with the Control oil diet, but reductions in blood glucose with both MUFA oil diets. Individuals carrying the AA and AC genotypes experienced reductions in blood glucose in response to all three oils. These findings identify a potential new target for personalised nutrition approaches aimed at improving glycaemic control.
A double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial compares the cholesterollowering effects of two different soy protein preparations in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background Soy protein is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations. It has not been conclusively answered, whether and to what extent other soy constituents may also contribute to this effect. Objective To investigate the change in blood lipid levels after application of two soy-based supplements containing soy protein either without (SuproSoy(R)) or with (Abacor(R)) soy fiber and phospholipids in a randomized placebo-controlled triple-armed study. Methods 121 hypercholesterolemic adults ( 66 females, 55 males) were recruited and randomly assigned to one of three treatments. Over 8 weeks they received daily either 25 g soy protein ( as a component of the supplements Abacor(R) or SuproSoy(R)) or 25 g milk protein ( as a component of placebo). Serum lipids were measured at baseline and after 4, 6 and 8 weeks. Results After 8 weeks of supplementation total cholesterol levels were reduced by 8.0 +/- 9.6% (Abacor(R)) and 3.4 +/- 8.3% (SuproSoy(R)); LDL cholesterol levels by 9.7 +/- 11.7% ( Abacor(R)) and 5.4 +/- 11.6% ( SuproSoy(R)); and Apolipoprotein B levels by 6.9 +/- 14.6% (Abacor(R)) and 4.0 +/- 12.4 % (SuproSoy(R)). Serum levels of HDL cholesterol and triglycerides remained unchanged. Conclusions A preparation combining isolated soy protein with soy fibers and phospholipids showed twice the lipid-lowering effect of a preparation containing isolated soy protein alone. Therefore, such soy-based supplements can be useful in reducing the cardiovascular risk.
Anti-diabetic effects of shubat in type 2 diabetic rats induced by combination of high-glucose-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Shubat, probiotic fermented camel milk, has been used both as a drink with ethnic flavor and a medicine among Kazakh population for diabetic patients. Kazakh people have lower diabetic prevalence and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) than do other ethnic groups living in Xinjiang China, which might be related to the beneficial properties of shubat We therefore prepared shubat in laboratory and tested anti-diabetic activity and evaluated its possible hypolipidemic and renoprotective effects in type 2 diabetic rats.
The role of diltiazem in treating hypertension and coronary artery disease: New approaches to preventing first events; OBJECTIVE: To review the role of diltiazem in treating and preventing a group of cardiovascular diseases, including painful and silent cardiac ischemia, stroke, nonfatal myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death, by modulating certain physiological causes that they appear to share.
Dietary calcium and body mass index in a Mediterranean population; This cross-sectional study evaluated the association between daily calcium intake and body mass index (BMI) in 647 subjects from Reus, Spain. 261 men and 313 women, aged 18 to 70 years, were randomly selected from the population census. Food intake was quantified by the 24-hour recall method, for three non-consecutive days including one holiday. Weight and height were measured. The study sample was divided into quartiles of calcium intake adjusted for age, energy, and total fat and fiber intake in both men and women.
Time course of left ventricular volumes in severe congestive heart failure patients treated by optimized AV sequential left ventricular pacing alone - A 3-dimensional echocardiographic study; Background This study evaluates the acute and chronic resynchronizing effects of AV sequential left ventricular (LV) pacing on LV function in patients with impaired cardiac function and conduction disorders by 3-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography.
DASH Dietary Pattern and Cardiometabolic Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern, which emphasizes fruit, vegetables, fat-free/low-fat dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and limits saturated fat, cholesterol, red and processed meats, sweets, added sugars, salt and sugar-sweetened beverages, is widely recommended by international diabetes and heart association guidelines. Objective: To summarize the available evidence for the update of the European Association of the Study of Diabetes (EASD) guidelines, we conducted an umbrella review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach of the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiovascular disease and other cardiometabolic outcomes in prospective cohort studies and its effect on blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials in individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched through 3 January 2019. We included systematic reviews and meta-analyses assessing the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiometabolic disease outcomes in prospective cohort studies and the effect on cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized and non-randomized controlled trials. Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed the risk of bias of individual studies. The primary outcome was incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the prospective cohort studies and systolic blood pressure in the controlled trials. Secondary outcomes included incident coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes in prospective cohort studies and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials. If the search did not identify an existing systematic review and meta-analysis on a pre-specified outcome, then we conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis. The evidence was summarized as risk ratios (RR) for disease incidence outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for risk factor outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). The certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: We identified three systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 15 unique prospective cohort studies (n = 942,140) and four systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 31 unique controlled trials (n = 4,414) across outcomes. We conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis of 2 controlled trials (n = 65) for HbA1c. The DASH dietary pattern was associated with decreased incident cardiovascular disease (RR, 0.80 (0.76-0.85)), coronary heart disease (0.79 (0.71-0.88)), stroke (0.81 (0.72-0.92)), and diabetes (0.82 (0.74-0.92)) in prospective cohort studies and decreased systolic (MD, -5.2 mmHg (95% CI, -7.0 to -3.4)) and diastolic (-2.60 mmHg (-3.50 to -1.70)) blood pressure, Total-C (-0.20 mmol/L (-0.31 to -0.10)), LDL-C (-0.10 mmol/L (-0.20 to -0.01)), HbA1c (-0.53% (-0.62, -0.43)), fasting blood insulin (-0.15 U/mL (-0.22 to -0.08)), and body weight (-1.42 kg (-2.03 to -0.82)) in controlled trials. There was no effect on HDL-C, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, or CRP. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for SBP and low for CVD incidence and ranged from very low to moderate for the secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Current evidence allows for the conclusion that the DASH dietary pattern is associated with decreased incidence of cardiovascular disease and improves blood pressure with evidence of other cardiometabolic advantages in people with and without diabetes.
The antihypertensive effect of cysteine; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at an increased risk for stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Essential hypertension results from a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors. One such lifestyle factor is diet, and its role in the control of blood pressure has come under much scrutiny. Just as increased salt and sugar are known to elevate blood pressure, other dietary factors may have antihypertensive effects. Studies including the Optimal Macronutrient Intake to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart) study, Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT), International Study of Salt and Blood Pressure (INTERSALT) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study have demonstrated an inverse relationship between dietary protein and blood pressure. One component of dietary protein that may partially account for its antihypertensive effect is the nonessential amino acid cysteine. Studies in hypertensive humans and animal models of hypertension have shown that N-acetylcysteine, a stable cysteine analogue, lowers blood pressure, which substantiates this idea. Cysteine may exert its antihypertensive effects directly or through its storage form, glutathione, by decreasing oxidative stress, improving insulin resistance and glucose metabolism, lowering advanced glycation end products, and modulating levels of nitric oxide and other vasoactive molecules. Therefore, adopting a balanced diet containing cysteine-rich proteins may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension. An example of such a diet is the DASH diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products.
Daily Injection of Tumor Necrosis Factor-α Increases Hepatic Triglycerides and Alters Transcript Abundance of Metabolic Genes in Lactating Dairy Cattle; To determine whether inflammation can induce bovine fatty liver, we administered recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (rbTNF) to late-lactation Holstein cows. Cows (n = 5/treatment) were blocked by feed intake and parity and randomly assigned within block to control (CON; saline), rbTNF at 2 mu g/(kg(.)d), or pair-fed control (saline, intake matched) treatments. Treatments were administered once daily by subcutaneous injection for 7 d. Plasma samples were collected daily for analysis of glucose and FFA and a liver biopsy was collected on d 7 for triglyceride (TG) and quantitative RT-PCR analyses. Data were analyzed using treatment contrasts to assess effects of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and decreased feed intake. By d 7, feed intake of both rbTNF and pair-fed cows was similar to 15% less than CON (P < 0.01). Administration of rbTNF resulted in greater hepatic TNF alpha mRNA and protein aburdance and 103% higher liver TG content (P < 0.05) without affecting the plasma FFA concentration. Hepatic carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 transcript abundance tended to be lower (P = 0.09) and transcript abundance of fatty acid translocase and 1-acyl-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase was higher (both P < 0.05) after rbTNF treatment, consistent with increased FFA uptake and storage as TG. Transcript abundance of glucose-6-phosphatase (P < 0.05) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase I (P = 0.09), genes important for gluconeogenesis, was lower for rbTNF-treated cows. These findings indicate that TNF alpha promotes liver TG accumulation and suggest that inflammatory pathways may also be responsible for decreased glucose production in cows with fatty liver. J. Nutt. 139: 1451-1456, 2009.
Weight Loss, Dietary Intake and Pulse Wave Velocity; We have recently conducted a meta-analysis to determine the effect of weight loss achieved by an energy-restricted diet with or without exercise, anti-obesity drugs or bariatric surgery on pulse wave velocity (PWV) measured at all arterial segments. Twenty studies, including 1,259 participants, showed that modest weight loss (8% of the initial body weight) caused a reduction in PWV measured at all arterial segments. However, due to the poor methodological design of the included studies, the results of this meta-analysis can only be regarded as hypothesis generating and highlight the need for further research in this area. In the future, well-designed randomised controlled trials are required to determine the effect of diet-induced weight loss on PWV and the mechanisms involved. In addition, there is observational evidence that dietary components such as fruit, vegetables, dairy foods, sodium, potassium and fatty acids may be associated with PWV, although evidence from well-designed intervention trials is lacking. In the future, the effect of concurrently improving dietary quality and achieving weight loss should be assessed in randomised controlled trials. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Long-term consequences of early feeding on later obesity risk; Some 30 years ago, Gunter Dorner stated that the concentrations of hormones, metabolites and neurotransmitters during critical periods of early development will program disease risk in human adulthood, a concept that since has received enormous scientific support and broad attention. Evidence has also accumulated showing that early nutrition programs later obesity risk. Breastfeeding reduces the odds ratio for obesity at school age by about 20%, relative to formula feeding, adjusted for biological and sociodemographic confounding variables. We propose that the protective effect of breastfeeding is explained at least in part by the induction of lower rates of infant weight gain, which may be related to differences in substrate intakes with breast milk and standard infant formulae. Protein intake per kilogram body weight is some 55-80% higher in formula-fed than in breast-fed infants. We hypothesize that high early protein intakes in excess of metabolic requirements may enhance weight gain in infancy and later obesity risk (the 'early protein hypothesis'). The European Childhood Obesity Project is testing this hypothesis in a randomized double-blind intervention trial in more than 1,000 infants in 5 European countries. Infants that are not breast fed are randomized to formulae with higher or lower protein contents and are followed up to school age. If an effect of infant feeding habits on later obesity risk should be established, there is great potential for effective preventive intervention with a significant potential health benefit for the child and adult population. Copyright (c) 2006 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
The postprandial inflammatory response after ingestion of heated oils in obese persons is reduced by the presence of phenol compounds; Scope Heating during the process of cooking alters the chemical properties of foods and may affect subsequent postprandial inflammation. We tested the effects of four meals rich in different oils subjected to heating on the postprandial inflammatory metabolism of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Methods and results: Twenty obese participants received four breakfasts following a randomized crossover design, consisting of milk and muffins made with different oils (virgin olive oil (VOO), sunflower oil (SFO), and a mixture of seeds oil (SFO/ canola oil) with added either dimethylpolysiloxane (SOD), or natural antioxidants from olive mill wastewater alperujo (phenols; SOP)), previously subjected to 20 heating cycles. Postprandial inflammatory status in PBMCs was assessed by the activation of nuclear NF-kB, the concentration in cytoplasm of the NF-kappa B inhibitor (I kappa B-alpha), the mRNA levels of NF-kappa B subunits and activators (p65, IKK beta, and IKK alpha) and other inflammatory molecules (TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, MIF, and JNK), and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) levels. VOO and SOP breakfasts reduced NF-kappa B activation, increased IkB-alpha, and decreased LPS plasma concentration. SFO increased IKK alpha, IKK beta, p65, IL-1b, IL-6, MIF, and JNK mRNA levels, and plasma LPS. Conclusion: Oils rich in phenols, whether natural (VOO) or artificially added (SOP), reduce postprandial inflammation, compared with seed oil (sunflower).
Effect of High-intensity Training and Probiotics on Gut Microbiota Diversity in Competitive Swimmers: Randomized Controlled Trial; Background Physical exercise has favorable effects on the structure of gut microbiota and metabolite production in sedentary subjects. However, little is known whether adjustments in an athletic program impact overall changes of gut microbiome in high-level athletes. We therefore characterized fecal microbiota and serum metabolites in response to a 7-week, high-intensity training program and consumption of probiotic Bryndza cheese. Methods Fecal and blood samples and training logs were collected from young competitive male (n = 17) and female (n = 7) swimmers. Fecal microbiota were categorized using specific primers targeting the V1-V3 region of 16S rDNA, and serum metabolites were characterized by NMR-spectroscopic analysis and by multivariate statistical analysis, Spearman rank correlations, and Random Forest models. Results We found higher alpha-diversity, represented by the Shannon index value (HITB-pre 5.9 [+/- 0.4]; HITB-post 6.4 [+/- 0.4], p = 0.007), (HIT-pre 5.5 [+/- 0.6]; HIT-post 5.9 [+/- 0.6], p = 0.015), after the end of the training program in both groups independently of Bryndza cheese consumption. However, Lactococcus spp. increased in both groups, with a higher effect in the Bryndza cheese consumers (HITB-pre 0.0021 [+/- 0.0055]; HITB-post 0.0268 [+/- 0.0542], p = 0.008), (HIT-pre 0.0014 [+/- 0.0036]; HIT-post 0.0068 [+/- 0.0095], p = 0.046). Concomitant with the increase of high-intensity exercise and the resulting increase of anaerobic metabolism proportion, pyruvate (p[HITB] = 0.003; p[HIT] = 0.000) and lactate (p[HITB] = 0.000; p[HIT] = 0.030) increased, whereas acetate (p[HITB] = 0.000; p[HIT] = 0.002) and butyrate (p[HITB] = 0.091; p[HIT] = 0.019) significantly decreased. Conclusions Together, these data demonstrate a significant effect of high-intensity training (HIT) on both gut microbiota composition and serum energy metabolites. Thus, the combination of intensive athletic training with the use of natural probiotics is beneficial because of the increase in the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria.
Nutritional Aspects of Depression; Several nutrition, food and dietary compounds have been suggested to be involved in the onset and maintenance of depressive disorders and in the severity of depressive symptoms. Nutritional compounds might modulate depression associated biomarkers and parallel the development of depression, obesity and diabetes. In this context, recent studies revealed new mediators of both energy homeostasis and mood changes (i.e. IGF-1, NPY, BDNF, ghrelin, leptin, CCK, GLP-1, AGE, glucose metabolism and microbiota) acting in gut brain circuits. In this context several healthy foods such as olive oil, fish, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, poultry, dairy and unprocessed meat have been inversely associated with depression risk and even have been postulated to improve depressive symptoms. In contrast, unhealthy western dietary patterns including the consumption of sweetened beverage, refined food, fried food, processed meat, refined grain, and high fat diary, biscuits, snacking and pastries have been shown to be associated with an increased risk of depression in longitudinal studies. However, it is always difficult to conclude a real prospective causal relationship from these mostly retrospective studies as depressed individuals might also change their eating habits secondarily to their depression. Additionally specific selected nutritional compounds, e.g. calcium, chromium, folate, PUFAs, vitamin D, B12, zinc, magnesium and D-serine have been postulated to be used as ad-on strategies in antidepressant treatment. In this context, dietary and lifestyle interventions may be a desirable, effective, pragmatical and non-stigmatizing prevention and treatment strategy for depression. At last, several medications (pioglitazone, metformin, exenatide, atorvastatin, gram-negative antibiotics), which have traditionally been used to treat metabolic disorders showed a certain potential to treat depression in first randomized controlled clinical trials. (C) 2015 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Evaluating the performance, carcass traits and conjugated linoleic acid content in muscle and adipose tissues of Black Bengal goats fed soybean oil and sunflower oil; An experiment was conducted to investigate the feeding of soybean oil (SOY) and sunflower oil (SUN) on performance, carcass traits and fatty acid (FA) composition, including conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) in meat of Black Bengal goats. Eighteen growing goats (initial body weight (BW) of 11.1 +/- 0.49 kg and 9-12 months of age) were equally allotted into 3 groups (control, SOY and SUN) in a randomized complete block design (blocked according to initial BW). Goats were fed concentrate mixtures with similar nitrogen and calculated metabolizable energy content with added vegetable oils (SOY or SUN) at 45 g/kg dietary dry matter or without oil (control), and berseem hay (60:40). A metabolic trial was conducted after 105 days of feeding, and carcass traits and fatty acid composition of longissimus dorsi muscle and subcutaneous adipose tissues were determined at 122 days of feeding. Oil supplementation did not affect (P>0.05) average daily gains and feed intake in goats. Digestibilities of nutrients except ether extract (EE), and intake, excretion and balance of nitrogen were also similar (P>0.05) among dietary treatments. Digestibility of EE in goats receiving both plant oils was higher (P<0.01) than control. Feeding of oils did not affect (P>0.05) carcass traits, and percentages of protein, fat and ash in muscle. While supplementing oils did not change (P>0.05) the proportion of total saturated FA, they lowered several medium-chain FA in muscle and adipose tissues. However, the proportion of total polyunsaturated FA (PUFA; P<0.001) and CLA cis-9, trans-11 (P<0.001) in these tissues were highest in SUN, followed by SOY, and control. Oils had no effect (P>0.05) on concentrations of serum glucose, cholesterol and protein, but increased (P<0.05) serum triglyceride concentration compared with control. In conclusion, feeding of SOY and SUN at a concentration of 45 g/kg of total diets did not affect digestibility and performance, but increased the PUFA and CLA content in muscle and adipose tissues in Black Bengal goats with the greatest effect noted for SUN. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Testosterone-Associated Dietary Pattern Predicts Low Testosterone Levels and Hypogonadism; Obesity and low serum testosterone (T) levels are interrelated and strongly influenced by dietary factors, and their alteration entails a great risk of hypogonadism. Substantial evidence suggests a bidirectional relationship between nutrient metabolism (e.g., glucose, lipids, and iron) and T levels in men; however, T-related dietary patterns remain unclear. This study investigated the dietary patterns associated with serum total T levels and its predictive effect on hypogonadism and the body composition. Anthropometry, blood biochemistry, and food frequency questionnaires were collected for 125 adult men. Dietary patterns were derived using a reduced rank regression from 32 food groups. Overall prevalence rates of central obesity and hypogonadism were 48.0% and 15.7%, respectively. An adjusted linear regression showed that age, insulin, red blood cell (RBC) aggregation, and transferrin saturation independently predicted serum total T levels (all p < 0.01). The total T-related dietary pattern (a high consumption of bread and pastries, dairy products, and desserts, eating out, and a low intake of homemade foods, noodles, and dark green vegetables) independently predicted hypogonadism (odds ratio: 5.72; 95% confidence interval: 1.11-29.51, p < 0.05) for those with the highest dietary pattern scores (Q4) compared to those with the lowest (Q1). Scores were also negatively correlated with the skeletal muscle mass (p for trend = 0.002) but positively correlated with the total body fat mass (p for trend = 0.002), visceral fat mass (p for trend = 0.001), and to a lesser extent, subcutaneous fat mass (p for trend = 0.035) after adjusting for age. Randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm that improvement in dietary pattern can improve T levels and reduce hypogonadism.
Melatonin protects kidney grafts from ischemia/reperfusion injury through inhibition of NF-kB and apoptosis after experimental kidney transplantation; Free radicals are involved in pathophysiology of ischemia/reperfusion injury (IRI). Melatonin is a potent scavenger of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species. Thus, this study was designed to elucidate its effects in a model of rat kidney transplantation. Twenty Lewis rats were randomly divided into 2 groups (n = 10 animals each). Melatonin (50 mg/kg BW) dissolved in 5 mL milk was given to one group via gavage 2 hr before left donor nephrectomy. Controls were given the same volume of milk only. Kidney grafts were then transplanted into bilaterally nephrectomized syngeneic recipients after 24 hr of cold storage in Histidine-Tryptophan-Ketoglutarate solution. Both graft function and injury were assessed after transplantation through serum levels of blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, transaminases, and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). Biopsies were taken to evaluate tubular damage, the enzymatic activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and lipid hydroperoxide (LPO), and the expression of NF-kBp65, inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), caspase-3 as indices of oxidative stress, necrosis, and apoptosis, respectively. Melatonin improved survival (P < 0.01) while decreasing BUN, creatinine, transaminases, and LDH values up to 39-71% (P < 0.05). Melatonin significantly reduced the histological index for tubular damage, induced tissue enzymatic activity of SOD while reducing LPO. At the same time, melatonin down-regulated the expression of NF-kBp65, iNOS, and caspase-3. In conclusion, donor preconditioning with melatonin protected kidney donor grafts from IRI-induced renal dysfunction and tubular injury most likely through its anti-oxidative, anti-apoptotic and NF-kB inhibitory capacity.
Impact of a Short-Term Naturopathic Whole-Foods-Based Nutrition Education Intervention on Dietary Behavior and Diabetes Risk Markers: A Pilot Study; Objective: To assess the feasibility of measuring the health impacts of a 12-week naturopathic whole foods nutrition education course among adults with or at risk for prediabetes.
Possible anti-obesity effects of phytosterols and phytostanols supplementation in humans: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Present meta-analysis investigates the effects of phytosterols and phytostanol (PS) supplementation on anthropometric indices, using data from randomized controlled trials. We performed a systematic search in the databases: PubMed, Scopus, Cochran, and Web of Science. Weighted mean difference (WMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were presented. Overall, 79 randomized controlled trials investigated the effects of PS on anthropometric indices. Meta-analysis results did not reveal any significant effect of PS supplementation on weight (66 trials-WMD: -0.083 kg; CI [-0.233, 0.066]; I-2 = 42.5%), percentage fat mass (6 trials-WMD: -0.090%; CI [-0.789, 0.610]; I-2 = 0.0%), and waist circumference (WC; 5 trials-WMD: -0.039 cm; CI [-0.452, 0.374]; I-2 = 0.0%). However, body mass index (BMI) significantly decreased after PS supplementation (39 trials-WMD: -0.063 kg/m2, p = 0.024, I-2 = 25.1%). Subgroup analyses showed that PS supplementation in subjects with baseline BMI >= 25 and hyperlipidemic significantly decreased body weight and BMI. The overall results showed that although PS supplementation did not affect anthropometric indices (except BMI), baseline status regarding BMI and hyperlipidemia and also dose and duration could be contributing factors for favorable effects.
Effect of low carbohydrate high protein (LCHP) diet on lipid metabolism, liver and kidney function in rats; The objective of this study was to compare effects of Western diet (WD) with low carbohydrate high protein (LCHP) diet on lipid metabolism, liver and kidney function in rats. Eighteen rats were randomly assigned to three experimental groups and fed for the next 2 months. The experimental diets were: Control (7% of soybean oil, 20% protein), WD (21% of butter, 20% protein), and LCHP (21% of butter and 52.4% protein) diet. The LCHP diet significantly decreased the body weight of the rats. Diet consumption was differentiated among groups, however significant changes were observed since third week of the experiment duration. Rats fed LCHP diet ate significantly less (25.2 g/animal/day) than those from Control (30.2 Wanimal/day) and WD (27.8 g/animal/day) groups. Additionally, food efficiency ratio (FER) tended to decrease in LCHP fed rats. Serum homocysteine concentration significantly decreased in rats fed WD and LCHP diets. Liver weights were significantly higher in rats fed WD and LCHP diets. At the end of the experiment (2 months) the triacylglycerol (TAG) was significantly decreased in animals fed LCHP compared to WD. qRT-PCR showed that SCD-1 and FAS were decreased in LCHP fed rats, but WD diet increased expression of lipid metabolism genes. Rats receiving LCHP diet had two fold higher kidney weight and 54.5% higher creatinin level compared to Control and WD diets. In conclusion, LCHP diet decreased animal's body weight and decreased TAG in rat's serum. However, kidney damage in LCHP rats was observed. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Bioactive peptides in the management of lifestyle-related diseases: Current trends and future perspectives; Lifestyle-related diseases constitute a major concern in the twenty-first century, with millions dying worldwide each year due to chosen lifestyles and associated complications such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia. Although synthetic drugs have been shown to be quite effective in the treatment of these conditions, safety of these compounds remains a concern. Natural alternatives to drugs include food-derived peptides are now being explored for the prevention and treatment of lifestyle-related complications. Peptides are fragments nascent in the primary protein sequences and could impart health benefits beyond basic nutritional advantages. Evidence suggests that by controlling adipocyte differentiation and lipase activities, bioactive peptides may be able to prevent obesity. Bioactive peptides act as agents against type 2 diabetes because of their ability to inhibit enzymatic activities of DPP-IV, alpha-amylase, and alpha-glucosidase. Moreover, bioactive peptides can act as competitive inhibitors of angiotensin-converting enzyme, thus eliciting an antihypertensive effect. Bioactive peptides may have a hypocholesterolemic effect by inhibiting cholesterol metabolism pathways and cholesterol synthesis. This review addresses current knowledge of the impact of food-derived bioactive peptides on lifestyle diseases. In addition, future insights on the clinical trials, allergenicity, cytotoxicity, gastrointestinal stability, and regulatory approvals have also been considered.
Association of Academic Performance With Obesity and Unhealthy Lifestyle Among Female University Students; Aim
Sensory-specific satiety is intact in rats made obese on a high-fat high-sugar choice diet; Sensory-specific satiety (SSS) is the temporary decreased pleasantness of a recently eaten food, which inhibits further eating. Evidence is currently mixed whether SSS is weaker in obese people, and whether such difference precedes or follows from the obese state. Animal models allow testing whether diet induced obesity causes SSS impairment. Female rats (n = 24) were randomly assigned to an obesogenic high-fat, high-sugar choice diet or chow-only control. Tests of SSS involved pre-feeding a single palatable, distinctively-flavored food (cheese- or cocoa-flavored) prior to free choice between both foods. Rats were tested for short-term SSS (2 h pre-feeding immediately followed by 2 h choice) and long-term SSS (3 day pre-feeding prior to choice on day 4). In both short- and long-term tests rats exhibited SSS by shifting preference towards the food not recently eaten. SSS was not impaired in obese rats. On the contrary, in the long-term tests they showed stronger SSS than controls. This demonstrates that neither the obese state nor a history of excess energy consumption fundamentally causes impaired SSS in rats. The putative impaired SSS in obese people may instead reflect a specific predisposition, properties of the obesogenic diet, or history of restrictive dieting and bingeing. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
<i>Lactobacillus paragasseri</i> SBT2055 Activates Plasmacytoid Dendritic Cells and Improves Subjective Symptoms of Common Cold in Healthy Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Parallel-Group Comparative Trial; This study investigated whether Lactobacillus paragasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) activates plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDCs) and suppresses common cold symptoms in healthy adults. Cell-based experiments showed that a LG2055 treatment upregulated CD86 and HLA-DR expression in pDCs, indicating that LG2055 activates pDCs in vitro. In a subsequent randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group comparative trial, 200 participants were randomly divided into two groups and consumed three capsules with or without LG2055 once daily for 12 weeks. The primary outcome was the score on a daily physical health questionnaire survey of common cold symptoms. Three participants discontinued the trial and six participants were excluded from the analysis, thus 191 participants (95 in the LG2055 group and 96 in the placebo group) were analyzed. The LG2055 group showed a significantly higher ratio of "without symptoms" responses for runny nose, plugged nose, sneezing, sore throat, hoarseness, and chill than the placebo group. Furthermore, a stratified analysis revealed that LG2055 intake enhanced CD86 and HLA-DR expression in the pDCs of the participants with low secretion rates of salivary secretory immunoglobulin A. These data suggest that LG2055 suppresses the subjective symptoms of the common cold by activating pDCs and improving the host's immune system in healthy adults, especially in immune-weakened individuals (UMIN000049183).
Intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fatty acids and risk of all cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; OBJECTIVE
Eating Competence of Elderly Spanish Adults Is Associated with a Healthy Diet and a Favorable Cardiovascular Disease Risk Profile; Eating competence (EC), a bio-psychosocial model for intrapersonal approaches to eating and food-related behaviors, is associated with less weight dissatisfaction, lower BMI, and increased HDL-cholesterol in small U.S. studies, but its relationship to nutrient quality and overall cardiovascular risk have not been examined. Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) is a 5-y controlled clinical trial evaluating Mediterranean diet efficacy on the primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in Spain. In a cross-sectional study, 638 PREDIMED participants (62% women, mean age 67 y) well phenotyped for cardiovascular risk factors were assessed for food intake and EC using validated questionnaires. Overall, 45.6% were eating-competent. EC was associated with being male and energy intake (P < 0.01). After gender and energy adjustment, participants with EC compared with those without showed higher fruit intake and greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet (P < 0.05) and tended to consume more fish (P = 0.076) and fewer dairy products (P = 0.054). EC participants tended to have a lower BMI (P = 0.057) and had a lower fasting blood glucose concentration and serum LDL-:HDL-cholesterol ratio (P < 0.05) and a higher HDL-cholesterol concentration (P = 0.025) after gender adjustment. EC participants had lower odds ratios (OR) of having a blood glucose concentration >5.6 mmol/L (0.71; 95% Cl 0.51-0.98) and HDL-cholesterol <1.0 mmol/L (0.70; 95% Cl 0.68-1.00). The OR of actively smoking, being obese, or having a serum LDL-cholesterol concentration >= 3.4 mmol/L were <1.0, but the 95% Cl included the 1.0 (P > 0.1). Our findings support further examination of EC as a strategy for enhancing diet quality and CVD prevention. J. Nutr. 140: 1322-1327, 2010.
Intravenous Infusions of Glycerol Versus Propylene Glycol for the Regulation of Negative Energy Balance in Sheep: A Randomized Trial; Simple Summary Propylene glycol (PG) and glycerol are common energy substances used to supplement the feed of transitioning ruminants in order to minimize the development of metabolic disorders related to energy deficiency. Their effects on the energetic status of the animal have been, thus far, studied mostly by oral administration, which exposes them to substantial microbial metabolism in the rumen. This study compared the direct metabolic effects of these substances following their intravenous (IV) infusion. We found that glycerol was highly glucogenic and insulinotropic, as expected. However, surprisingly, PG had no significant effect on the circulating levels of glucose or insulin. Unlike glycerol, PG significantly raised circulating lactate levels and showed some potential tissue damage activity. Our study points to glycerol, rather than PG, as a potential IV treatment for efficient relief of hypoglycemia and hyperketonemia.
Beneficial effects of the probiotics and synbiotics supplementation on anthropometric indices and body composition in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Studies have suggested that probiotics and synbiotics can improve body weight and composition. However, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) demonstrated mixed results. Hence, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotics and synbiotics on body weight and composition in adults. We searched PubMed/Medline, Ovid/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library up to April 2023 using related keywords. We included all RCTs investigating the effectiveness of probiotics and/or synbiotics supplementation on anthropometric indices and body composition among adults. Random-effects models were applied for performing meta-analyses. In addition, we conducted subgroup analyses and meta-regression to explore the non-linear and linear relationship between the length of follow-up and the changes in each outcome. We included a total of 200 trials with 12,603 participants in the present meta-analysis. Probiotics or synbiotics intake led to a significant decrease in body weight (weighted mean difference [WMD]: -0.91 kg; 95% CI: -1.08, -0.75; p < 0.001), body mass index (BMI) (WMD: -0.28 kg/m(2); 95% CI: -0.36, -0.21; p < 0.001), waist circumference (WC) (WMD: -1.14 cm; 95% CI: -1.42, -0.87; p < 0.001), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (WMD: -0.01; 95% CI: -0.01, -0.00; p < 0.001), fat mass (FM) (WMD: -0.92 kg; 95% CI: -1.05, -0.79; p < 0.001), and percentage of body fat (%BF) (WMD: -0.68%; 95% CI: -0.94, -0.42; p < 0.001) compared to controls. There was no difference in fat-free mass (FFM) and lean body mass (LBM). Subgroup analyses indicated that probiotics or synbiotics administered as food or supplement resulted in significant changes in anthropometric indices and body composition. However, compared to controls, FM and %BF values were only reduced after probiotic consumption. Our results showed that probiotics or synbiotics have beneficial effects on body weight, central obesity, and body composition in adults and could be useful as an add on to weight loss products and medications.
Modulation of adipocyte lipogenesis by octanoate: involvement of reactive oxygen species; Background: Octanoate is a medium-chain fatty acid (MCFA) that is rich in milk and tropical dietary lipids. It also accounts for 70% of the fatty acids in commercial medium chain triglycerides (MCT). Use of MCT for weight control tracks back to early 1950s and is highlighted by recent clinical trials. The molecular mechanisms of the weight reduction effect remain not completely understood. The findings of significant amounts of MCFA in adipose tissue in MCT-fed animals and humans suggest a direct influence of MCFA on fat cell functions.
Intake and adipose tissue composition of fatty acids and risk of myocardial infarction in a male Portuguese community sample; Objective To evaluate the relation between intake and adipose tissue composition of fatty acids and acute myocardial infarction in Portuguese men.
Associations of Infant Nutrition with Insulin Resistance Measures in Early Adulthood: Evidence from the Barry-Caerphilly Growth (BCG) Study; Background: Previous studies suggest that over-nutrition in early infancy may programme long-term susceptibility to insulin resistance.
An acute intake of a walnut-enriched meal improves postprandial adiponectin response in healthy young adults; A deficit in adiponectin plays an important causal role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that as seen during the fasting state, the intake of a walnut-enriched meal increased postprandial adiponectin. Twenty-one healthy white men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body weight (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design: olive oil-enriched meal (22% saturated fatty acids [SFA], 38% monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]), butter-enriched meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA), and walnut-enriched meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUPA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Leptin, resistin, adiponectin, and free fatty acids were determined at 0, 3, 6, and 8.5 hours after the fat load. After the walnut-enriched meal, plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher at 3 and 6 hours (P = .011, P = .046, respectively) compared with the butter-enriched meal and higher at 6 hours compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (P = .036). Free fatty acid levels decreased from baseline at 3 hours after the walnut-enriched meal (P = .001). No differences were observed between the 3 meals for leptin and resistin responses. Our data confirmed a beneficial profile in the postprandial response to walnuts, source of omega-3 PUFA with an increased postprandial adiponectin and lower postprandial free fatty acid responses. These findings suggest that the postprandial state is important for understanding the possible cardioprotective effects associated with omega-3 PUFA dietary fat. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
An Interesterified Palm Olein Test Meal Decreases Early-Phase Postprandial Lipemia Compared to Palm Olein: a Randomized Controlled Trial; Palm oil that has been interesterified to produce a higher proportion of palmitic acid (16:0) in the sn-2 position reduces postprandial lipemia in young, normolipidemic men and women, but effects in older subjects with higher fasting triacylglycerol (TAG) concentrations are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that high-fat meals rich in interesterified palm olein (IPO) decrease lipemia and alter plasma lipoprotein fraction composition compared to native palm olein (NPO) in men aged 40-70 years with fasting TAG concentrations a parts per thousand yen1.2 mmol/L. Postprandial changes in plasma lipids following meals containing 75 g fat (NPO and IPO) were compared using a randomized, double-blind crossover design (n = 11). Although there were no significant differences in plasma TAG concentrations between meals over the total 6-h postprandial measurement period, IPO resulted in a decreased plasma TAG response during the first 4 h of the postprandial period (iAUC 1.65 mmol/L h, 95 % CI 1.01-2.29) compared to NPO (iAUC 2.33 mmol/L h, 95 % CI 1.58-3.07); meal effect P = 0.024. Chylomicron fraction TAG concentrations at 4-6 h were slightly reduced following IPO compared to NPO [NPO-IPO mean difference 0.29 mmol/L (95 % CI -0.01-0.59), P = 0.055]. There were no differences in IDL fraction TAG, cholesterol or apolipoprotein B48 concentrations following IPO compared with NPO. In conclusion, consuming a meal containing palm olein with a higher proportion of 16:0 in the sn-2 position decreases postprandial lipemia compared to native palm olein during the early phase of the postprandial period in men with higher than optimal fasting triacylglycerol concentrations.
Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis A12 prevents obesity- associated dyslipidemia by modulating gut microbiota-derived short-chain fatty acid production and energy metabolism in high-fat diet-fed mice; Background: Bifidobacterium lactis A12 (B. lactis A12) has been shown to have the potential to prevent obesity. However, the mechanisms by which it affects the control of energy metabolism have not been fully elucidated.Objective: The present work aimed to clarify the mechanisms by that B. lactis A12 has an effect on the management of energy metabolism.Design: Three-to five-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into five groups, 15 mice for each group. Low-fat diet (LFD) group and high-fat diet (HFD) group were fed with phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) on a daily basis. Cell-free supernatant (CFS), A12, and B. lactis BB12 (BB12) groups were fed with daily probiotics for 10 weeks (1 x 109 CFU of every strain).Results: The results showed that A12 effectively alleviated relieved weight gain and dyslipidemia, inhibited liver adipose accumulation, and improved leptin resistance in HFD-fed mice (p < 0.05). The anti-obesity effects of B. lactis A12 were closely related to the assembly of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), SCFA-down-stream receptors, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) secretion. Additionally, high-throughput sequencing of the 16S rRNA showed that B. lactis A12 supplementation reversed HFD-induced gut microbiota dysbiosis, which was possible related to the augmented abundance of SCFA-producing bacterium and a minimized ratio of Bacteroidetes to Firmicutes in mice.Conclusions: B. lactis A12 prevents obesity in some pathways, including the downregulation of sterol regulatory element binding protein-1 mRNA levels in the liver, modulation of the structure of gut microbi-ota in a gut microbiota-dependent manner, and the upregulation of the SCFA-producing bacteria-related G protein-coupled receptor 43 pathway.
Food Composition of the Diet in Relation to Changes in Waist Circumference Adjusted for Body Mass Index; Background: Dietary factors such as low energy density and low glycemic index were associated with a lower gain in abdominal adiposity. A better understanding of which food groups/items contribute to these associations is necessary.
Effect of incremental flaxseed supplementation of an herbage diet on methane output and ruminal fermentation in continuous culture; A. 4-unit dual-flow continuous culture fermentor system was used to assess the effect of increasing flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum) supplementation of an herbage-based diet on nutrient digestibility, microbial N synthesis, and methane (CH4) output. Treatments were randomly assigned to fermentors in a 4 x 4 Latin square design, with 7 d for diet adaptation and 3 d for data and sample collection. Treatments were 0, 5, 10, and 15% ground flaxseed supplementation of an orchardgrass (Dactylis glomerata L.) diet [70 g of total dry matter (DM) fed daily]. Samples were collected from the fermentors 4 times daily at feeding (0730, 1030, 1400, and 1900 h) on d 8 to 10 of each of four 10-d periods and analyzed for pH, ammonia-N, and volatile fatty acids. Gas samples for CH4 analysis were collected immediately before and. 1 and 2 h after the 0730 h feeding on d 8, 9, and 10 and at the 1400 h feeding on d 7, 8, and 9 of each period. Effluents were analyzed for DM, organic matter, crude protein, and neutral detergent fiber for determination of nutrient digestibilities, and for total purine concentration for estimation of microbial protein synthesis. Apparent DM, organic matter, and neutral detergent fiber digestibilities decreased linearly with increasing supplemental flaxseed, whereas true DM and organic matter digestibilities were not significantly affected by treatment, averaging 77.6 and 79.1%, respectively. Mean ruminal pH and concentration of total volatile fatty acids were not significantly affected by increasing the dietary concentration of flaxseed, averaging 6.68 and 55.9 mmol/L across treatments, respectively. However, molar proportions of acetate and propionate increased linearly, whereas those of butyrate and valerate decreased linearly with increasing flaxseed supplementation. Although CH4 output decreased linearly as supplemental flaxseed increased from 0 to 15% of diet DM, ammonia-N concentration, apparent crude protein digestibility, and microbial N synthesis did not differ across treatments. Incremental ground flaxseed supplementation of an herbage-based diet resulted in a corresponding decrease in CH4 output in a dual-flow continuous culture fermentor system. However, apparent nutrient digestibility also decreased with flaxseed supplementation, which, at the cow level, could result in decreased DM intake, milk production, or both.
Neuroprotective effects of consuming bovine colostrum after focal brain ischemia/reperfusion injury in rat model; To investigate the neuroprotective effects of bovine colostrums (BC), we evaluate the ability of consuming BC after focal brain ischemia/reperfusion injury rat model to reduce serum cytokine levels and infarct volume, and improve neurological outcome. Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into 4 groups; one sham operation and three experimental groups. In the experimental groups, MCA occlusion (2 h) and subsequent reperfusion (O/R) were induced with regional cerebral blood flow monitoring. One hour after MCAO/R and once daily during the experiment, the experimental group received BC while the other groups received 0.9% saline or low fat milk (LFM) orally. Seven days later, serum pro-inflammatory cytokine (IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha) and anti-inflammatory cytolcine (IL-10) levels were assessed. Also, the infarct volume was assessed by using a computerized image analysis system. Behavioral function was also assessed using a modified neurologic severity score and corner tum test during the experiment. Rats receiving BC after focal brain I/R showed a significant reduction (-26%/-22%) in infarct volume compared to LFM/saline rats, respectively (P < 0.05). Serum IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha levels were decreased significantly in rats receiving BC compared to LFM/saline rats (P < 0.05). In behavioral tests, daily BC intake showed consistent and significant improvement of neurological deficits for 7 days after MCAO/R. BC ingestion after focal brain ischemia/reperfusion injury may prevent brain injury by reducing serum pro-inflammatory cytolcine levels and brain infarct volume in a rat model.
The Effect of Dietary Glycemic Properties on Markers of Inflammation, Insulin Resistance, and Body Composition in Postmenopausal American Women: An Ancillary Study from a Multicenter Protein Supplementation Trial; Controversy exists as to whether high glycemic index/glycemic load (GI/GL) diets increase the risk of chronic inflammation, which has been postulated as a pathogenic intermediary between such diets and age-related alterations in body composition and insulin resistance. We conducted an ancillary study to a randomized, double-blind trial comparing the effects of a whey protein supplement (PRO, n = 38) and a maltodextrin supplement (CHO, n = 46) on bone density to evaluate the impact of a calibrated increase in GI/GL on inflammation, insulin resistance, and body composition in a healthy aging population. Markers of inflammation, HOMA, body composition, and GI/GL (estimated from 3-day food records) were assessed at baseline and 18 months. By 18 months, the GL in the CHO group increased by 34%, 88.4 +/- 5.2 -> 118.5 +/- 4.9 and did not change in the PRO group, 86.5 +/- 4.1 -> 82.0 +/- 3.6 (p < 0.0001). Despite this change there were no differences in serum CRP, IL-6, or HOMA at 18 months between the two groups, nor were there significant associations between GL and inflammatory markers. However, trunk lean mass (p = 0.0375) and total lean mass (p = 0.038) were higher in the PRO group compared to the CHO group at 18 months There were also significant associations for GL and change in total fat mass (r = 0.3, p = 0.01), change in BMI (r = 0.3, p = 0.005), and change in the lean-to-fat mass ratio (r = 0.3, p = 0.002). Our data suggest that as dietary GL increases within the moderate range, there is no detectable change in markers of inflammation or insulin resistance, despite which there is a negative effect on body composition.
Do Health Promoting Compounds of Flaxseed Attenuate Weight Gain Via Modulation of Obesity Gene Expression?; Diet-induced obesity (DIO) has been shown to increase DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) expression and DNMTs binding at obesity-associated genes. Natural compounds have the potential to reverse obesity-associated gene expression via the regulation of DNA methylation. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of health promoting compounds of flaxseed on DNMTs and obesity-associated gene expression and weight gain. Sixty C57BL/6J male mice were randomly assigned into one of the following diet groups and fed for eight weeks: 45% kcal fat; 45% kcal fat+10% whole flaxseed; 45% kcal fat+6% defatted flaxseed; 45% kcal fat+4% flaxseed oil; and 16% kcal fat. DNMT1, DNMT3a, DNMT3b, leptin, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-alpha expressions in adipose and muscle tissues were determined by real-time PCR. The health promoting compounds of flaxseed affected selected gene expression and attenuated weight gain. Further research is needed to identify the specific mechanisms modulating leptin or PPAR-alpha expression during DIO development.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and mood disorders; The hypothesis of a role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the pathophysiology of depression has emerged from the observation that depressed patients had decreased levels of n-3 long-chain PUFA (especially eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) in plasma, erythrocytes, or adipose tissue, as compared to healthy controls, a decrease which was not observed with n-6 PUFA. Suicide attempters have much lower levels of EPA and DHA in red blood cells than hospital controls. Recently, a decreased level of DHA has also been observed in the post-mortem brain cortex of patients with major depression. The fact that these changes were specific of the n-3 family suggests that a low n-3 PUFA status or intake predisposes to depression. International ecological studies show a strong negative correlation between apparent fish consumption and the prevalence of depression or of bipolar disorder, as well as between DHA content of maternal milk and the prevalence of postpartum depression. In cross-sectional studies in several countries, a higher risk of depression or of depressive symptoms has been found in subjects with a lower fish consumption. In a French cohort of adults, habitual fatty fish consumption or a higher n-3 PUFA intake were associated with a lower risk of depression, especially of recurrent depression. Randomized, placebo-controlled trials have been conducted to test the effects of long-chain n-3 PUFA in depressive or bipolar patients. EPA as an adjunct to a standard treatment appears to improve depressive patients or bipolar patients in depressive phase when given at the dose of 1-2 g/day, and fish oil prevents depressive recurrences in bipolar patients. Recently, a mixture of EPA plus DHA has proven efficiency in untreated depressive children. In summary, many epidemiological and clinical works in the last ten years have abundantly documented the existence of an association between a low n-3 PUFA intake or status and a greater risk of mood disorder, as well as a therapeutic potential of n-3 PUFA in depressed or bipolar patients. Other works are necessary in order to establish a causal relation between n-3 PUFA deficiency and depression, and to further explore their preventive or therapeutic use.
Long-term habituation to food in obese and nonobese women; Background: Habituation is a form of learning in which repeated exposure to a stimulus leads to a decrease in responding. Eating involves repeated presentation of the same food stimulus in a meal, and habituation is reliably observed within a meal such that faster rates of habituation are associated with less energy intake. It is possible that repeated presentation of the same food over days will lead to long-term habituation, such that subjects habituate to foods repeated over meals. However, no research on long-term habituation to food in humans has been conducted.
Prepartum dietary energy intake affects metabolism and health during the periparturient period in primiparous and multiparous Holstein cows; An experiment was conducted to determine the effect of prepartum plane of energy intake on metabolic profiles related to lipid metabolism and health in blood and liver. Primiparous (n = 24) and multiparous (n = 23) Holsteins were randomly assigned by expected date of parturition to 1 of 3 prepartum energy intakes. A high energy diet [1.62 Mcal of net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg; 15% crude protein] was fed for either ad libitum intake or restricted intake to supply 150% (OVR) or 80% (RES) of energy requirements for dry cows in late gestation. To limit energy intake to 100% of National Research Council requirements at ad libitum intake, chopped wheat straw was included as 31.8% of dry matter for a control diet (CON; 1.21 Mcal of NEL/kg of dry matter; 14.2% crude protein). Regardless of parity group, OVR cows had greater concentrations of glucose, insulin, and leptin in blood prepartum compared with either CON or RES cows; however, dietary effects did not carry over to the postpartum period. Prepartum nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) were lower in OVR cows compared with either CON or RES cows. Postpartum, however, OVR cows had evidence of greater mobilization of triacylglycerol (TAG) from adipose tissue as NEFA were higher than in CON or RES cows, especially within the first 10 d postpartum. Prepartum beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) was not affected by diet before parturition; however, within the first 10 d postpartum, OVR cows had greater BHBA than CON or RES cows. Prepartum diet did not affect liver composition prepartum; however, OVR cows had greater total lipid and TAG concentrations and lower glycogen postpartum than CON or RES cows. Frequency of ketosis and displaced abomasum was greater for OVR cows compared with CON or RES cows postpartum. Controlling or restricting prepartum energy intake yielded metabolic results that were strikingly similar both prepartum and postpartum, independent of parity group. The use of a bulky diet controlled prepartum energy intake in multiparous and primiparous cows, improved metabolic status postpartum, and reduced the incidence of health problems. When metabolic profiles are considered collectively, cows overfed energy prepartum exhibited an "overnutrition syndrome" with characteristics of clinical symptoms displayed by diabetic or obese nonruminant subjects. This syndrome likely contributed to metabolic dysfunction postpartum.
Beneficial effects of Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile and cytokines in patients with metabolic syndrome: A randomized trial. Effects of probiotics on metabolic syndrome; Objective: Human studies have shown the beneficial effects of probiotic microorganisms on the parameters of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and other cardiovascular risks, but to our knowledge the effect of Bifidobacterium lactis has not yet been reported. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of consumption of milk containing the probiotic B. lactis HNO19 on the classical parameters of MetS and other related cardiovascular risk factors.
Association of conjugated linoleic acid consumption and liver enzymes in human studies: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Objective: The aim of this study was to systematically review the association of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) consumption in two forms of foods enriched or supplemented with CIA on serum liver enzymes in human studies.
Determinants of Diabetic Foot Ulcer Among Adult Patients with Diabetes Attending the Diabetic Clinic in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: Unmatched Case-Control Study; Background: Diabetic foot ulcer is among the commonest complications of diabetic mellitus attributed to a number of morbidity and mortality cases in diabetic patients. Nowadays, the incidence of diabetic foot ulcer is increasing due to the increased prevalence of diabetes. However, the risk factors of the problem are less studied in Ethiopia. Hence, this study was conducted to assess the determinants of diabetic foot ulcer among adult patients with diabetes attending a diabetic clinic in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia in 2019.
Comparison of dietary and physical activity behaviors in women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 39 471 women; BACKGROUND Lifestyle (dietary and/or physical activity [PA]) modification is recommended as first-line therapy to manage polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Current recommendations are based on healthy lifestyle practices for the general public since evidence for unique lifestyle approaches in PCOS is limited and low quality. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE We aimed to synthesize evidence on dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and those without PCOS. Primary outcomes were overall diet quality, total energy intake and total PA, and secondary outcomes included macronutrients, micronutrients, food groups, foods, glycemic indices, sedentary time and sitting levels. We conducted this work to identify any unique lifestyle behaviors in women with PCOS that could underlie the propensity of weight gain and obesity in PCOS and be targeted for precision nutrition and PA interventions. These findings could be used to inform future practice recommendations and research that more effectively address complications (weight gain, obesity, diabetes, infertility, cardiovascular disease and mental health) in this high-risk population. SEARCH METHODS Databases of MEDLINE, Web of Science, Scopus and CINAHL were searched until 15 February 2022 to identify observational studies documenting dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and without PCOS (Controls). Studies on children, adolescents (<18 years), pregnant or menopausal-aged women (>50 years) were excluded. Data were pooled by random-effects models and expressed as (standardized) mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs. The risk of bias was assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). OUTCOMES Fifty-four studies (N = 39 471 participants; [n = 8736 PCOS; 30 735 Controls]) were eligible (96%; [52/54] NOS scores >= 7). Women with PCOS had higher cholesterol (MD: 12.78, 95% CI: 1.48 to 24.08 mg/day; P = 0.03; I-2 = 19%), lower magnesium (MD: -21.46, 95% CI: -41.03 to -1.91 mg/day; P = 0.03; I-2 = 76%), and a tendency for lower zinc (MD: -1.08, 95% CI: -2.19 to -0.03 mg/day; P = 0.05; I-2 = 96%) intake, despite lower alcohol consumption (MD: -0.95, 95% CI: -1.67 to 0.22 g/day; P = 0.02; I-2 = 0%) versus Controls. Also, women with PCOS had lower total PA (standardized mean difference: -0.38, 95% CI: -0.72 to 0.03; P = 0.03; I-2 = 98%). Conversely, energy, macronutrients (carbohydrate, fat, protein, fiber), micronutrients (folic acid, iron, calcium, sodium), glycemic index and glycemic load were similar (all: P >= 0.06). Most eligible studies reported lower total adherence to healthy eating patterns or poorer consumption of major food groups (grains, fruits, vegetables, proteins, seeds, nuts, dairy) in women with PCOS, as described narratively since variable study methodology did not permit meta-analyses. WIDER IMPLICATIONS Collective evidence supports that women with PCOS have a lower overall diet quality, poorer dietary intakes (higher cholesterol, lower magnesium and zinc) and lower total PA, despite lower alcohol consumption versus those without PCOS. Considerable heterogeneity among studies reinforces the need for research to address any relative contributions of other factors (e.g. genetic, metabolic or sociodemographic) to the observed differences. These clarifications may contribute to future evidence-based guideline recommendations on monitoring and managing PCOS in the era of precision lifestyle medicine.
Reported food intake and distribution of body fat: a repeated cross-sectional study; Background: Body mass, as well as distribution of body fat, are predictors of both diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In Northern Sweden, despite a marked increase in average body mass, prevalence of diabetes was stagnant and myocardial infarctions decreased. A more favourable distribution of body fat is a possible contributing factor. This study investigates the relative importance of individual food items for time trends in waist circumference (WC) and hip circumference (HC) on a population level.
Acute Effects of Dietary Carbohydrate Restriction on Glycemia, Lipemia and Appetite Regulating Hormones in Normal-Weight to Obese Subjects; Postprandial responses to food are highly dependent on the macronutrient composition of the diet. We investigated the acute effects of transition from the recommended moderately high carbohydrate (HC) diet towards a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia, lipemia, and appetite-regulating hormones in non-diabetic adults. Fourteen subjects, including five males (Mean +/- SD: age 62 +/- 6.5; BMI 32 +/- 7.6 kg/m(2); hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) 40 +/- 3.0 mmol/mol; HOMA2-IR 2.1 +/- 0.9) were included in this randomized, cross-over study. Iso-caloric diets were consumed for two consecutive days with a median wash-out period of 21 days (range 2-8 weeks) between diets (macronutrient energy composition: CRHP/HC; 31%/54% carbohydrate, 29%/16% protein, 40%/30% fat). Postprandial glucose, insulin secretion rate (ISR), triglycerides (TGs), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), and satiety ratings were assessed after ingestion of breakfast (Br) and lunch (Lu), and gut hormones and glucagon were assessed after ingestion of Br. Compared with the HC diet, the CRHP diet reduced peak glucose concentrations (Br 11%, p = 0.024; Lu 11%, p < 0.001), glucose excursions (Br 80%, p = 0.20; Lu 85%, p < 0.001), and ISR (Br 31%; Lu 64%, both p < 0.001) whereas CRHP, as compared with HC, increased glucagon-like peptide-1 (Br 27%, p = 0.015) and glucagon values (Br 249%, p < 0.001). NEFA and TG levels increased in the CRHP diet as compared with the HC diet after Br, but no difference was found after Lu (NEFA Br 22%, p < 0.01; TG Br 42%, p = 0.012). Beta-cell glucose sensitivity, insulin clearance, cholecystokinin values, and subjective satiety ratings were unaffected. It is possible to achieve a reduction in postprandial glycemia and insulin without a deleterious effect on beta-cell glucose sensitivity by substituting part of dietary carbohydrate with iso-caloric protein and fat in subjects without type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The metabolic effects are more pronounced after the second meal.
Nature and strength of epidemiological evidence for origins of childhood and adulthood obesity in the first year of life; Increased interest in early life origins of chronic disease, a concept often referred to as programming, has resulted in several studies investigating the origins of childhood or adulthood obesity during infancy. Rapid infancy weight gain as a risk factor and breastfeeding as a protective factor for later obesity have been most thoroughly studied. The association between rapid infancy weight gain and later obesity is supported by several observational studies, but not by the two, relatively small, randomized trials. This association is strong, suggests a dose-response effect and has biological plausibility, but is not consistent between study designs. Rapid infancy weight gain as a risk factor for later obesity has been experimentally reproduced in animal models, but not in humans. The protective effect of breastfeeding on obesity is also supported by several observational studies, but randomized trials are not available. Considering the potential for residual confounding factors, current evidence is insufficient to demonstrate origins of obesity during infancy or to change public health recommendations, but the potential for obesity prevention during infancy is promising.
Plasma levels of copper, manganese and selenium in an adult population in southern Spain: Influence of age, obesity and lifestyle factors; Copper, manganese and selenium are elements involved in protecting the body against oxidative stress. Determining their plasma level may contribute to assessing the health and nutritional status of populations. The aim of this study was to assess factors influencing copper, manganese and selenium plasma levels in an adult Mediterranean population and to identify groups at risk of deficiency. A cross-sectional survey was carried out in Andalusia, a region in southern Spain. Blood samples were obtained in a random subsample of 340 subjects. Food consumption was assessed by 48-h recall. Height, weight, skinfolds, waist and hip circumferences were measured. Copper. manganese and selenium were measured in plasma. information about physical exercise, educational level, alcohol and smoking habits was obtained with a structured questionnaire. Plasma copper was found to be higher in women than among men. Hypocupraemia was found in 4.4% of the population, while 9.7% presented hypomanganesemia. Moreover. 86.5% presented plasma selenium values below 125 mu g/L (cutoff for optimal glutathione peroxidase activity). No association was found between plasma elements, anthropometric indices and lifestyle factors: there were tendencies, no more. Copper tended to decrease in obese and increase in sedentary, while selenium tended to decrease among smokers. Plasma Cu was positively correlated with the consumption of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats. Plasma Mn was directly correlated with the consumption of dairy products. Levels of Se were positively correlated with age, the consumption of fruit, vegetables, energy obtained from carbohydrates, and the consumption of fibre, and inversely correlated with the consumption of meat and sweets. Our results provide an estimate of the copper, manganese and selenium status in the adult population of southern Spain. The correlations found for Se suggest that there is a tendency for Se levels to be better maintained among the population that shows a stronger preference for the traditional diet. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary Protein Consumption and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: ADose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The relationship between dietary protein consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has been inconsistent. The aim of this meta-analysis was to explore the relations between dietary protein consumption and the risk of T2D. We conducted systematic retrieval of prospective studies in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science. Summary relative risks were compiled with a fixed effects model or a random effects model, and a restricted cubic spline regression model and generalized least squares analysis were used to evaluate the diet-T2D incidence relationship. T2D risk increased with increasing consumption of total protein and animal protein, red meat, processed meat, milk, and eggs, respectively, while plant protein and yogurt had an inverse relationship. A non-linear association with the risk for T2D was found for the consumption of plant protein, processed meat, milk, yogurt, and soy. This meta-analysis suggests that substitution of plant protein and yogurt for animal protein, especially red meat and processed meat, can reduce the risk for T2D.
Enhancement of dorsal random-pattern skin flap survival in rats with topical lidocaine and prilocaine (EMLA):: Enhancement of flap survival by EMLA; Background. Various topical pharmacologic agents have been investigated for their efficacy in preventing or reversing skin flap ischemia. Most of these studies have focused on agents that act on the vascular smooth muscles to cause vasodilatation and improve circulation in the flap. Most of local anesthetics relax vascular smooth muscle and produce peripheral vasodilatation. Topical lidocaine administration was shown that it was an effective and prompt resolution of mechanically induced vasospasm. The topical analgesia cream, EMLA is a mixture of the substances lidocaine and prilocaine. EMLA causes a biphasic vascular response comprising initial blanching and vasoconstriction (maximal after 1.5 h of application) and late erythema and vasodilatation at application times longer than 3 h.
Fatty acid chain length, postprandial satiety and food intake in lean men; High-fat diets are associated with obesity, and the weak satiety response elicited in response to dietary lipids is likely to play a role. Preliminary evidence from studies of medium (MCT) and long chain triglycerides (LCT) supports greater appetite suppression on high-MCT diets, possibly a consequence of direct portal access, more rapid oxidation and muted lipaemia. No data is as yet available on high-SCT diets which also have direct hepatic access. In this study SCT- (dairy fats), MCT- (coconut oil) and LCT-enriched (beef tallow) test breakfasts (3.3 MJ) containing 52 g lipid (58 en% fat) were investigated in a randomized, cross-over study in 18 lean men. All participants were required to complete the 3 study days in randomised order. Participants rated appetite sensations using visual analogue scales (VAS), and energy intake (El) was measured by covert weighing of an ad libitum lunch meal 3.5 h postprandially. Blood samples were collected by venous cannulation. There were no detectable differences between breakfasts in perceived pleasantness, visual appearance, smell, taste, aftertaste and palatability (P>0.05). There was no significant effect of fatty acid chain length on ratings of hunger, fullness, satisfaction or current thoughts of food, nor did energy (mean, sem: SCT: 4406, 366 kJ; MCT: 4422, 306 kJ; LCT: 4490, 324 kJ; P>0.05) or macronutrient intake at lunch differ between diets. The maximum difference in El between diets was less than 2%. Postprandial lipaemia also did not differ significantly. We conclude that there was no evidence that fatty acid chain length has an effect on measures of appetite and food intake when assessed following a single high-fat test meal in lean participants. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Do probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics affect adiponectin and leptin in adults? A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials; Background & aims: Human studies have reported controversial findings regarding the health promoting effects of probiotic, prebiotic and synbiotic on adiponectin and leptin levels. This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to understand the effect of probiotics, prebiotics or synbiotics on adiponectin and leptin levels in adults.
The lipogenic gene expression of mammary was inhibited by CLA in lactating mice; In order to test the lipogenic gene expression of mammary gland in lactating animal which received the CLA, mice are housed individually in polycarbonate cages. All animals were fed the laboratory chow diet for the first 3 d. On day 4 postpartum, six lactating mice were randomly assigned to the control group (2% Peanut oil) or low lever CLA groups (LL group, 0.5% CLA + 1.5% Peanut oil); median lever CLA group (ML group, 1% CLA+ 1% Peanut oil); high lever CLA group (HL group, 1.5% CLA+ 0.5% Peanut oil) from day 4 to 15 postpartum. The body weight and food intake of dam and body weight of pup was tested every day. The weight and composition of Milk were measured by the chemistry method. The mRNA expression of lipogenic gene was measured using real-time PCR. The results showed that dam body weight didn't changed through the testing period, but the food significantly decreased of HL group compared with control group(13.75 vs 19.45), After the intake of CLA food, The pups of HL group lost weight more rapidly, and from d 8 had significantly lower body weights than control pups (P<0.01). The milk weight obtained from the stomach ranged between 0.94 to 0.55 g/suckling pup. The milk lipid concentration of HL group was significantly lower than control(10.82 vs 15.42, p=0.003). There were no differences in the protein and lactose concentrations of milk from CLA and control groups. mRNA expression ratio of ACC, SCD, LPL, FASN gene were significantly downregulated in mammary tissue in HL group compared with control (p<0.05). The regulators of SREBP mRNA gene expression was also down-regulated in mammary tissue in HL group compared with control group. In the present study, Our results shows that CLA ingestion during lactation decreased the synthesis of lipids in the mammary gland of mice.
GEOGRAPHICAL-DISTRIBUTION OF CEREBROVASCULAR-DISEASE MORTALITY AND FOOD INTAKES IN JAPAN; The present study focusses on an analysis of the relationship between cerebrovascular disease mortality and food intake. For this purpose, standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) from cerebrovascular disease were calculated for 3341 basic administrative units (wards, cities, towns and villages) between 1969 and 1978 in Japan. The major nutrient intakes and 30 selected food items were obtained from the 1974-1974 Ministry of Health and Welfare, National Nutrition Surveys in 1040 randomly sampled census tracts in 600 areas (18% of the nation). Our analysis demonstrates that the geographical pattern of cerebrovascular disease SMRs in Japan vary from higher in East Japan to lower in the West, and higher in the less urbanized areas, and lower in the more urban ones. Foods positively associated with cerebrovascular disease were rice and other starchy foods, pork, algae (seaweed), and salty foods such as miso (soybean paste), pickled vegetables, soy sauce and salted fish. All of these foods,  with the exception of pork, are part of the traditional Japanese diet. On the contrary, mortality was negatively associated with intakes of wheat, butter and margarine, beef and eggs, items considered to bre representative of a European diet. Using a stepwise multiple regression analysis, miso and salted fish were selected as positive, and beef and eggs as negative correlates of cerebrovascular disease mortality. According to these results, it is suggested that these four foods are useful as  negative and positive indicators of improvement in dietary intakes as related to the reduction in the occurrence of cerebrovascular disease.
Postprandial variations in fibrinolytic activity in middle-aged men are modulated by plasminogen activator inhibitor I <i>4G</i>-<i>675</i>/<i>5G</i> genotype but not by the fat content of a meal; Background: Decreased fibrinolytic activity is associated with an increased risk of ischemic heart disease and elevated plasma triacylglycerol concentrations.
Facilitators and barriers to weight loss and weight loss maintenance: a qualitative exploration; BackgroundThe present study aimed to explore facilitators and barriers to weight loss (WL) and weight loss maintenance (WLM) in women who participated in a primary, 18-week comparative trial that promoted WL with an energy-restricted diet.
Electrorheology leads to healthier and tastier chocolate; Chocolate is one of the most popular food types and flavors in the world. Unfortunately, at present, chocolate products contain too much fat, leading to obesity. Although this issue was called into attention decades ago, no actual solution was found. To bypass this critical outstanding problem, two manufacturers introduced some low-calorie fats to substitute for cocoa butter. Somehow, their products are not allowed in most countries. Here we show that this issue is deeply related to the basic science of soft matter, especially to the viscosity of liquid suspension and maximally random jammed (MRJ) density. When the concentration of cocoa solid is high, close to the MRJ density, removing a small amount of fat will jam the chocolate flow. Applying unconventional electrorheology to liquid chocolate with applied field in the flow direction, we aggregate the cocoa particles into prolate spheroids in micrometers. This microstructure change breaks the rotational symmetry, reduces liquid chocolate's viscosity along the flow direction, and increases its MRJ density significantly. Hence the fat level in chocolate can be effectively reduced. We are expecting a new class of healthier and tastier chocolate soon.
Experimental brush wear pattern and cariostatic effect of Biscover; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the experimental brush wear pattern of a light cured surface sealant, Biscover (Bisco, Schaumburg, IL), and to evaluate its cariostatic effect. Methods: Caries-free human premolars were used for the Biscover coating group (n = 90) and the control group (n = 10). The Biscover coating group was randomly assigned to nine subgroups of 10 each and the control group was assigned to two subgroups of 5 each according to the number of brushing strokes. An experimental 3-body wear test was conducted under different strokes of wear test. Tooth-brushing was accomplished with movement of each brush head set at a frequency of 100 rpm under a force of 1.5 N. Surface roughness was tested before, and after Biscover coating, and after brushing. Then, each of the 10 teeth of both groups were placed in artificial caries inducing solution for 7 days. All tooth surfaces were assessed using scanning electron microscopy. Results: Biscover coated surfaces showed a smoother texture than enamel surfaces. The roughness was increased after experimental brushing and after 10,800 brushing strokes, the whole layer of Biscover wore out. However, teeth in the Biscover coating group had a cariostatic effect in cariogenic conditions. Conclusions: We suggest that white lesions in orthodontic patients can be suppressed by topical applications of Biscover.
Energy expenditure and substrates oxidative patterns, after glucose, fat or mixed load in normal weight subjects; Objectives: To evaluate energy balance after three isocaloric oral loads of different composition and to establish possible relationships between the substrates oxidative patterns and the modifications of insulin and free fatty acids (FFA) plasma profiles.
Identification of food and nutrient components as predictors of <i>Lactobacillus</i> colonization; A previous double-blind, randomized clinical trial of 42 healthy individuals conducted with Lactobacillus johnsonii N6.2 found that the probiotic's mechanistic tryptophan pathway was significantly modified when the data was stratified based on the individuals' lactic acid bacteria (LAB) stool content. These results suggest that confounding factors such as dietary intake which impact stool LAB content may affect the response to the probiotic treatment. Using dietary intake, serum metabolite, and stool LAB colony forming unit (CFU) data from a previous clinical trial, the relationships between diet, metabolic response, and fecal LAB were assessed. The diets of subject groups with high vs. low CFUs of LAB/g of wet stool differed in their intakes of monounsaturated fatty acids, vegetables, proteins, and dairy. Individuals with high LAB consumed greater amounts of cheese, fermented meats, soy, nuts and seeds, alcoholic beverages, and oils whereas individuals with low LAB consumed higher amounts of tomatoes, starchy vegetables, and poultry. Several dietary variables correlated with LAB counts; positive correlations were determined for nuts and seeds, fish high in N-3 fatty acids, soy, and processed meats, and negative correlations to consumption of vegetables including tomatoes. Using machine learning, predictors of LAB count included cheese, nuts and seeds, fish high in N-3 fatty acids, and erucic acid. Erucic acid alone accurately predicted LAB categorization, and was shown to be utilized as a sole fatty acid source by several Lactobacillus species regardless of their mode of fermentation. Several metabolites were significantly upregulated in each group based on LAB titers, notably polypropylene glycol, caproic acid, pyrazine, and chondroitin sulfate; however, none were correlated with the dietary intake variables. These findings suggest that dietary variables may drive the presence of LAB in the human gastrointestinal tract and potentially impact response to probiotic interventions.
Calcium plus vitamin D supplementation and the risk of postmenopausal weight gain; Background: Obesity in the United States has increased significantly during the past several decades. The role of calcium in the maintenance of a healthy body weight remains controversial.
Influence of whey protein and its hydrolysate on prehypertension and postprandial hyperglycaemia in adult men; The effects of pre-meal consumption of whey protein isolate (WPI) and its hydrolysate (WPH) on blood pressure in pre-hypertensive and post-meal plasma responses in type 2 diabetic subjects were investigated. In a placebo-controlled double-blind randomised study, ten male patients with type 2 diabetes received dosages of WPI or WPH (0, 0.1, 0.2 and 0.4 g kg(-1) body weight). Ingestion of 0.2 g kg(-1) WPH or 0.4 g kg(-1) WPI markedly promoted insulin secretion leading to a major reduction (p < 0.01) in post-challenge plasma glucose response. Plasma insulin concentration increased significantly (p < 0.05) only in the 0.4 g kg(-1) WPH trial concomitant with returning the glucose level to the normal range 2 h after the meal. Neither WPH nor WPI (21 g day(-1)) caused a significant reduction (p > 0.05) in systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure of pre-hypertensive subjects over the one-week administration. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Determinants of elevated chemerin as a novel biomarker of immunometabolism: data from a large population-based cohort; Objective: Chemerin is a novel inflammatory biomarker suggested to play a role in the development of metabolic disorders, providing new avenues for treatment and prevention. Little is known about the factors that predispose elevated chemerin concentrations. We therefore aimed to explore a range of lifestyle-associated, dietary, and metabolic factors as potential determinants of elevated chemerin concentrations in asymptomatic adults.
Dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra™)on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption; Objective: To investigate the dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra(TM)) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption in non-overweight subjects.
Sodium Danshensu promotes the healing of stage 2 pressure injury wounds in ischemia/reperfusion injury rat models: possible regulation of apoptosis and inflammatory response; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the protective effect and possible mechanism of sodium Danshensu (SDSS) against pressure injury caused by ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury.
CERULETIDE DECREASES FOOD-INTAKE IN NONOBESE MAN; Cholecystokinin decreases food intake in animals and in man. Whether the structurally related ceruletide reduces food intake in healthy non-obese man was investigated. Twelve females and 12 males participated, after an overnight fast, in each of 2 experiments. During the basal 40 min, saline was infused i.v. Thereafter, the infusion was, in random double-blind fashion, either continued with saline or switched to 60 or 120 ng/kg body wt per h ceruletide. Butter was melted in a pan and scrambled eggs with ham were prepared in front of the subjects, who were instructed to eat, together with bread and mallow tea, as much as they wanted. With 120 ng/kg per h ceruletide, the subjects ate significantly less (16.8%) than with saline (3725 kJ .+-. 489 SEM [SE of mean] and 4340 kJ .+-. 536, respectively; P < 0.025). They also reported less hunger (P. L 0.005) and activation (P < 0.01), and had longer reaction times (P < 0.01) and a weaker psychomotor performance (P < 0.025). Ceruletide (60 ng/kg per h) decreased food intake only slightly (6.6%; 3089 kJ .+-. 253 and 3292 kJ .+-. 300, respectively) and no significant changes in the above measures occurred. Ceruletide reduces food intake in man, thus resembling the effects of cholecystokinin.
Current issues surrounding the definition of <i>trans</i>-fatty acids: implications for health, industry and food labels; The definition of trans-fatty acids (TFA) was established by the Codex Alimentarius to guide nutritional and legislative regulations to reduce TFA consumption. Currently, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is excluded from the TFA definition based on evidence (primarily preclinical studies) implying health benefits on weight management and cancer prevention. While the efficacy of CLA supplements remains inconsistent in randomised clinical trials, evidence has emerged to associate supplemental CLA with negative health outcomes, including increased subclinical inflammation and oxidative stress (particularly at high doses). This has resulted in concerns regarding the correctness of excluding CLA from the TFA definition. Here we review recent clinical and preclinical literature on health implications of CLA and ruminant TFA, and highlight several issues surrounding the current Codex definition of TFA and how it may influence interpretation for public health. We find that CLA derived from ruminant foods differ from commercial CLA supplements in their isomer composition/distribution, consumption level and bioactivity. We conclude that health concerns associated with the use of supplemental CLA do not repudiate the exclusion of all forms of CLA from the Codex TFA definition, particularly when using the definition for food-related purposes. Given the emerging differential bioactivity of TFA from industrial v. ruminant sources, we advocate that regional nutrition guidelines/policies should focus on eliminating industrial forms of trans-fat from processed foods as opposed to all TFA per se.
Role of Physical Activity and Diet After Colorectal Cancer Diagnosis; This review summarizes the evidence regarding physical activity and diet after colorectal cancer diagnosis in relation to quality of life, disease recurrence, and survival. There have been extensive reports on adiposity, inactivity, and certain diets, particularly those high in red and processed meats, and increased risk of colorectal cancer. Only in the past decade have data emerged on how such lifestyle factors are associated with outcomes in colorectal cancer survivors. Prospective observational studies have consistently reported that physical activity after colorectal cancer diagnosis reduces mortality. A meta-analysis estimated that each 15 metabolic equivalent task-hour per week increase in physical activity after colorectal cancer diagnosis was associated with a 38% lower risk of mortality. No randomized controlled trials have been completed to confirm that physical activity lowers risk of mortality among colorectal cancer survivors; however, trials have shown that physical activity, including structured exercise, is safe for colorectal cancer survivors (localized to metastatic stage, during and after treatment) and improves cardiorespiratory fitness and physical function. In addition, prospective observational studies have suggested that a Western dietary pattern, high carbohydrate intake, and consuming sugar-sweetened beverages after diagnosis may increase risk of colorectal cancer recurrence and mortality, but these data are limited to single analyses from one of two US cohorts. Additional data from prospective studies and randomized controlled trials are needed. Nonetheless, on the basis of the available evidence, it is reasonable to counsel colorectal cancer survivors to engage in regular physical activity and limit consumption of refined carbohydrates, red and processed meats, and sugar-sweetened beverages. (C) 2015 by American Society of Clinical Oncology
Simultaneous ingestion of dietary proteins reduces the bioavailability of galloylated catechins from green tea in humans; To investigate the influence of dietary proteins (casein, soy protein) and skimmed milk on the plasma kinetics of green tea (GT) catechins.
The impacts of dietary sphingomyelin supplementation on metabolic parameters of healthy adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Studies have shown that sphingomyelin (SM) and its metabolites play signaling roles in the regulation of human health. Endogenous SM is involved in metabolic syndrome (MetS), while dietary SM supplementation may maintain lipid metabolism and prevent or alleviate MetS. Therefore, we hypothesized that dietary SM supplementation is beneficial for human health. Aims: In order to examine the impacts of dietary SM on metabolic indexes in adults without MetS, we performed a meta-analysis to test our hypothesis. Methods A comprehensive search was performed to retrieve randomized controlled trials that were conducted between 2003 and 2023 to examine the effects of dietary SM supplementation on metabolic parameters in the Cochrane Library, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases. RevMan 5.4 and Stata 14.0 software were used for meta-analysis, a sensitivity analysis, the risk of bias, and the overall quality of the resulted evidence. Results: Eventually, 10 articles were included in this meta-analysis. Dietary SM supplementation did not affect the endline blood SM level. When compared to the control, SM supplementation reduced the blood total cholesterol level [MD: -12.97, 95% CI: (-14.57, -11.38), p < 0.00001], low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level [MD: -6.62, 95% CI: (-10.74, -2.49), p = 0.002], and diastolic blood pressure [MD: -3.31; 95% CI (-4.03, -2.58), p < 0.00001] in adults without MetS. The supplementation also increased high-density lipoprotein level [MD:1.41, 95% CI: (0.94, 1.88), p < 0.00001] and muscle fiber conduction velocity [MD: 95% 1.21 CI (0.53, 1.88), p = 0.0005]. The intake of SM had no effect on the blood phospholipids and lyso-phosphatidylcholine, but slightly decreased phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine, and phosphatidylinositol concentrations. Dietary SM supplementation reduced insulin level [MD: -0.63; 95% CI (-0.96, -0.31), p = 0.0001] and HOMA-IR [MD: -0.23; 95% CI (-0.31, -0.16), p < 0.00001] without affecting blood levels of glucose and inflammatory cytokines. Conclusion: Overall, dietary SM supplementation had a protective effect on blood lipid profiles and insulin level, but had limited impacts on other metabolic parameters in adults without MetS. More clinical trials and basic research are required. Systematic review registration PROSPERO, identifier CRD42023438460.
Is Ramadan model of intermittent fasting related to hedonic hunger?; PurposeThe purpose of this study was to examine hedonic hunger at the end of the Ramadan fasting. Design/methodology/approachData were collected by the Power of Food Scale (PFS), Food Craving Questionnaire-Trait (FCQ-T) and the Visual Analogue Scale. All data were taken twice at the beginning and end of Ramadan fasting. FindingsA total number of 105 volunteers (43.8% female and 56.2% male) participated in a cross-sectional study. Ramadan fasting associated with PFS food tasted sub-factor, whereas no association was found on PFS aggregate and other PFS domain factors. Participants had higher PFS food tasted domain score at the end of the Ramadan fasting than before Ramadan fasting (p < 0.001). Total FCQ-T score as well as all sub-domains did not differ significantly. Females desired to consume carbonated beverages more, whereas in male (p = 0.04), ice cream was the most craved food. Originality/valueThe findings of this study provide data to the literature about the relation between Ramadan fasting and hedonic hunger. Ramadan fasting appears to have an influence on pleasure at first bite. The effect of Ramadan fasting on hedonic hunger should be tested with larger samples and controlled trials.
Food consumption of Sri Lankan adults: an appraisal of serving characteristics; Objective: The main aim of the present study was to identify food consumption in Sri Lankan adults based on serving characteristics.
Short Communication: Maternal obesity alters ovine endometrial gene expression during peri-implantation development; Exposure to maternal obesity in utero is associated with marked developmental effects in offspring that may not be evident until adulthood. Mechanisms regulating the programming effects of maternal obesity on fetal development have been reported, but little is known about how maternal obesity affects the earliest periods of embryonic development. This work explored how obesity influences endometrial gene expression during the peri-implantation period using a sheep model. Ewes were assigned randomly to diets that produced an obese state or maintained a lean state. After 4 mo, obese and lean ewes were bred and then euthanized at day 14 post-breeding. The uterus was excised, conceptuses were flushed, and endometrial tissue was collected. Isolated RNA from endometrial tissues (n = 6 ewes/treatment) were sequenced using an Illumina-based platform. Reads were mapped to the Ovis aries genome (Oar_4.0). Differential gene expression was determined, and results were filtered (false discovery rate <= 0.05 and >= 2-fold change, >= 0.2 reads/kilobase/million reads). Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified (n = 699), with 171 downregulated and 498 upregulated in obese vs. lean endometrium, respectively. The most pronounced gene ontology categories identified were cellular process, metabolic process, and biological regulation. Enrichments were detected within the DEGs for genes involved with immune system processes, negative regulation of apoptosis, cell growth, and cell adhesion. A literature search revealed that 125 DEGs were associated with either the trophoblast lineage or the placenta. Genes within this grouping were involved with wingless/integrated signaling, angiogenesis, and integrin signaling. In summary, these data indicate that the peri-implantation endometrium is responsive to maternal obesity. Transcript profile analyses suggest that the endometrial immune response, adhesion, and angiogenesis may be especially susceptible to obesity. Thus, alterations in uterine transcript profiles during early embryogenesis may be a mechanism responsible for developmental programming following maternal obesity exposure in utero.
Effects of higher- versus lower-protein diets on health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Numerous randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published in first tier medical journals have evaluated the health effects of diets high in protein. We conducted a rigorous systematic review of RCTs comparing higher-and lower-protein diets.
Women in Pakistan have a greater burden of clinical cardiovascular risk factors than men; Aims: Migrant South Asian population in the West, particularly women, is more predisposed to central obesity and metabolic syndromes than native Caucasians. However, the burden of coexistence of clinical risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated gender disparities in native population of South Asia are not known. We analyzed the National Health Survey of Pakistan (NHSP) (1990-1994) data to study the same in the population of Pakistan.
PRAdA Intervention: Effects on Weight of Dietary Intervention among Treated Hypertensive Portuguese Natives and African Immigrants; Introduction: Blood pressure is significantly improved with weight loss. Behavioral interventions for weight loss seem to be less successful in African immigrants. Our main aims were to assess the effect of a dietary and lifestyle intervention on weight among hypertensive Portuguese natives and immigrants and to identify success factors for weight loss, and also to evaluate changes in knowledge and compliance with food recommendations.
Stimulating lipolysis in subcutaneous adipose tissues by chronic dexamethasone administration in goats; The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of chronic stress induced by a low dosage of dexamethasone (Dex) on the lipolytic response in adipose tissue of goats. Ten male goats were randomly assigned to two groups; one group was injected subcutaneously with 0.2 mg/kg Dex, and the other group was injected subcutaneously with the same volume of saline as a control (Con) for 21 days. The result revealed that plasma triglycerides (TG) (P < 0.05) concentrations decreased in response to Dex administration. Plasma glycerol, mainly derived from degradation of TG, increased during the Dex treatment (P < 0.05). Expression of genes involved in lipolysis-including G protein beta subunit (Gnbl) (P < 0.01), hormone-sensitive lipase (Lipe) (P < 0.05), and perilipin-3 (Plin3) (P < 0.05) - were up-regulated in adipose tissue by Dex. Paralleling the increase in gene expression, the pLIPE/LIPE ratio also increased in response to Dex, which reflected higher LIPE activity, in adipose tissue (P < 0.05). However, the expression of genes involved in fatty acids synthesis-such as acetyl CoA carboxylase (Acc), fatty acid synthase (Fas), and stearoyl-CoA desaturase (Scd)-were not changed by Dex, while the abundance of diglyceride acyltransferase 1 and 2 (Dgatl and Dgat2) mRNA, which catalyze the formation of TGs from diacylglycerol and Acyl-CoA, increased (P < 0.05) in adipose tissue of Dex-treated goats compared with Con goats. Moreover, plasma leptin concentration decreased in response to Dex; however, Leptin mRNA expression tended to increase in adipose tissue, indicating a negative feedback regulatory mechanism. Adiponectin gene expression was also up-regulated in adipose tissue by Dex (P < 0.05). Taken together, our findings demonstrate that chronic glucocorticoid administration induces an imbalance in TG metabolism, resulting in a lower level of leptin and a higher level of glycerol in blood by promoting lipolysis and Gnbl and Plin3 expression in adipose tissue, as well as increasing the pLIPE: LIPE ratio.
Feasibility and acceptability of miracle fruit application prior to the consumption of sour-tasting foods as a weight-loss strategy in adults with diabetes or prediabetes: A randomized crossover trial; Miracle fruit (MF) has emerged as a promising option for healthy noncaloric sweeteners due to its sour-to-sweet taste-modifying effects and high antioxidant activity. We aimed to examine the feasibility and acceptability of using MF as a weight-loss strategy for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. Fifty Korean-American men and women (25 participants each) aged 45-75 years with diabetes or prediabetes were recruited in this study. They participated in a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial where they took the assigned tablet (either an MF tablet or a placebo-sugar candy) 10 min before consuming food. Using a 9-point hedonic scale, participants assessed the likings of overall, flavor, texture, and aftertaste for green apples, goat cheese, lemonade, pickles, and plain fat-free yogurt before and 10 min after taking the assigned tablet. Additionally, overall liking for meals and calorie intake were assessed during subsequent ad libitum meal sessions. An ANOVA for a crossover design, and independent and paired t-tests were used to compare the outcomes. The results revealed that all postintervention liking values for sour-tasting foods were higher than the respective preintervention liking values for both interventions. However, the MF intervention showed significantly higher pre-post differences in liking for all sour-tasting foods and the overall liking values for breakfast and dinner compared to the placebo intervention (P < 0.001). Furthermore, the MF intervention resulted in a significantly lower calorie intake for each meal than the placebo (P < 0.001). These findings suggest that MF intervention can be considered a viable weight-loss strategy for individuals with diabetes.
Chronic dietary fat intake modifies the postprandial response of hemostatic markers to a single fatty test meal; Background: Hemostasis is the result of a complex equilibrium between coagulation and fibrinolysis, and the influence of different dietary models on this equilibrium is not entirely known.
Sugar labeling: How numerical information of sugar content influences healthiness and tastiness expectations; Overconsumption of highly sugary foods contributes to increases in obesity and diabetes in our population, and initiatives are issued worldwide to reduce sugar content in food products. However, it is unclear how the presentation of reduced sugar content on food packages affects taste expectations of consumers. Based on the learned knowledge about negative health effects of sugar and the common belief that unhealthy food tastes better than healthy food, consumers might conclude that lower sugar levels are associated with higher healthiness and lower tastiness. Addressing this concern, we examined how quantitative information about sugar content without any verbal description influences consumers' health and taste expectations of dairy desserts. We asked participants to indicate the expected healthiness and tastiness of randomly sampled dairy desserts, while varying systematically the quantitative sugar information provided in a label presented with the desserts (numerical sugar level in grams per 100 grams of product: low vs. original vs. high). We assumed that quantitative sugar content is not equally associated with healthiness and tastiness of products and that numerical information about sugar content informs health more than taste expectations. Therefore, we predicted that consumers expect higher healthiness, but not to the same degree lower tastiness for products with reduced sugar contented compared to products with higher sugar content. The results of the present study are in line with this hypothesis. We found that consumers expected desserts with less sugar to be healthier than desserts with higher levels of sugar. The experimentally varied sugar levels did not affect the tastiness expectations. Notably, consumers did not follow the unhealthy = tasty intuition and did not devaluate the tastiness of desserts because of heightened healthiness expectations. Our findings suggest that sole numerical information about sugar content-an important nutritional value-is more diagnostic in the construction of healthiness rather than tastiness expectations of food products.
Supplemental Vitamins and Minerals for CVD Prevention and Treatment; The authors identified individual randomized controlled trials from previous meta-analyses and additional searches, and then performed meta-analyses on cardiovascular disease outcomes and all-cause mortality. The authors assessed publications from 2012, both before and including the U.S. Preventive Service Task Force review. Their systematic reviews and meta-analyses showed generally moderate-or low-quality evidence for preventive benefits (folic acid for total cardiovascular disease, folic acid and B-vitamins for stroke), no effect (multivitamins, vitamins C, D, beta-carotene, calcium, and selenium), or increased risk (antioxidant mixtures and niacin [with a statin] for all-cause mortality). Conclusive evidence for the benefit of any supplement across all dietary backgrounds (including deficiency and sufficiency) was not demonstrated; therefore, any benefits seen must be balanced against possible risks. (c) 2018 The authors. Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
Package unit size and amount of food: Do both influence intake?; Objective: Large portions increase intake and are hypothesized to contribute to the obesity epidemic. However, it is unclear if portion size affects intake through changes in the unit size of available food or the overall amount of food available for consumption. Thus, this study examined the independent effects of package unit size and amount of food on intake. It was hypothesized that both variables would influence intake.
Soy Protein Reduces Serum LDL Cholesterol and the LDL Cholesterol:HDL Cholesterol and Apolipoprotein B:Apolipoprotein A-I Ratios in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is highly prevalent in North America and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Evidence supports a role for soy protein in the reduction of serum lipids related to CVD risk; however, few studies have focused on adults with type 2 diabetes who are not on lipid-lowering medications and/or do not have diabetic complications. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein isolate (SPI) consumption on serum lipids in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes. Using a double-blind, randomized, crossover, placebo-controlled intervention study design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n = 29) consumed SPI (80 mg/d aglycone isoflavones) or milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 28-d washout period. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected on d 54-56 of each treatment for analysis of isoflavones and blood was collected on d I and 57 of each treatment and analyzed for serum lipids and apolipoproteins. SPI consumption increased urinary isoflavones compared with MPI. SPI consumption reduced serum LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04), LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02), and apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I (P = 0.05) compared with MPI, SPI did not affect serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or apolipoprotein A-I. These data demonstrate that consumption of soy protein can modulate some serum lipids in a direction beneficial for CVD risk in adults with type 2 diabetes. J. Nutr. 139: 1700-1706, 2009.
Effect of postpartum exercise on mothers and their offspring: A review of the literature; Epidemiological studies suggest that childbearing may contribute to the development of obesity. In the past 12 years, several cross-sectional and randomized trials have addressed the effect of postpartum exercise on weight loss and/or energy balance in mostly lactating women. These studies suggest that moderate exercise without specific calorie restriction does not promote greater weight or fat loss. This may be because exercise may promote greater energy intake and/or reduced energy expenditure from nonexercise physical activity (thus preventing negative energy balance), but further research is needed. Regular exercise, however, is likely to have other important health benefits after childbirth. A few published studies suggest that postpartum exercise improves aerobic fitness, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels, and insulin sensitivity. Exercise may also enhance psychological well-being, but controlled clinical studies are needed. Although two published studies have addressed whether exercise training attenuates lactation-induced bone loss, better controlled studies are needed to determine whether postpartum weight-bearing exercise can improve bone mineral density in lactating and nonlactating women alike. In lactating women, several studies have collectively determined that neither acute nor regular exercise has adverse effects on a mother's ability to successfully breast-feed. It needs to be determined whether a woman's participation in regular exercise after childbirth will improve her ability to mother or instill lifetime habits of regular physical activity in either herself or her offspring. Overall, published studies have established the importance of regular exercise during the postpartum period. More research, however, is needed in this important area.
Typical breakfast food consumption and risk factors for cardiovascular disease in a large sample of Italian adults; Background and aims: The overall consumption of foods most frequently consumed in a typical Italian breakfast might be associated with a better cardiovascular risk profile in Italian adults.
Effect of Acute Consumption of Crackers Enriched with Grape Seed Flour or Barley Flour with Added β-Glucan on Biomarkers of Postprandial Glycemia, Lipidemia, and Oxidative Stress: A Crossover Study; Background: Grape seed polyphenol bioactivity is linked to reduced risk of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and coronary heart disease development. Furthermore, regular consumption of beta-glucan is associated with decreased lipidemic and glycemic profiles. The aim was to investigate the acute effect of crackers enriched with either 10% grape seed flour or 40% barley flour with added beta-glucan along with a high-fat and high-carbohydrate meal on biomarkers of postprandial glycemia, lipidemia, and oxidative stress. Methods: In a randomized, three-arm crossover design study, 12 healthy subjects were assigned to consume breakfast consisting of bread, butter, and 250 mL water along with crackers containing either (a) wheat flour, (b) 10% grape seed flour, or (c) 40% barley flour enriched with beta-glucan. Blood samples were drawn immediately before and 30, 90, and 180 min after the meal. Total antioxidant capacity was measured in plasma with the FRAP method. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and uric acid were measured in serum. Results: Tested markers did not differ between the intervention groups at baseline, 30, 90, and 180 min (p >= 0.05) post-prandially. Conclusions: Enriched cracker consumption did not significantly affect the selected markers at the postprandial state, although better serum glucose and lipid levels, similar to baseline values, were maintained.
Probiotic Mixture of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> Strains Improves Lipid Metabolism and Gut Microbiota Structure in High Fat Diet-Fed Mice; The global prevalence of obesity is rising year by year, which has become a public health problem worldwide. In recent years, animal studies and clinical studies have shown that some lactic acid bacteria possess an anti-obesity effect. In our previous study, mixed lactobacilli (Lactobacillus plantarum KLDS1.0344 and Lactobacillus plantarum KLDS1.0386) exhibited anti-obesity effects in vivo by significantly reducing body weight gain, Lee's index and body fat rate; however, its underlying mechanisms of action remain unclear. Therefore, the present study aims to explore the possible mechanisms for the inhibitory effect of mixed lactobacilli on obesity. C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into three groups including control group (Control), high fat diet group (HFD) and mixed lactobacilli group (MX), and fed daily for eight consecutive weeks. The results showed that mixed lactobacilli supplementation significantly improved blood lipid levels and liver function, and alleviated liver oxidative stress. Moreover, the mixed lactobacilli supplementation significantly inhibited lipid accumulation in the liver and regulated lipid metabolism in epididymal fat pads. Notably, the mixed lactobacilli treatment modulated the gut microbiota, resulting in a significant increase in acetic acid and butyric acid. Additionally, Spearman's correlation analysis found that several specific genera were significantly correlated with obesity-related indicators. These results indicated that the mixed lactobacilli supplementation could manipulate the gut microbiota and its metabolites (acetic acid and butyric acid), resulting in reduced liver lipid accumulation and improved lipid metabolism of adipose tissue, which inhibited obesity.
Microbiota patterns and risk of cardiometabolic disease - opportunities for intervention?; In every human being, there is a substantial proportion (1-2 kg) of total body weight constituted by the gut microbiota content in the gastro-intestinal system. Recent research findings, based on mapping of the microbiome, have stated that in healthy subjects, the gut microbiota richness and diversity is higher as compared to obese subjects or patients suffering from cardiometabolic disease, or even long-standing hypertension when a different and less rich pattern is seen (dysbiosis). Intervention with certain food constituents, e.g. Mediterranean diet or dairy products such as lactobacillae-containing yoghurt, holds promise that this could be of benefit for improved organ function, improved metabolism and lowering disease risk. Randomized, controlled intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that a reduction in dysbiosis induced by external dietary interventions could translate into health benefits.
Increasing Protein Intake Modulates Lipid Metabolism in Healthy Young Men and Women Consuming a High-Fat Hypercaloric Diet; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of increasing protein intake, at the expense of carbohydrates, on intrahepatic lipids (IHLs), circulating triglycerides (TGs), and body composition in healthy humans consuming a high-fat, hypercaloric diet. A crossover randomized trial with a parallel control group was performed. After a 2-wk run-in period, participants were assigned to either the control diet [n = 10; 27.8 energy percent (en%) fat, 16.9 en% protein, 55.3 en% carbohydrates] for 4 wk or a high-fat, hypercaloric diet (n = 17; > 2 MJ/d) crossover trial with 2 periods of 2 wk, with either high-protein (HP) (37.7 en% fat, 25.7 en% protein, 36.6 en% carbohydrates) or normal-protein (NP) (39.4 en% fat, 15.4 en% protein, 45.2 en% carbohydrates) content. Measurements were performed after 2 wk of run-in (baseline), 2 wk of intervention (period 1), and 4 wk of intervention (period 2). A trend toward lower IHL and plasma TG concentrations during the HP condition compared with the NP condition was observed (IHL: 0.35 +/- 0.04% vs. 0.51 +/- 0.08%, P = 0.08; TG: 0.65 +/- 0.03 vs. 0.77 +/- 0.05 mmol/L, P = 0.07, for HP and NP, respectively). Fatmass was significantly lower (10.6 +/- 1.72 vs. 10.9 +/- 1.73 kg; P = 0.02) with the HP diet than with the NP diet, whereas fat-free mass was higher (55.7 +/- 2.79 vs. 55.2 +/- 2.80 kg; P = 0.003). This study indicated that an HP, high-fat, hypercaloric diet affects lipid metabolism. It tends to lower the IHL and circulating TG concentrations and significantly lowers fat mass and increases fat-free mass compared with an NP, high-fat, hypercaloric diet. This trail was registered at www.clinicaltrails.gov as NCT01354626.
Nutritional Status Differentially Alters Cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) and Uridine 5-Diphospho-Glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) Mediated Drug Metabolism: Effect of Short-Term Fasting and High Fat Diet on Midazolam Metabolism; Background and ObjectivesPrevious studies have shown that nutritional status can alter drug metabolism which may result in treatment failure or untoward side effects. This study assesses the effect of two nutritional conditions, short-term fasting, and a short-term high fat diet (HFD) on cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) and uridine 5-diphospho-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) mediated drug metabolism by studying the pharmacokinetics of midazolam and its main metabolites.MethodsIn a randomized-controlled cross-over trial, nine healthy subjects received a single intravenous administration of 0.015mg/kg midazolam after: (1) an overnight fast (control); (2) 36h of fasting; and (3) an overnight fast after 3days of a HFD consisting of 500ml of cream supplemented to their regular diet. Pharmacokinetic parameters were analyzed simultaneously using non-linear mixed-effects modeling.ResultsShort-term fasting increased CYP3A4-mediated midazolam clearance by 12% (p<0.01) and decreased UGT-mediated metabolism apparent 1-OH-midazolam clearance by 13% (p<0.01) by decreasing the ratio of clearance and the fraction metabolite formed (CL1-OH-MDZ/f(1-OH-MDZ)). Furthermore, short-term fasting decreased apparent clearance of 1-OH-midazolam-O-glucuronide (CL1-OH-MDZ-glucuronide/(f(1-OH-MDZ-glucuronide)xf(1-OH-MDZ))) by 20% (p<0.01). The HFD did not affect systemic clearance of midazolam or metabolites.ConclusionsShort-term fasting differentially alters midazolam metabolism by increasing CYP3A4-mediated metabolism but by decreasing UGT-mediated metabolism. In contrast, a short-term HFD did not affect systemic clearance of midazolam.
Effect of ear-acupoint pressing and Ear Apex (HX<sub>6,7</sub>) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan depression pattern; To explore the therapeutical effect of ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan (Liver) depression pattern.
Metabolic memory determines gene expression in liver and adipose tissue of undernourished ewes; The aim of this work was to determine the effects of undernutrition on gene expression in liver and adipose tissue, and on the hepatic concentration of insulin like growth factor 1 (IGF1) and insulin, in pregnant ewes with different initial body condition score (iBCS). Thirty-six Rasa Aragonesa ewes were divided into 2 groups with different BCS: BCS > 2.75 (n = 19; high, H) and BCS < 2.25 (n = 17; low, L), and were randomly assigned to two nutritional treatments: 1.5 (control, C) or 0.5 (undernourished, U) times the daily maintenance requirements. Thus, the final four groups were: high-iBCS control (HC, n = 9), high-iBCS undernourished (HU, n = 10), lowiBCS control (LC, n = 9) and low-iBCS undernourished (LU, n = 8). High-iBCS ewes presented greater liver IGF1 mRNA expression (P < 0.05), which is consistent with higher liver IGF1 and insulin concentrations (P = 0.10 and P < 0.05, respectively), and with greater liver growth hormone receptor (GHR) gene expression (P < 0.05). These data, and the trend for more leptin receptor type b (LEPR-b) mRNA in high-iBCS ewes (P = 0.09) suggest a better anabolic status. Furthermore, undernourished ewes presented lower hepatic insulin like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP3) gene expression (P = 0.05), suggesting a shift in the availability of IGFs in plasma and therefore, in their action in target tissues. In the adipose tissue, U ewes presented lower GHR mRNA expression than C animals (P < 0.05), being greatest in the high-iBCS control group. As expected, leptin (LEP) gene expression in adipose tissue was greater in high-iBCS than in low-iBCS ewes (P < 0.05). Nevertheless, the most interesting finding was the organ-specific pattern of LEPR-b gene expression: in contrast to the liver, the greatest adipose tissue LEPR-b gene expression was observed in the low-iBCS undernourished ewes (P < 0.05). In summary, the present study demonstrates that the initial body condition score evokes different, even contrasting, responses in key metabolic organs (i.e., liver and adipose tissue) of control and undernourished ewes.
Supplemental Vitamins and Minerals for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention and Treatment <i>JACC</i> Focus Seminar; This is an update of the previous 2018 systematic review and meta-analysis of vitamin and mineral supplementation on cardiovascular disease outcomes and all-cause mortality. New randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses were identified by searching the Cochrane library, Medline, and Embase, and data were analyzed using random effects models and classified by the Grading of Recommendations Assessment Development and Evaluation approach. This updated review shows similar findings to the previous report for preventive benefits from both folic acid and B vitamins for stroke and has been graded with moderate quality. No effect was seen for the commonly used multivitamins, vitamin D, calcium, and vitamin C, and an increased risk was seen with niacin (with statin) for all-cause mortality. Conclusive evidence for the benefit of supplements across different dietary backgrounds, when the nutrient is sufficient, has not been demonstrated. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
The Efficacy of Short-Term Weight Loss Programs and Consumption of Natural Probiotic Bryndza Cheese on Gut Microbiota Composition in Women; Weight loss interventions with probiotics have favourable effects on gut microbiota composition and derived metabolites. However, little is known about whether the consumption of natural probiotics, such as Bryndza cheeses, brings similar benefits. The purpose of the study was to find the effect of short-term weight loss programs and Bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, microbiota-derived metabolites and body composition in middle-aged women. We conducted a randomised controlled intervention study. Twenty-two female participants with a body fat percentage >= 25% underwent a short weight loss program (4 weeks). Subjects were randomised to either the control or intervention group according to diet. The intervention group comprised 13 participants, whose diet contained 30 g of "Bryndza" cheese daily (WLPB). The control group comprised nine participants without the regular consumption of Bryndza cheese (WLP) in their diet. Both interventions lead to a significant and favourable change of BMI, body fat, waist circumference and muscle mass. Moreover, the relative abundance of Erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. However, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (Lactobacillales, Streptococcaceae, Lactococcus and Streptococcus) significantly increased only in the WLPB group. Furthermore, short-chain fatty acid producers Phascolarctobacterium and Butyricimonas increased significantly in the WLPB group. A short-term weight loss program combined with Bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and short-chain fatty acid producers in middle-aged women.
Nutritional variation and cardiovascular risk factors in Tanzania - rural-urban difference; Objective. To assess the relationship between dietary factors and cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in middle-aged men and women, in urban, rural and pastoral settings in Tanzania.
High-fructose corn syrup and sucrose have equivalent effects on energy-regulating hormones at normal human consumption levels; Intake of high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) has been suggested to contribute to the increased prevalence of obesity, whereas a number of studies and organizations have reported metabolic equivalence between HFCS and sucrose. We hypothesized that HFCS and sucrose would have similar effects on energy-regulating hormones and metabolic substrates at normal levels of human consumption and that these values would not change over a 10-week, free-living period at these consumption levels. This was a randomized, prospective, double-blind, parallel group study in which 138 adult men and women consumed 10 weeks of low-fat milk sweetened with either HFCS or sucrose at levels of the 25th, 50th, and 90th percentile population consumption of fructose (the equivalent of 40, 90, or 150 g of sugar per day in a 2000-kcal diet). Before and after the 10-week intervention, 24-hour blood samples were collected. The area under the curve (AUC) for glucose, insulin, leptin, active ghrelin, triglyceride, and uric acid was measured. There were no group differences at baseline or posttesting for all outcomes (interaction, P > .05). The AUC response of glucose, active ghrelin, and uric acid did not change between baseline and posttesting (P > .05), whereas the AUC response of insulin (P < .05), leptin (P < .001), and triglyceride (P < .01) increased over the course of the intervention when the 6 groups were averaged. We conclude that there are no differences in the metabolic effects of HFCS and sucrose when compared at low, medium, and high levels of consumption. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Inclusion of walnut in the diets of adults at risk for type 2 diabetes and their dietary pattern changes: a randomized, controlled, cross-over trial; Background: In our recently published study, including walnuts in the diets of adults with prediabetes led to overall improvement in diet quality. This report adds to those study findings by examining the food groups displaced during walnut inclusion in the diets of those adults with prediabetes.
The effect of vitamin D-calcium co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Data on the effect of vitamin D-calcium co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers, compared to placebo or intake of calcium and vitamin D supplements alone, are conflicting. The current systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted to summarize available findings on the effect of vitamin D-calcium co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers in adults. Online databases including PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science and Google Scholar were searched using relevant keywords up to June 2019. We included RCTs investigating the effect of vitamin D-calcium co-supplementation, compared to placebo or intake of calcium and vitamin D supplements alone, on inflammatory biomarkers. In total, 8 RCTs that enrolled 706 participants, aged >= 18 years, were included. Pooling 9 effect sizes from 8 RCTs on C-reactive protein (CRP) levels revealed a significant reducing effect of vitamin D-calcium co-supplementation on serum CRP concentrations compared to placebo intake (WMD: -0.82, 95% CI: -1.56, -0.07 mg/L, P = 0.03). However, this beneficial effect became non-significant when compared to the intake of calcium and vitamin D supplements alone. Also, we found that the associations of vitamin D-calcium dosages and duration of intervention with the reduction in CRP concentrations were in a non-linear fashion. Combining 5 effect sizes for IL-6 and 3 effect sizes for TNF-alpha, we found no significant effect of joint calcium and vitamin D supplementation on serum concentrations of IL-6 (WMD: -1.45, 95% CI: -5.31, 2.41 pg/mL, P = 0.46) and TNF-alpha (WMD: -0.79, 95% CI: -2.19, 0.61 pg/mL, P = 0.26). We found a beneficial effect of vitamin D-calcium co-supplementation on serum CRP concentrations. However, such a beneficial effect was not seen for IL-6 and TNF-alpha concentrations.
Changes in Quantity and Sources of Dietary Fiber from Adopting Healthy Low-Fat vs. Healthy Low-Carb Weight Loss Diets: Secondary Analysis of DIETFITS Weight Loss Diet Study; The daily intake of dietary fiber is well below the recommended levels in the US. The effect of adopting a low-fat vs. a low-carbohydrate weight loss diet on fiber intake is of interest but not well-documented, especially when both approaches promote high-quality food choices. The objective of this paper is to compare the quantity and sources of dietary fiber between a healthy low-fat (HLF) vs. healthy low-carbohydrate (HLC) diet group when consumed over 12 months in a weight loss diet study. In this secondary analysis of the Diet Intervention Examining The Factors Interacting with Treatment Success (DIETFITS) study, the amount and sources of dietary fiber were examined in generally healthy adults, 18-50 years of age, Body Mass Index (BMI) 28-40 kg/m(2), randomized to HLF or HLC for 12 months, who had available 24-h recalls at 0 (n = 609), 3 (n = 549), 6 (n = 491), and 12 (n = 449) months. The dietary intake was estimated by the Nutrition Data System for Research (NDS-R). The sources of fiber were determined for the major food groups. Significantly more total dietary fiber was consumed by HLF at every post-randomization time point, and, at 12 m, was 23.04 +/- 9.43 g vs. 18.61 +/- 8.12 g for HLF vs. HLC, respectively, p < 0.0001. In both diet groups at 12 months, the highest amount of dietary fiber came from non-starchy vegetables (4.13 +/- 3.05 g and 5.13 +/- 3.59 g). The other primary sources of fiber at 12 months for the HLF group were from whole grains (3.90 +/- 3.13 g) and fruits (3.40 +/- 2.87 g), and, for the HLC group, were from plant protein and fat sources, such as nuts and seeds, their butters, and avocados (2.64 +/- 2.64 g). In the DIETFITS study, the difference in the total fiber intake for the HLF vs. HLC groups was more modest than expected. The HLC group consumed reasonably high amounts of fiber from high-protein and high fat plant-based sources.
Effects of feed supplementation on growth, blood parameters and reproductive performance in Sanga and Friesian-Sanga cows grazing natural pasture; This study determined the effects of feed supplementation during the postpartum period on the weight gain, milk yield, blood profiles and reproductive performance of Sanga and Friesian-Sanga cows grazing on natural pasture. 20 Sanga and 20 Friesian-Sanga cows were randomly allocated either to serve as a control on grazing only or to be supplemented with 2.5kg of concentrate a day for 10weeks during the dry season. Each week, all cows were weighed and scored for body condition. Partial milk yield of cows was determined daily. Plasma concentrations of blood metabolites were assessed fortnightly from weeks 1 to 10 postpartum. Resumption of postpartum ovarian activity was determined by measuring progesterone concentration in the plasma from weeks 1 to 10. Supplemented cows had a better body condition score (6.2 versus 5.8; P < 0.05) and higher partial milk yield (1.94 versus 1.55L/day; P < 0.01) than non-supplemented cows. Sanga cows had a better body condition score (6.2 versus 5.8; P<0.05) but lower milk yield (1.58 versus 1.92L/day; P < 0.01) than the Friesian-Sanga crossbreds. Total protein (P < 0.05) and albumin (P < 0.01) concentrations were higher in the supplemented than in the non-supplemented cows. Sanga cows recorded higher globulin (P < 0.05) and total cholesterol (P<0.01) but lower albumin (P < 0.01) concentrations than Friesian-Sanga crossbred cows. Feed supplementation did not affect (P < 0.05) the interval from calving to resumption of ovarian activity, and the days to resumption of ovarian activity in the Sanga and Friesian-Sanga cows were also similar (P > 0.05). The results demonstrate the beneficial effects of feed supplementation in terms of improved body condition and metabolic status and increased milk yield.
Acute partial sleep deprivation increases food intake in healthy men; Background: Acute partial sleep deprivation increases plasma concentrations of ghrelin and decreases those of leptin.
Beneficial effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension eating plan on features of the metabolic syndrome; OBJECTIVE - To determine the effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on metabolic risks in patients with the metabolic syndrome.
Takeaway food in Chengdu, Sichuan province, China: Composition and nutritional value; Background and Objectives: The popularity of takeaway has caused health problems. To analyse the basic nutrients and composition of popular takeaway meals in Chengdu, China. Methods and Study Design: We randomly collected 105 takeaway meals from takeaway platforms. The quality of ingredients such as grains, vegetables, and meat were assessed and weighed. The samples were then homogenised, and the nutrients were detected following the AOAC Official Methods of Analysis. Results: Compared with Chinese and US dietary reference intakes, the average energy, protein, salt, fat, vitamin, and available carbohydrate contents exceeded dietary recommendations for one takeaway meal. By contrast, the whole grain, vegetable, fruit, dairy product, egg, mineral, and dietary fibre contents were insufficient. Food compositions and basic nutrients differed among takeaway meals prepared with various cooking methods and meats. Fried rice had the lowest nutritional value. The fried dish set meal had high energy density. The nutrient content of poultry takeaway meals was more balanced compared with other meals assessed, and salt and fat were excessive in mixed meat meals. In addition, meatless takeaway meals tended to have high fat content because of excess vegetable oil added for better taste. Conclusions: Takeaway meals should have lower contents of energy, fat, carbohydrate, and salt and higher contents of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, dairy products, and eggs. Attention should be paid to the high energy density of the fried dish set meal to prevent resultant health problems such as obesity. Consumers, takeaway outlets, and government agencies need to work together to address the health problems.
The effect of interaction between Melanocortin-4 receptor polymorphism and dietary factors on the risk of metabolic syndrome; Background: Controversial data is available on the effect of the Melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) gene variation on metabolic syndrome (MetS) and ineffectiveness of diet in managing MetS. Effects of the interaction between MC4R polymorphism and dietary factors on MetS were investigated in this study.
Fish-oil esters of plant sterols improve the lipid profile of dyslipidemic subjects more than do fish-oil or sunflower oil esters of plant sterols; Background: Fish-oil fatty acid esters of plant sterols (FO-PS) were shown to have hypotriglyceridemic and hypocholesterolemic properties in animal models.
The effects of organic food on human health: a systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based studies; Context Although the nutritional composition of organic food has been thoroughly researched, there is a dearth of published data relating to its impact on human health.Objective This systematic review aimed to examine the association between organic food intake and health effects, including changes in in vivo biomarkers, disease prevalence, and functional changes.Data Sources PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, the Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched from inception through Nov 13, 2022.Data Extraction Both observational and interventional studies conducted in human populations were included, and association between level of organic food intake and each outcome was quantified as "no association," "inconsistent," "beneficial correlation/harmful correlation," or "insufficient". For outcomes with sufficient data reported by at least 3 studies, meta-analyses were conducted, using random-effects models to calculate standardized mean differences.Data Analysis Based on the included 23 observational and 27 interventional studies, the association between levels of organic food intake and (i) pesticide exposure biomarker was assessed as "beneficial correlation," (ii) toxic metals and carotenoids in the plasma was assessed as "no association," (iii) fatty acids in human milk was assessed as "insufficient," (iv) phenolics was assessed as "beneficial", and serum parameters and antioxidant status was assessed as "inconsistent". For diseases and functional changes, there was an overall "beneficial" association with organic food intake, and there were similar findings for obesity and body mass index. However, evidence for association of organic food intake with other single diseases was assessed as "insufficient" due to the limited number and extent of studies.Conclusion Organic food intake was found to have a beneficial impact in terms of reducing pesticide exposure, and the general effect on disease and functional changes (body mass index, male sperm quality) was appreciable. More long-term studies are required, especially for single diseases.Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42022350175.
Dressings and topical agents for preventing pressure ulcers; Background
Whey Protein Components - Lactalbumin and Lactoferrin - Improve Energy Balance and Metabolism; Whey protein promotes weight loss and improves diabetic control, however, less is known of its bioactive components that produce such benefits. We compared the effects of normal protein (control) diet with high protein diets containing whey, or its fractions lactalbumin and lactoferrin, on energy balance and metabolism. Diet-induced obese rats were randomized to isocaloric diets: Control, Whey, Lactalbumin, Lactoferrin, or pair-fed to lactoferrin. Whey and lactalbumin produced transient hypophagia, whereas lactoferrin caused prolonged hypophagia; the hypophagia was likely due to decreased preference. Lactalbumin decreased weight and fat gain. Notably, lactoferrin produced sustained weight and fat loss, and attenuated the reduction in energy expenditure associated with calorie restriction. Lactalbumin and lactoferrin decreased plasma leptin and insulin, and lactalbumin increased peptide YY. Whey, lactalbumin and lactoferrin improved glucose clearance partly through differential upregulation of glucoregulatory transcripts in the liver and skeletal muscle. Interestingly, lactalbumin and lactoferrin decreased hepatic lipidosis partly through downregulation of lipogenic and/or upregulation of beta-oxidation transcripts, and differentially modulated cecal bacterial populations. Our findings demonstrate that protein quantity and quality are important for improving energy balance. Dietary lactalbumin and lactoferrin improved energy balance and metabolism, and decreased adiposity, with the effects of lactoferrin being partly independent of caloric intake.
Effects of heat-inactivated <i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> TMC0356 on metabolic characteristics and immunity of rats with the metabolic syndrome; The present study investigated the potential health-promoting effects of heat-inactivated Lactobacillus gasseri TMC0356 (TMC0356) on the metabolic syndrome (MS) and the probable mechanisms underlying these effects using an MS rat model. For the purpose of the study, sixty Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups: a control group fed a conventional diet, an MS model group fed a high-fat and high-salt (HFS) diet and three TMC0356 test groups (low-, medium- and high-dose groups) fed an HFS diet supplemented with TMC0356 at 41.8, 83.5 and 167.0 mg/kg body weight (BW) per d, respectively. Food intake and BW were measured weekly. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), lipid profiles and blood pressure (BP) were measured at 0, 5, 10 and 15 weeks. Organ coefficients, immune cell counts and serum insulin, adiponectin, C-reactive protein (CRP), IL-6, TNF-alpha, IgG and secretory IgA levels were measured at the 15th week after diet intervention. The HFS diet increased the BW, liver or fat: BW ratio, FBG, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, adiponectin, serum LDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol levels and BP (P<0.01). Average food and energy intakes in the three TMC0356 groups were significantly lower than those of the MS model group. All the metabolic indices, except BP, were markedly improved (P<0.05) by oral administration of low and medium doses of TMC0356. The thymus index in the medium-dose group and lymphocyte, CRP, IL-6, TNF-alpha and IgG levels in all the three TMC0356 groups were significantly increased (P<0.05 or P<0.01) compared with those in the MS model group. These results suggest that TMC0356 can improve the metabolic characteristics of MS rats by suppressing appetite. Additionally, the enhancement of inflammatory immune response may be, at least in part, the mechanism underlying the health-promoting effects of TMC0356 on the MS.
Feeding long-chain <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to obese leptin receptor-deficient JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> rats modifies immune function and lipid-raft fatty acid composition; Dietary EPA and DHA modulate immunity and thereby may improve the aberrant immune function in obese states. To determine the effects of feeding fish oil (FO) containing EPA and DHA on splenocyte phospholipid (PL) and lipid-raft fatty acid composition, phenotypes and cytokine production, 14-week-old obese, leptin receptor-deficient JCR:LA-cp rats (cp/cp; n 10) were randomised to one of three nutritionally adequate diets for 3 weeks: control (Ctl, 0 % EPA + DHA); low FO (LFO, 0.8 % (w/w) EPA + DHA); high FO (HFO, 1.4 % (w/w) EPA + DHA). Lean JCR:LA-cp (+/- or +/+) rats (n 5) were fed the Ctl diet. Obese Ctl rats had a higher proportion of n-3 PUFA in splenocyte PL than lean rats fed the same diet (P<0.05). The lower n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio of splenocyte PL was consistent with the lower mitogen-stimulated interferon (IFN)-gamma and IL-1 beta production by cells from obese rats (P<0.05). Obese rats fed the FO diet had lower mitogen-stimulated Th1 (IFN-gamma) and Th2 (IL-4) cytokine responses, but IL-2 production (concanavalin A; ConA) did not differ (P<0.05). The HFO diet was more effective in lowering IL-1 beta and increasing IL-10 production (ConA, P<0.05). This lower IL-1 beta production was accompanied by a lower proportion of major histocompatability complex class II-positive cells and a higher incorporation of DHA into lipid rafts. This is the first study to demonstrate impaired responses to mitogen stimulation and altered fatty acid incorporation into the membrane PL of JCR:LA-cp rats. Feeding FO lowered the ex vivo inflammatory response, without altering IL-2 production from ConA-stimulated splenocytes which may occur independent of leptin signalling.
The effects of soymilk plus probiotics supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized clinical trial; ObjectiveType 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to assess the effects of soymilk plus probiotics co-administration on cardiovascular risk factors in T2DM patients.MethodsOne hundred patients with T2DM (aged 40-75 years old) were randomly assigned into 4 groups (soymilk + probiotics supplement, soymilk + placebo, conventional milk + placebo, and probiotics supplement) for 6 weeks. Standard protocols were followed for the collection of fasting blood samples, dietary intakes, and anthropometric measurements.ResultsIt was shown that soymilk + probiotics consumption significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (p = 0.001), triglycerides (TG) (P < 0.001), total cholesterol (TC) (p < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.003) levels and significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 0.002) levels. Soymilk + placebo administration significantly decreased DBP (p = 0.01), insulin (p = 0.006), and TG (p = 0.001) levels and significantly increased HDL-C (p = 0.03) levels. A significant decrease in insulin (p = 0.003) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (p = 0.01) levels and an increase in HDL-C (p = 0.04) levels were observed after supplementation with probiotics. Findings from between-group comparisons showed a significant decrease in SBP levels in the probiotics supplement group compared to conventional milk group (p < 0.05).ConclusionSoymilk and probiotics consumption might improve some cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2DM. However, possible synergic effects while consumption of soymilk plus probiotics supplement didn't show in this study which warranted further research.
Understanding Factors Influencing Breastfeeding Outcomes in a Sample of African American Women; Objectives Persistent disparities in breastfeeding rates among African American (AA) women compared to other population groups have motivated researchers to understand factors influencing breastfeeding choices using a variety of methods. Quantitative surveys are more commonly reported, however, qualitative work that amplifies voices of AA women is limited. Methods Participants were recruited from a randomized controlled feasibility trial focused on breastfeeding support for AA women in Detroit, MI. Thirteen women were enrolled in the qualitative portion of the study described here. Using the Socioecological model (SEM) as the theoretical foundation, semi-structured qualitative interviews were conducted to explore perceived facilitators and barriers to breastfeeding. Interviews were digitally recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using Theoretical thematic analysis. Results Women reported factors ranging from micro to macro SEM levels that discouraged or reinforced breastfeeding. Key challenges included breastfeeding-related discouragement issues, including factors that decreased confidence and led women to terminate breastfeeding (e.g., problems with latching, pumping, lack of comfort with breastfeeding in public, and work constraints). Facilitators included perceived mother and infant benefits, perseverance/commitment/self-motivation, pumping ability, and social support. Participant suggestions for expanding breastfeeding promotion and support included: (1) tangible, immediate, and proactive support; (2) positive non-judgmental support; (3) "milk supply" and "use of pump" education; and (4) self-motivation/willpower/perseverance. Conclusions for Practice Despite the identification of common facilitators, findings reveal AA women face many obstacles to meeting breastfeeding recommendations. Collaborative discussions between women and healthcare providers focused on suggestions provided by AA women should be encouraged.
The effects of pre-ordering and behavioral nudges on National School Lunch Program participants' food item selection; This paper examines the effects of pre-ordering and pre-ordering with behavioral nudges on the selection of fruits, vegetables, and low-fat milk by National School Lunch Program (NSLP) participants in a Florida school. After collecting two weeks of baseline data, students in grades four and five were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: the first treatment group pre-ordered their lunches online using a unique software program; the second treatment group received behavioral nudges based on United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) MyPlate recommendations while pre-ordering. Student in grades four and seven served as the control group and continued to obtain their lunches through the normal lunch line. Using difference-in-difference regression analysis, we find that students in the first treatment group selected significantly more fruits, vegetables, and low-fat milk during the pre-ordering intervention phase of the study relative to students in the control group, 27.7%, 15.8%, and 16.3%, respectively, while students in the second treatment group selected significantly more fruits (51.4%), vegetables (29.7%) and low-fat milk (37.3%) than students in the control group. In addition, we find the nudge had a statistically significant positive effect in addition to the effect of pre-ordering; students who received the MyPlate nudge while pre-ordering selected statistically significantly more fruits, vegetables, and low-fat milk than students who pre-ordered without nudging. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Socioeconomic status, obesity, individual behaviors, diabetes, and risk for frozen shoulder: A Mendelian randomization study; There are few studies on risk factors for frozen shoulder, and even fewer Mendelian randomization (MR) studies on frozen shoulder. Therefore, we conducted a two-sample MR study to explore whether socioeconomic status (years of schooling, average total household income before tax), obesity (body mass index and waist circumference), individual behaviors (smoking initiation, alcohol intake frequency, coffee intake, nonoily fish intake, tea intake, beef intake, bread intake, cheese intake, oily fish intake, and fresh fruit intake), and diabetes (type 1 and type 2 diabetes) are associated with frozen shoulder. The exposure datasets and the outcome dataset were extracted from the MRC Integrative Epidemiology Unit at the University of Bristol Open genome-wide association studies project (https://gwas.mrcieu.ac.uk/). We conducted MR analyses using the inverse variance weighted (primary method), MR-Egger, and weighted median methods and conducted heterogeneity and pleiotropy analyses. Type 1 diabetes (OR: 1.103; 95% CI: 1.053-1.156; P = .0000410) was associated with an increased risk of frozen shoulder. Cheese intake (OR: 0.490; 95% CI: 0.267-0.899; P = .0213), non-oily fish intake (OR: 0.0993; 95% CI: 0.0220-0.448; P = .00267), years of schooling (OR: 0.453; 95% CI: 0.349-0.588; P = .00000000277), and average total household income before tax (OR: 0.434; 95% CI: 0.253-0.743; P = .00236) were discovered as protective factors. No horizontal pleiotropy was found in all analyzes we performed (P > .05). Our study indicated that type 1 diabetes was a risk factor for frozen shoulder while cheese intake, non-oily fish intake, years of schooling, and average total household income before tax were considered as protective factors for frozen shoulder.
Effects of diet zinc level on circadian rhythms and lipid metabolism in male mice; Circadian rhythm and dairy zinc levels linked tightly to the lipid metabolism in animals. The aim of the experiment was to evaluate the cross effects of zinc status and daily rhythm on lipid metabolism in male mice. A total of 40 male C57BL/6J mice (9 week-old, weight) were randomly into Zn+(30ug/g) and Zn-(0.3ug/g) groups for 30 days. The results showed that zinc-deficient diet significantly reduced the epididymis/body weight (BW) ratio, but increased the epididymal white adipose tissue/BW ratio and tend to increase the abdominal WAT/BW ratio relative weight. Zn status could shift the circadian rhythm by regulate the Bmal1 and Per2 expressions. Moreover, zinc-deficient diet significantly decreased the serum adiponectin at Clo18. Significant circadian variations on serum CHOL and triglyceride were observed in mice that fed zinc-deficient diet. Further, the FASD1 and FASD2 genes that related to de novo synthesis of long-chained fatty acids were up-regulated, and adipose triglyceride lipase gene expression of lipolysis was decreased compared to the control. Taken together, dairy zinc levels would change the daily rhythm and its lipid metabolism in mice, which might affect the serum lipids thereby change lipids accumulation in body. Abbreviations: ALT, alanine aminotransferase; AST, aspartate aminotransferase; ATGL, adipose triglyceride lipase; aWATs, abdominal WAT; beta-actin, beta-actin; Bmal1, brain and muscle arnt-like protein-1; BW, body weight; CHOL, cholesterol; Cyp21a1, 21-hydroxylase; eWAT, epididymal white adipose tissue; FASD1, delta 5-desaturase; FASD2, delta 6-desaturase; ingWAT, inguinal WAT; mWAT, mesenteric WAT; Per2, period2; TG, triglyceride; WAT, white adipose tissue; SHP small heterodimer partner, Zn, Zinc;
Increased hypolipidemic benefits of <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid in combination with <i>trans</i>-11 vaccenic acid in a rodent model of the metabolic syndrome, the JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> rat; Background: Conjugated linoleic acid (cis-9, trans-11 CLA) and trans-11 vaccenic acid (VA) are found naturally in ruminant-derived foods. CLA has been shown to have numerous potential health related effects and has been extensively investigated. More recently, we have shown that VA has lipid-lowering properties associated with reduced hepatic lipidogenesis and chylomicron secretion in the JCR:LA-cp rat. The aim of this study was to evaluate potential additional hypolipidemic effects of purified forms of CLA and VA in an animal model of the metabolic syndrome (the JCR:LA-cp rat).
Association between food assistance program participation and lipid profile patterns in Peru; Purpose: To assess whether the participation in food assistance programs (Community Kitchens and Glass of Milk) was associated with lipid profile patterns in the Peruvian population. We conducted a secondary data analysis using data from the National Survey of Nutritional, Biochemical, Socioeconomic, and Cultural Indicators related to Chronic Degenerative Diseases. The sample included individuals aged >20 years, selected from five geographic strata in Peru. From each stratum a random sample of clusters was chosen. Different Poisson regression models with robust variance were built to determine the association between food assistance programs and participant lipid profile (total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-c), LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides (TG)). Data from 4028 participants was analyzed, 123 (3.1%) reported being beneficiaries of the Community Kitchens program and 827 (20.5%) were beneficiaries of the Glass of Milk program. An association between being a beneficiary of Community Kitchens and increased LDL-c (Prevalence ratio (PR)- 2.33; 95% CI: 1. 18-4.59) was found. Being a beneficiary of the Glass of Milk program increased the probability of having low HDL-c levels (PR= 1.08; 95% CI: 1.02-1.14), but reduced the probability of hypertriglyceridemia (PR= 0.70; 95% CI: 0.56-0.88). Being a beneficiary of the Community Kitchen program was associated with increased LDL-c levels; while, being a beneficiary of the Glass of Milk increased the probability of low HDL-c, but reduced the probability of developing hypertriglyceridemia.
Dietary intake of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and changes in body weight in European adults; Purpose Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) can be formed in foods by the reaction of reducing sugars with proteins, and have been shown to induce insulin resistance and obesity in experimental studies. We examined the association between dietary AGEs intake and changes in body weight in adults over an average of 5 years of follow-up. Methods A total of 255,170 participants aged 25-70 years were recruited in ten European countries (1992-2000) in the PANACEA study (Physical Activity, Nutrition, Alcohol, Cessation of smoking, Eating out of home in relation to Anthropometry), a sub-cohort of the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition). Body weight was measured at recruitment and self-reported between 2 and 11 years later depending on the study center. A reference database for AGEs was used containing UPLC-MS/MS-measured N-epsilon-(carboxymethyl)-lysine (CML), N-epsilon-(1-carboxyethyl)-lysine (CEL), and N-delta-(5-hydro-5-methyl-4-imidazolon-2-yl)-ornithine (MG-H1) in 200 common European foods. This reference database was matched to foods and decomposed recipes obtained from country-specific validated dietary questionnaires in EPIC and intake levels of CEL, CML, and MG-H1 were estimated. Associations between dietary AGEs intake and body weight change were estimated separately for each of the three AGEs using multilevel mixed linear regression models with center as random effect and dietary AGEs intake and relevant confounders as fixed effects. Results A one-SD increment in CEL intake was associated with 0.111 kg (95% CI 0.087-0.135) additional weight gain over 5 years. The corresponding additional weight gain for CML and MG-H1 was 0.065 kg (0.041-0.089) and 0.034 kg (0.012, 0.057), respectively. The top six food groups contributing to AGEs intake, with varying proportions across the AGEs, were cereals/cereal products, meat/processed meat, cakes/biscuits, dairy, sugar and confectionary, and fish/shellfish. Conclusion In this study of European adults, higher intakes of AGEs were associated with marginally greater weight gain over an average of 5 years of follow-up.
Using a 3D Virtual Supermarket to Measure Food Purchase Behavior: A Validation Study; Background: There is increasing recognition that supermarkets are an important environment for health-promoting interventions such as fiscal food policies or front-of-pack nutrition labeling. However, due to the complexities of undertaking such research in the real world, well-designed randomized controlled trials on these kinds of interventions are lacking. The Virtual Supermarket is a 3-dimensional computerized research environment designed to enable experimental studies in a supermarket setting without the complexity or costs normally associated with undertaking such research.
Benefits of exercise in patients with congestive heart failure; A large majority of individuals with CHF suffer from fatigue and poor exercise capacity, the underlying cause of which is multi-factorial. These include central mechanisms such as cardiac dysfunction and poor cardiac output as well as peripheral maladaptations such as neurohormonal activation and abnormalities in skeletal muscle structure and metabolism. Studies in the last decades have shown that exercise training can reverse some of these adverse pathophysiological effects, which are both associated with poor exercise capacity and poor overall prognosis in CHF Data from the EXERT study and other small clinical studies indicate that exercise training, based on individualized protocols and approaches geared toward each individual's capacity, is safe in selected patients. Although EXERT remains the largest randomized control trial of exercise training in CHF, these studies demonstrating the benefits of exercise are small. Conclusions on whether or not these observations can be translated into reductions in morbidity and mortality, despite the promise shown in the reversal of the pathophysiological mechanisms, remain unclear. Large adequately powered randomized controlled trials are needed to address this important question. Meanwhile, the traditional advice to CHF patients "to avoid physical exertion" should not longer be applied to all affected individuals.
Indices of fatty acid desaturase activity in healthy human subjects: effects of different types of dietary fat; Delta 9-Desaturase (stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1, SCD-1) regulates the desaturation of SFA, mainly stearic and palmitic, to MUFA. Delta 6-Desaturase (D6D) and Delta 5-desaturase (D5D) are involved in the metabolism of linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid to polyunsaturated metabolites. The objective of the present study was to study the effects of different types of dietary fat on indices of fatty acid desaturase (FADS) activity (evaluated as product: precursor ratios) in plasma and skeletal muscle in human subjects. A high SCD-1 index has been related to obesity and metabolic disorders, while the D5D index is associated with insulin sensitivity. Fatty acid composition of serum and skeletal muscle lipids was analysed by GLC during a randomised, controlled, 3-month dietary intervention in healthy subjects. A comparison of the effects of a diet containing butter fat (SFA, n 17) with a diet containing monounsaturated fat (MUFA, n 17), keeping all other dietary components constant, showed a reduced SCD-1 activity index by 20% on the MUFA diet compared with the SFA diet assessed in serum cholesteryl esters. The D6D and D5D indices remained unaffected. Supplementation with long-chain n-3 fatty acids reduced the SCD-1 index by a similar magnitude while the D6D index decreased and the D5D index increased. It is concluded that changes in the type of fat in the diet affect the indices of FADS activity in serum and skeletal muscle in human subjects. The desaturase activity indices estimated from the serum lipid ester composition are significantly related to corresponding indices studied in skeletal muscle phospholipids.
Is weight status associated with peripheral levels of oxytocin? A pilot study in healthy women.; The neuropeptide oxytocin is best known for its role during parturition and the milk-let down reflex. Recent evidence identifies a role for oxytocin in eating behaviour. After oxytocin administration, caloric intake is reduced with stronger inhibitory effects in individuals with obesity. Whether the experience of visual food cues affects secretion or circulating levels of oxytocin is unknown. This pilot study had three aims: 1) to measure fasting appetite hormones with a focus on plasma oxytocin concentrations; 2) determine whether healthy vs. hyperpalatable visual food cues differentially altered plasma oxytocin; and 3) assess whether appetite hormone responses to healthy vs. hyperpalatable food images depended on weight or food addiction status. Eighteen healthy women of varying weight status, with/without self-reported food addiction were recruited. Study participants completed a set of standardised questionnaires, including Yale Food Addiction Scale, and attended a one-off experimental session. Blood was collected before and after viewing two sets of food images (healthy and hyperpalatable foods). Participants were randomly allocated in a crossover design to view either healthy images or hyperpalatable foods first. A positive correlation between BMI and plasma oxytocin was found (r(2) = 0.32, p = 0.021) at baseline. Oxytocin levels were higher, and cholecystokinin levels lower, in food addicted (n = 6) vs. non-food addicted females (p = 0.015 and p<0.001, respectively). There were no significant changes (p>0.05) in plasma oxytocin levels in response to either healthy or hyperpalatable food images. Given that endogenous oxytocin administration tends to suppress eating behaviour; these data indicate that oxytocin receptor desensitization or oxytocin resistance may be important factors in the pathogenesis of obesity and food addiction. However, further studies in larger samples are needed to determine if peripheral oxytocin is responsive to visual food cues.
The effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) on serum inflammatory markers: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background & aims: Dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet is associated with improved blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is proposed that DASH might also improve systemic inflammatory markers like highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP); however, interventional studies have led to conflicting results. The aim of current systematic review was to summarize results of randomized clinical trials examining the effect of DASH on inflammatory biomarkers.
PREVALENCE OF FOOD HABITS AND NUTRITIONAL STATUS IN ADULT POPULATION SERVED IN PRIMARY CARE; Objective: To identify dietary patterns and nutritional status of the population between 18-44 years visited at a health center (HC) and explore the associated factors.
Coffee consumption and cardiovascular diseases and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Aims: To evaluate the long-term consequences of coffee drinking in patients with type 2 diabetes. Data synthesis: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences were searched to November 2020 for prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of coffee drinking with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Two reviewers extracted data and rated the certainty of evidence using GRADE approach. Random-effects models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. Dose-response associations were modeled by a one stage mixed-effects meta-analysis. Ten prospective cohort studies with 82,270 cases were included. Compared to those with no coffee consumption, the HRs for consumption of 4 cups/ d were 0.79 (95%CI: 0.72, 0.87; n = 10 studies) for all-cause mortality, 0.60 (95%CI: 0.46, 0.79; n = 4) for CVD mortality, 0.68 (95%CI: 0.51, 0.91; n = 3) for coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality, 0.72 (95%CI: 0.54, 0.98; n = 2) for CHD, and 0.77 (95%CI: 0.61, 0.98; n = 2) for total CVD events. There was no significant association for cancer mortality and stroke. There was an inverse monotonic association between coffee drinking and all-cause and CVD mortality, and inverse linear association for CHD and total CVD events. The certainty of evidence was graded moderate for all-cause mortality, and low or very low for other outcomes. Conclusions: Drinking coffee may be inversely associated with the risk of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, more research is needed considering type of coffee, sugar and cream added to coffee, and history of CVD to present more confident results. Registry and registry number: The protocol of this systematic review was registered at Open Science Framework (https://osf.io/8uaf3, registered form: osf.io/xur76, registration DOI: 10.17605/ OSF.IO/8UAF3). (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The effects of a 6-month weight loss intervention on physical function and serum biomarkers in older adults with and without osteoarthritis; Objective: To examine the effects of a 6-month weight loss intervention on physical function, inflammatory biomarkers, and metabolic biomarkers in both those with and without osteoarthritis (OA). Design:59 individuals >= 60 years old with obesity and a functional impairment were enrolled into this IRB approved clinical trial and randomized into one of two 6-month weight loss arms: a higher protein hypocaloric diet or a standard protein hypocaloric diet. All participants were prescribed individualized 500-kcal daily-deficit diets, with a goal of 10% weight loss. Additionally, participants participated in three, low-intensity, exercise sessions per week. Physical function, serum biomarkers and body composition data were assessed at the baseline and 6-month timepoints. Statistical analyses assessed the relationships between biomarkers, physical function, body composition, and OA status as a result of the intervention. Results: No group effects of dietary intervention were detected on any outcome measures (multiple p > 0.05). During the 6-month trial, participants lost 6.2 +/- 4.0% of their bodyweight (p < 0.0001) and experienced improved physical function on the Short-Performance-Physical-Battery (p < 0.0001), 8-foot-up-and-go (p < 0.0001), and time to complete 10-chair-stands (p < 0.0001). Adiponectin concentrations (p = 0.0480) were elevated, and cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP) concentrations (p < 0.0001) were reduced; further analysis revealed that reductions in serum COMP concentrations were greater in OA-negative individuals. Conclusions: These results suggest that weight loss in older adults with and without OA may provide a protective effect to cartilage and OA. In particular, OA-negative individuals may be able to mitigate changes associated with OA through weight loss.
Infant nutrition and blood pressure in early adulthood: the Barry Caerphilly Growth study; Background: Evidence suggests that environmental factors acting early in life may affect blood pressure in adulthood.
Recent changes in sociodemographic characteristics, dietary behaviors and clinical parameters of adults receiving food assistance in France; Background: In 2004-2005, a survey carried out on food recipients in France revealed an alarming nutritional situation. In 2011-2012, and using a protocol similar to that of 2004-2005, our objective was to update the description of sociodemographic characteristics, dietary behaviors and clinical parameters of food assistance recipients and to analyze changes since 2004-2005.
Effects of a College Course About Food and Society on Students' Eating Behaviors; Background: Health education programs for promoting a healthful diet have shown limited success in clinical trials.
Probiotics combined with atorvastatin administration in the treatment of hyperlipidemia: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background: Hyperlipidemia is a common feature of chronic diseases. The aim of this work was designed to assess the role of probiotics (Lactobacillus casei Zhang, Bifidobactetium animalis subsp. lactis V9, and Lactobacillus plantarum P-8) in the treatment of hyperlipidemia. Methods: Thirty three patients with hyperlipidemia were randomly divided into a probiotic group (n = 18) and a control group (n = 15). The probiotic group was administered probiotics (2 g once daily) and atorvastatin 20 mg (once daily), and the control group was administered a placebo (2 g once daily) and atorvastatin 20 mg (once daily). Serum and fecal samples were gathered for subsequent analyses. Results: Time had a significant effect on the total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels in the probiotic and control groups (P < .05). The gut microbial abundance in the probiotic group was markedly higher than that in the control group following 3-month probiotic treatment (P < .05). At the phylum level, probiotics exerted no notable effects on the relative abundance of Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, and Actinobacteria but elevated that of Tenericutes and reduced Proteobacteria. At the genus level, probiotics increased the relative abundance of Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, and Akkermansia, and decreased that of Escherichia, Eggerthella, and Sutterella relative to the control group in months 1, 2, and 3 (P < .05). Conclusions: Probiotics optimize the gut microbiota structure and decrease the amount of harmful bacteria in patients with hyperlipidemia. Probiotics can influence the composition of gut microorganisms and increase their diversity and abundance in vivo. It is recommended to use probiotics combined with atorvastatin to treat patients with hyperlipidemia.
Effect of a weight-loss program on mental stress-induced cardiovascular responses and recovery; Objective: We assessed the effect of weight loss on blood pressure (BP) and pulse rate during rest, psychological stress, and recovery after stress.
Epidemiology of risk factors and symptoms associated with menopause in Spanish women; Objectives: (1) To assess the prevalence of risk factors for osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease and the prevalence and severity of the appearance of menopausal symptoms among Spanish menopausal women. (2) To identify the main factors responsible for this severity. (3) To detect symptom differences between perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Prostate cancer risk related to foods, food groups, macronutrients and micronutrients derived from the UK Dietary Cohort Consortium food diaries; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The influence of dietary factors remains controversial for screen-detected prostate cancer and inconclusive for clinically detected disease. We aimed to examine these associations using prospectively collected food diaries.
Dietary patterns and their association with cardiovascular risk factors in Ethiopia: A community-based cross-sectional study; PurposeTo identify the dietary patterns and their association with cardiovascular risk factors among adult people in urban and rural areas of Wolaita, southern Ethiopia. MethodsA total of 2,483 participants aged 25-64 years were selected using a three-stage random sampling. Data for this study were collected using structured questionnaires, the previous 24-h dietary intake assessment, anthropometric, blood pressure, and biochemical measurements. We used factor analysis to identify dietary patterns. Factors associated with dietary patterns were analyzed using multiple linear regression models. The adjusted regression coefficients with their 95% CI were used to ascertain the association. ResultWe identified three major dietary patterns that explained 51% of the variance in food consumption. The western dietary pattern was characterized by the consumption of meat/organ meat, biscuits/sweets, chicken stew, pasta-macaroni recipes, butter, white wheat bread, egg recipe, and Ethiopian dish shiro-wet, and was positively associated with urban residence, obesity, hypertension, blood glucose, and total cholesterol levels. Adherence to the consumption of tubers, whole-grain maize products, coffee leaves-and-herbs beverage, legumes, and sweet potatoes featured the traditional dietary pattern. The traditional dietary pattern showed a positive relationship with rural residence, physical activity, and obesity, and it had a negative relationship with hypertension. The healthy dietary pattern was characterized by the intake of green leafy vegetables, green pepper, and whole-grain maize products, and negatively related to obesity, and hypertension, while positively related to urban residence. ConclusionThe coexistence of western, traditional, and healthy dietary patterns in the present study indicates the transition to a new dietary pattern in the study area. All dietary patterns were associated with one or more cardiovascular risk factors, but the western dietary pattern was associated with most of these, while the traditional diet showed fewer such associations. Therefore, it might be useful to promote healthy and traditional dietary patterns along with physical activity. Interventions related to the current findings, if initiated early in life, may benefit the public in preventing cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, and type 2-diabetes.
Mendelian randomization as a tool for causal inference in human nutrition and metabolism; Purpose of review The current review describes the fundamentals of the Mendelian randomization framework and its current application for causal inference in human nutrition and metabolism. Recent findings In the Mendelian randomization framework, genetic variants that are strongly associated with the potential risk factor are used as instrumental variables to determine whether the risk factor is a cause of the disease. Mendelian randomization studies are less susceptible to confounding and reverse causality compared with traditional observational studies. The Mendelian randomization study design has been increasingly used in recent years to appraise the causal associations of various nutritional factors, such as milk and alcohol intake, circulating levels of micronutrients and metabolites, and obesity with risk of different health outcomes. Mendelian randomization studies have confirmed some but challenged other nutrition-disease associations recognized by traditional observational studies. Yet, the causal role of many nutritional factors and intermediate metabolic changes for health and disease remains unresolved. Mendelian randomization can be used as a tool to improve causal inference in observational studies assessing the role of nutritional factors and metabolites in health and disease. There is a need for more large-scale genome-wide association studies to identify more genetic variants for nutritional factors that can be utilized for Mendelian randomization analyses.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of the effects of synbiotics, probiotics, or prebiotics in controlling glucose homeostasis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients; Background: Probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics have been suggested as a possible therapy for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, their efficacy in improving blood glucose levels in NAFLD patients remains uncertain. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of supplementation with probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics on fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels in NAFLD patients. Methods: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Google Scholar for relevant trials published up to March 2024. Out of 3369 identified studies, 24 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Results: Probiotic, prebiotic, or synbiotic supplementation substantially reduced FBG (n = 23; standard mean difference (SMD) = -0.17; 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.30, -0.03; P = 0.02), fasting insulin levels (n = 12; SMD = -0.28; 95% CI: -0.49, -0.07; P = 0.01), and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; n = 14; SMD = -0.28; 95% CI: -0.47, -0.09; P = 0.004). However, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c; n = 3; SMD = -0.17; 95% CI: -0.48, 0.13; P = 0.27) was not significantly affected. The FBG-decreasing effect diminished as the body mass index (BMI) of volunteers increased in the baseline. Additionally, the number of probiotic strains and geographic region were shown to significantly affect FBG levels. Conclusion: This meta-analysis indicates that supplementation with probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics may aid in controlling glucose homeostasis in patients with NAFLD.
Using the RE-AIM Framework to Evaluate the Statewide Dissemination of a School-Based Physical Activity and Nutrition Curriculum: "Exercise Your Options"; Purpose. Examine the reach,, efficacy, adoption, implementation, and maintenance of a physical activity and nutrition curriculum for middle-school students
Lifestyle modifications to prevent and manage hypertension for exercise physiologists and fitness professionals; Information tailored to the interest of exercise physiologists and fitness professionals is provided regarding the Canadian Hypertension Society's 2005 evidence-based recommendations on lifestyle modfications for the prevention and management of hypertension. The evidence from randomized controlled (RC) trials and systematic reviews of RC trials published in peer reviewed journals was reviewed by subject matter experts and then appraised independently by content and methodology experts. Blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome. All recommendations were debated and then voted on by the 43 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program's Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force and achieved at least 95% consensus. Lifestyle modifications to prevent and/or manage hypertension include: (1) perform 30-60 minutes of aerobic exercise on 4-7 days of the week; (2) maintain a healthy body weight (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (< 102 cm for men and < 88 cm for women); (3) limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 standard drinks per week in men or 9 standard drinks per week in women; (4)follow a diet that emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and which is reduced in fat and cholesterol (DASH diet); (5) restrict salt intake; and (6) consider stress management in selected individuals.
Food habits of Canadians: Reduction in fat intake over a generation; Purpose: A national survey of adult Canadians (n=1,544) was recently undertaken (1997-1998) to monitor whether changes in dietary intake have occurred since the last Canadian dietary survey, conducted a generation ago
Human placenta as a 'dual' biomarker for monitoring fetal and maternal environment with special reference to potentially toxic trace elements Part 1: Physiology, function and sampling of placenta for elemental characterisation; Choice of specimen from human subjects for monitoring pollutants proven to be detrimental to human health depends on the criteria chosen, namely real-time monitoring (RTM) or long-term monitoring (LTM). Specimens such as whole blood, urine, saliva and breast milk are commonly used from living subjects for RTM of toxic metals. However, sampling blood requires an invasive procedure. On the other hand, hair (with some limitations), bone (especially for the assessment of bone seeking elements), adipose tissue (mainly for organic pollutants) and liver (for both organic and inorganic toxicants) are used as specimens for LTM. With the exception of hair, generally these specimens are obtained at post-mortem. In context of health-related biomonitoring, placenta as a specimen has not received as much attention as it deserves. It is a unique sample requiring no invasive procedure, and offers possibilities for RTM, in particular as a dual purpose specimen for evaluating the pollutant burden exerted on the mother as well as on the fetus. Obtaining representative samples of placenta for elemental composition studies is a difficult task, because of heterogeneous mix of placental cells and decidual matter tainted with maternal and fetal blood. Therefore, the present sampling practices for placental tissue, and guidelines to safeguard the validity of the sampled material have been reviewed in part 1 with the following conclusions: medico-legal and ethical matters should be properly addressed before collecting the placenta; it is advisable to collect the entire placenta even if it includes the umbilical cord, further preparatory work is to be carried out in a clean laboratory and depends upon the purpose of the investigation; homogenising the entire sample may prove to be technically challenging but this step is crucial to obtain representative samples, handling the entire sample may be unavoidable; and an alternative method of procuring representative samples would require random samples from multiple sites, pooled, homogenised and assayed to confirm homogeneity. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
An extract of black, green, and mulberry teas causes malabsorption of carbohydrate but not of triacylglycerol in healthy volunteers; Background: In vitro studies suggest that extracts of black, green, and mulberry teas could interfere with carbohydrate and triacylglycerol absorption via their ability to inhibit alpha-amylase, alpha-glucosidase, sodium-glucose transporters, and pancreatic lipase.
Effects of various dietary lipid additives on lamb performance, carcass characteristics, adipose tissue fatty acid composition, and wool characteristics; Tasco (Ascophyllum nodosum; TA) was compared to canola (CO), flax (FO), and safflower oils (SO) for effects on performance, carcass characteristics, and fatty acid profiles of adipose tissue in skirt muscle (SM), subcutaneous and perirenal adipose tissues, and wool production and quality characteristics of Canadian Arcott lambs. Fifty-six lambs were randomly assigned to dietary treatments (n = 14 per treatment). Diets consisted of a pelleted, barley-based finishing diet containing either TA, CO, FO, or SO (2% of dietary DM). Feed deliveries and orts were recorded daily. Lambs were weighed weekly and slaughtered once they reached >= 45 kg BW. Carcass characteristics, rumen pH, and liver weights were determined at slaughter. Wool yield was determined on mid-side patches of 100 cm(2) shorn at d 0 and on the day before slaughter (d 105 or 140). Dyebands were used to determine wool growth, micrometer and staple length. Adipose tissues and SM samples were taken at slaughter and analyzed for FA profiles. No effects were observed on intake, growth, or carcass characteristics. A greater (P = 0.02) staple strength of lambs fed CO was the only effect observed in wool. Flax oil increased total n-3 and decreased the n-6/n-3 ratio in tissue FA profiles (P < 0.001) in comparison to other diets. Tasco increased (P <= 0.001) SFA/PUFA in all tissues, whereas concentrations of CLA c-9, t-11 were greatest with SO in all tissues (P = 0.02), compared to other diets. These results suggest Tasco supplementation did not improve the n-3/n-6 or SFA/PUFA ratios of lamb adipose tissues compared to other dietary lipid additives.
A Palaeolithic diet improves glucose tolerance more than a Mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischaemic heart disease; Aims/hypothesis Most studies of diet in glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes have focused on intakes of fat, carbohydrate, fibre, fruits and vegetables. Instead, we aimed to compare diets that were available during human evolution with more recently introduced ones.
Major effect of retinal short-chain dehydrogenase reductase (RDHE2) on bovine fat colour; Beef with yellow fat is considered undesirable by consumers in most European and Asian markets. beta-Carotene is the major carotenoid deposited in the adipose tissue and milk fat of cattle (Bos taurus), which can result in the yellowness. The effects of retinal short-chain dehydrogenase reductase (RDHE2) and beta, beta-carotene 9',10-dioxygenase (BCO2) were considered jointly as major candidate genes for causing the yellow fat colour, based on their genomic locations in the fat colour quantitative trait loci (QTL) and their roles in the metabolism of beta-carotene. In a secondary pathway, BCO2 cleaves beta-carotene into retinoic acid, the most potent form of vitamin A. RDHE2 converts trans-retinol to trans-retinal, a less active form of vitamin A. We evaluated the effects of two amino acid variants of the RDHE2 gene (V6A and V33A) along with a mutation in the BCO2 gene that results in a stop codon (W80X) in seven cattle populations. The RDHE2 V6A genotype affected several fat colour traits but the size of the effect varied in the populations studied. The genotype effect of the RDHE2 V33A variant was observed only in New Zealand samples of unknown breed. In general, the individual effects of RDHE2 V6A and V33A SNPs genotypes were greater in the random New Zealand samples than in samples from pedigreed Jersey-Limousin backcross progeny, accounting for 8-17 % of the variance in one population. Epistasis between the BCO2 W80X and RDHE2 variants was observed, and in some populations this explained more of the variation than the effects of the individual RDHE2 variants.
Acute load-dependent effects of oral whey protein on gastric emptying, gut hormone release, glycemia, appetite, and energy intake in healthy men; Background: In healthy individuals, intraduodenal whey protein load-dependently modulates gastrointestinal motor and hormonal functions and suppresses energy intake. The effect of oral whey, particularly the impact of load, has not been evaluated.
Effects of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Obesity, Insulin Resistance Syndrome, Type 2 Diabetes and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Review of Human Clinical Trials; The use of probiotics and synbiotics in the prevention and treatment of different disorders has dramatically increased over the last decade. Both probiotics and synbiotics are well known ingredients of functional foods and nutraceuticals and may provide beneficial health effects because they can influence the intestinal microbial ecology and immunity. The present study reviews the effects of probiotics and synbiotics on obesity, insulin resistance syndrome (IRS), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in human randomized clinical trials. Select probiotics and synbiotics provided beneficial effects in patients with obesity, mainly affecting the body mass index and fat mass. Some probiotics had beneficial effects on IRS, decreasing the cell adhesion molecule-1 levels, and the synbiotics decreased the insulin resistance and plasma lipid levels. Moreover, select probiotics improved the carbohydrate metabolism, fasting blood glucose, insulin sensitivity and antioxidant status and also reduced metabolic stress in subjects with T2D. Some probiotics and synbiotics improved the liver and metabolic parameters in patients with NAFLD. The oral intake of probiotics and synbiotics as co-adjuvants for the prevention and treatment of obesity, IRS, T2D and NAFLD is partially supported by the data shown in the present review. However, further studies are required to understand the precise mechanism of how probiotics and synbiotics affect these metabolic disorders.
Pre-Sleep Consumption of Casein and Whey Protein: Effects on Morning Metabolism and Resistance Exercise Performance in Active Women; Consuming milk proteins (casein (CP) and whey (WP)) at night before sleep has been shown to positively influence next morning resting metabolic rate (RMR). No data exist regarding the effect of pre-sleep consumption of CP and WP on the ability to perform resistance exercise (RE) the following morning. The present study compared the effects of low (24 g) and high (48 g) doses of CP and WP and a non-energetic placebo (PLA) consumed 30 min before sleep on morning RMR, and RE performance. Nine active women participated in this randomized, double-blind, crossover study. Next morning RMR was measured via indirect calorimetry. RE was performed on six machines for 2 sets of 10 repetitions, and a 3rd set to failure at 60% of one-repetition maximum to calculate RE volume (weight lifted x sets x repetitions). Magnitude based inferences were used. Compared to the PLA, 48 g CP had a likely increase in RMR (4.0 +/- 4.8%) and possibly trivial (1.1 +/- 7.0%) effect on RE volume. There were no clear effects of 24 g CP, 24 g and 48 g of WP on RMR and RE volume. In conclusion, 48 g CP elicited favorable changes in morning RMR, with only trivial changes in RE performance.
Positional distribution of CLA in TAG of lamb tissues; The content and positional distribution of CLA in TAG fractions of lamb tissues was examined with either preformed CLA or the linoleic acid precursor of CLA in the diet as experimental treatments. The CLA content of phospholipid (PL) from these tissues was also examined. Thirteen lambs were randomized to the following dietary treatments: (i) control diet (no supplement); (ii) CLA supplementation (0.33 g d(-1) for 21 d prior to weaning) to milk-replacer of pre-ruminating lambs, or (iii) feeding linoleic acid-rich oil (6% safflower oil on a dry matter basis) to weaned ruminating lambs. At slaughter, tissue samples were procured from diaphragm, rib muscle, and subcutaneous (SC) adipose tissue. Safflower oil supplementation in the diet resulted in an increase in CLA content of the TAG from diaphragm, rib muscle, and SC adipose tissue by about threefold (P < 0.05) on a mol% basis. CLA was localized to the sn-1/3 positions of TAG. Animals that received pre-formed CLA, however, had increased proportions of CLA at the sn-2 position of TAG from SC adipose tissue, suggesting that there were tissue-specific dietary effects and possible age-related effects on the mode of FA incorporation into TAG. Safflower oil supplementation in the diet had no effect on the CLA content of PL from diaphragm, rib muscle, and SC adipose tissue, suggesting that CLA was preferentially incorporated into the TAG of these tissues.
Eating Slowly Increases the Postprandial Response of the Anorexigenic Gut Hormones, Peptide YY and Glucagon-Like Peptide-1; Context: The rate at which people eat has been suggested to be positively associated with obesity, although appetite and related gut hormones have not been measured.
Dietary and metabolic factors in the pathogenesis of hidradenitis suppurativa: a systematic review; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a systemic recalcitrant inflammatory condition characterized by debilitating lesions with high morbidity. Its known association with obesity and smoking indicate correlation with other environmental factors, such as diet, suggesting a larger role for lifestyle modifications in disease treatment. This study seeks to assess the contribution of weight loss and dietary intake in HS management. A primary literature search was conducted using PubMed, Web of Science, and CINAHL in November 2018 to include association and intervention studies on the influence of diet and weight on HS. Twenty-five articles were included. Meta-analysis of nine case-control studies across Asia, Europe, and the United States showed that HS patients are four times more likely to be obese compared to the general population; random effects pooled odds ratio 4.022 (2.667-6.065), P < 0.001. Five articles assessed weight-loss interventions and revealed mixed findings. The remaining articles included three association studies on micronutrient levels, eight dietary intervention studies, and one article analyzing both micronutrient association and dietary intervention. Included articles in this systematic review reveal that low serum zinc and vitamin D levels are associated with increased lesion count in HS. Supplementation of zinc, vitamin D, vitamin B12, or exclusion of dairy or brewer's yeast can be effective in partial or complete lesion resolution. Reviewed data show that weight loss from bariatric surgery may lead to HS improvement but often results in more severe malnutrition that worsens or even leads to new onset HS post bariatric surgery. Future reporting is needed to conclusively determine the role of diet in HS.
Multi-Strain Probiotics Inhibit Cardiac Myopathies and Autophagy to Prevent Heart Injury in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats; High-fat diets induce obesity, leading to cardiomyocyte fibrosis and autophagy imbalance. In addition, no previous studies have indicated that probiotics have potential health effects associated with cardiac fibrosis and autophagy in obese rats.
Saturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease: Modulation by Replacement Nutrients; Despite the well-established observation that substitution of saturated fats for carbohydrates or unsaturated fats increases low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in humans and animal models, the relationship of saturated fat intake to risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in humans remains controversial. A critical question is what macronutrient should be used to replace saturated fat. Substituting polyunsaturated fat for saturated fat reduces LDL cholesterol and the total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. However, replacement of saturated fat by carbohydrates, particularly refined carbohydrates and added sugars, increases levels of triglyceride and small LDL particles and reduces high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, effects that are of particular concern in the context of the increased prevalence of obesity and insulin resistance. Epidemiologic studies and randomized clinical trials have provided consistent evidence that replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat, but not carbohydrates, is beneficial for coronary heart disease. Therefore, dietary recommendations should emphasize substitution of polyunsaturated fat and minimally processed grains for saturated fat.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid differentially alters fatty acid composition and increases conjugated linoleic acid content in porcine adipose tissue; Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) have been shown to decrease body fat content in pigs. It is possible that feeding pigs diets rich in CLA may increase carcass lipid CLA to levels that could provide health benefits when included as a part of a healthy diet. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to determine whether dietary CLA supplementation has any effect on the fatty acid composition of subcutaneous and intramuscular adipose tissue in pigs. Thirty-five female cross bred (Large White X Landrace) pigs (initial weight 57.2 kg and initial P2 back fat 11.5 mm) were used in the present study. Pigs were housed individually and randomly allocated to one of six dietary treatments (0.00, 1.25, 2.50, 5.00, 7.50 and 10.00 g CLA55 (55 g CLA isomers/100 g total fatty acids; Natural Lipids Ltd, Hovdebygda, Norway)/kg) and fed their respective diets for 8 weeks. Twelve CLA isomers in the diet and in pig tissue lipids were separated by Ag+-HPLC. CLA was incorporated at fivefold higher levels in subcutaneous fat as compared with intramuscular fat and in a dose-dependant manner. Overall, the transfer efficiency of CLA was maximized at 5.00 g CLA55/kg. However, there was clear selectivity in the uptake or incorporation of cis,trans-9.11 isomer over the trans,cis-10,12 isomer. In general, CLA supplementation produced significant changes in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue fatty acid composition, indicating that dietary CLA had a potent affect on lipid transport and metabolism in vivo. Significant increases in myristic, palmitic and palmitoleic acids and a reduction in arachidonic acid were observed, suggesting an alteration in activity of Delta(5)-, Delta(6)- and Delta(9)-desaturases in pig adipose tissue. In conclusion, feeding pigs diets supplemented with CLA increases carcass lipid CLA, but also results in changes in the fatty acid profile in pig fat that could potentially outweigh the benefits of CLA.
The fatty acid composition of muscle fat and subcutaneous adipose tissue of grazing heifers supplemented with plant oil-enriched concentrates; Our objective was to determine the effect of oil supplementation of pasture fed, beef cattle on the fatty acids, particularly CLA and PUFA, of muscle and s.c. adipose tissue. Forty-five Charolais crossbred heifers were blocked on BW and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary regimens in a randomized complete block design (n = 15). The 3 treatments were: unsupplemented grazing (GO), restricted grazing plus a sunflower oil-enriched ration (SO), or restricted grazing plus a linseed oil-enriched ration (LO). Heifers were fed the experimental diets for approximately 158 d. Samples of LM muscle and s.c. adipose tissue were taken postmortem, the muscle fat was separated into neutral lipid and polar lipid (no separation was performed on the s.c. adipose tissue), and the fatty acid profile was determined by GLC. No effect of dietary treatment on carcass weight or total fatty acid concentration (mean 2,571 mg/100 g of muscle) in muscle fat was detected. Heifers offered SO had a greater (P < 0.001) proportion of CLA and C18:1trans-11 (1.90 and 9.35 vs. 1.35 and 6.89 g/100 g of fatty acids, respectively) in neutral lipid of muscle fat compared with those offered LO, which had a greater proportion of CLA and C18:1trans-11 than heifers offered GO (0.78 and 3.37 g/100 g of fatty acids, respectively). Similar effects were observed in the polar lipid and s.c. lipid. The PUFA:SFA ratio was greater in muscle fat and s.c. adipose tissue from supplemented heifers than in those offered GO (P < 0.001). Compared with LO, the PUFA:SFA ratio was greater (P < 0.05) in muscle fat of heifers offered SO, but there was no difference between SO and LO for this ratio in s.c. adipose tissue. The n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio was similar in muscle and s.c. adipose tissue for GO and LO, but it was greater (P < 0.05) for SO. It is concluded that supplementation of pasture-fed cattle with plant oil-enriched concentrates resulted in an increase in beef fat of some fatty acids considered to be of benefit to human health. Concentrates enriched with sunflower oil were more effective in increasing the CLA concentration, whereas linseed oil-enriched concentrates resulted in a more favorable n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio. The relevance to human health of the associated increase in C18:1trans-11 merits investigation.
Growth before 2 years of age and serum lipids 60 years later:: The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study; Background Small body size at birth and slow growth during the first 2 years after birth, leading to low body mass index (BMI) at 2 years, are associated with coronary heart disease and stroke in adult life. We tested the hypothesis that this path of growth is associated with an atherogenic lipid profile in later life.
Oestradiol Enhances Plasma Growth Hormone and Insulin-like Growth Factor-I Concentrations and Increased the Expression of their Receptors mRNAs in the Liver of Ovariectomized Cows; Many metabolic hormones, growth hormone (GH), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and insulin affect ovarian functions. However, whether ovarian steroid hormones affect metabolic hormones in cattle remains unknown. This study aimed to determine the effect of sex steroids on the plasma profiles of GH, IGF-I and insulin and their receptors in the liver and adipose tissues of dairy cows. Ovariectomized cows (n = 14) were randomly divided into four groups: control group (n = 3) was treated with saline on Day 0; oestradiol (E2) group (n = 3), with saline and 1 mg oestradiol benzoate (EB) on Day 0 and 5, respectively; progesterone (P4) group (n = 4) with two CIDRs (Pfizer Inc., Tokyo, Japan) from Day 0; and E2 + P4 group (n = 4) with two CIDRs on Day 0 that were removed on Day 6 and were immediately injected with 1 mg EB. The animals were euthanized after the experiment, and liver and adipose tissues samples were quantitatively analysed using real-time PCR for the expression of mRNA for the GH (GHR), IGF-I (IGFR-I) and insulin (IR) receptor mRNAs. Oestradiol benzoate significantly increased the number of peaks (p < 0.05), pulse amplitude (p < 0.05) and area under the curve (AUC; p < 0.01) for plasma GH; moreover, it increased plasma IGF-I concentration (p < 0.05), but it had no effect on the plasma insulin profile. P4 significantly decreased the AUC (p < 0.01), compared with the control group, whereas it did not affect the number of peaks and the amplitude of GH pulses. P4 + E2 did not affect the GH pulse profile. E2 increased the mRNA expression of GHR, IGFR-I and IR in the liver (p < 0.05), whereas both P4 and E2 + P4 did not change their expressions. Our results provide evidence that the metabolic and reproductive endocrine axes may regulate each other to ensure optimal reproductive and metabolic function.
Hypertriglyceridemia and CVD Risk Factors' Reduction Using Lapacho Tea; In earlier studies Tabebuia impetiginosa extract inhibited lipase and slowed the increase of postprandial triglycerides in rats given a fat load. Therefore, we investigated its triglyceride lowering and cardioprotective effects in Wistar rats fed a high fat and fructose diet (HFFD). In a dose-effect trial, three groups of 21 rats each were fed for 74 days only HFFD (controls), or HFFD, to which either 0.3 (HFFD+lowL) or 0.6 mg dry Tabebuia impetiginosa extract per kg food (HFFD+highL) was added. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and at the end of intervention. Tabebuia impetiginosa extract lowered dose-dependently and significantly (p<0.05) plasma triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), atherogenic index (AI), cardiovascular risk index (CRI) and liver TG, as well as fasting blood glucose (FBG) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), with coefficients of determination (R-2) ranging between 0.083 and 0.270 and corresponding correlation coefficients between - 0.288 and -0.519 (General Linear Model (GLM) procedure). Fat malassimilation was not observed. In conclusion, Tabebuia impetiginosa extract might be a promising adjunct in the management of hypertriglyceridemia and other risk factors of cardiovascular disease, common in obesity and diabetes.
Comparison of efficacy and safety of tretinoin 0.05% and glycolic acid peeling 70% in axillary and neck lesions of acanthosis nigricans: A single-blinded, randomized trial; BackgroundAcanthosis nigricans is a non-inflammatory skin pigmentary disorder characterized by a dark, velvety appearance, primarily observed in the neck and axillary areas. It is commonly associated with obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Although the primary treatment is correcting the underlying disorders, many aesthetic modalities have been established to improve appearance owing to cosmetic concerns.AimsWe aimed to compare and investigate the effectiveness and side effects of tretinoin 0.05% and glycolic acid 70% in treating acanthosis nigricans lesions of the axillary and neck area.MethodsThis single-blinded, randomized trial recruited patients with neck or axillary involvement. Each patient was randomized to use cream tretinoin 0.05% every other night on one side, while the other side was treated with glycolic acid 70%, which was applied every 2 weeks at the clinic for four consecutive sessions. The study duration was 8 weeks, and patients were evaluated every 2 weeks based on their response to treatment, satisfaction, and side effects.ResultsThirty patients, including 14 with neck lesions and 16 with axillary lesions, were included. Tretinoin was significantly more effective for axillary lesions in terms of treatment response and patient satisfaction (p = 0.02 and p = 0.008, respectively). It was also shown that as the severity of the lesions increased, the response to treatment and patient satisfaction decreased, specifically when treating axillary lesions with glycolic acid (p = 0.02 and p = 0.03, respectively).ConclusionNeither method was significantly effective for neck lesions. However, tretinoin 0.05% was shown to be more efficacious in treating axillary lesions of acanthosis nigricans, despite causing minimal side effects.
Effects of feeding plant additives rich in saponins and essential oils on the performance, carcass traits and conjugated linoleic acid concentrations in muscle and adipose tissues of Black Bengal goats; A study was undertaken to investigate the feeding of plant additives containing high concentrations of saponins (Acacia concinna pods; AC) and essential oils (Syzygium aromaticum buds; SA) on growth performance, feed utilization and concentrations of fatty acids (FA) including conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) in muscle and adipose tissues of Black Bengal goats. Eighteen growing goats (initial body weight of 7.97 +/- 0.34 kg and the age of 6-8 months) were equally divided into three groups (control, AC and SA) in a randomized complete block design. All goats were fed the same concentrate mixture containing sunflower oil at 66.7 g/kg dietary dry matter (DM) and berseem hay ad libitum in the ratio of 60:40. The AC and SA were added at the rate of 5.0 and 2.5 g/kg DM, respectively to the concentrate mixture. A metabolic trial was conducted after 90 days of feeding, and carcass traits and FA composition of longissimus dorsi muscle and subcutaneous adipose tissues were determined at day 121 of feeding. Plant additives did not affect (P>0.05) average daily gains, feed intake, digestibilities of nutrients and N balance in goats. Feeding of plant additives also did not affect (P>0.05) carcass traits, and concentrations of protein, fat and ash in muscle. Addition of SA decreased (P<0.01) the proportion of total saturated FA, but increased the proportion of total polyunsaturated FA (PUFA; P<0.032) in both muscle and adipose tissues. Proportions of total CLA and cis-9, trans-11 CLA tended (P<0.10) to increase in muscle and adipose tissues owing to the inclusion of SA in the diet. However, feeding of SA decreased (P<0.01) the biohydrogenation of 18:2n-6 and complete hydrogenation to C18:0 and C22:0. Feeding of AC did not exert any effects (P>0.10) on the composition of FA in muscle and adipose tissues. Concentrations of serum glucose, cholesterol, protein and triglyceride were not altered by any additives. In conclusion, feeding of SA at 1.5 g/kg of DM may improve the concentrations of beneficial FA in meat without any adverse effect on digestibility and growth performance in Black Bengal goats. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Effect of cigarette smoke exposure during pregnancy and lactation of rats and the offspring on the serum and morphometric parameters; PURPOSE: to investigate the effect of cigarette smoke exposure on body and tissue weight gain, serum parameters and milk yield during pregnancy and lactation in rats, and the impact on offspring from birth toil young adulthood. METHODS: 40 Wistar pregnant rats were randomly divided into: CG - not exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of pregnancy; CL - not exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of lactation; FG - exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of pregnancy; FL - exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of lactation. The offspring were separated by gender and divided according to their mothers' groups. Tissue weight, body weight and serum parameters were evaluated in rats and offspring. Milk yield per pup was calculated. RESULTS: body weight was decreased in FL during lactation (CL=267.0 +/- 7.2; FL=235.5 +/- 7.2 g*, * p<0.05). Adipose tissue was not detected in the CL and FL groups, and was reduced in FG compared to CG (CG=3.3 +/- 0.3; FG=2.4 +/- 0.3 g*, * p<0.05). Rats exposed to cigarette smoke had higher blood glucose levels (CG=113 +/- 17, CL=86 +/- 16, FG=177 +/- 21*, FL=178 +/- 23 mg/dL*, * p<0.05 CG versus FG e CL versus FL), CL and FL groups presented lower HDL-cholesterol with no change in total cholesterol. Finally, rats exposed to cigarette smoke had lower milk yield compared to unexposed rats (CL=6.7 +/- 0.4, FL=5.4 +/- 0.3 g*, * p<0.05). In offspring from the FG and FL groups, there was a decrease of body weight from birth to young adulthood, with no changes in gastrocnemius, liver or heart weights in any group, and adipose tissue was no detected in female offspring. There was an increase in blood glucose in offspring of both sexes from rats exposed to cigarette smoke (males: Pcg=107 +/- 10.5, Pcl=115 +/- 8.6, Pfg=148 +/- 16.8*, Pfl=172 +/- 11.2**; females: Pcg=109 +/- 27.2, Pcl=104 +/- 9.7, Pfg=134 +/- 20.0*, Pfl=126 +/- 13.3**; p<0.05 * Pcg versus Pfg and **Pcl versus Pfl). CONCLUSIONS: exposure to cigarette smoke provokes impairment of morphometric and serum parameters during pregnancy and lactation both in mothers and offspring, which is maintained during young adulthood.
Ciliary neurotrophic factor injected icv induces adipose tissue apoptosis in rats; Recent findings show that ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF) and leptin have similar effects on food intake and body weight, suggesting possible overlapping mechanisms. Intracerebroventricular (icv) injection of leptin results in adipose tissue apoptosis. To determine if CNTF has similar activity, male Sprague Dawley rats implanted with lateral cerebroventricular cannulas were randomly assigned to four treatment groups (N = 8), including control (aCSF), 10 mug/day leptin, 1 mug/day CNTF, and 5 mug/day CNTF. Rats received daily icv injections for 4 successive days. Both leptin and CNTF (5 mug) decreased BW (8.6% and 11.77%, respectively, p < .05) and cumulative food intake was decreased 43% by leptin (p < .05). Leptin and CNTF (5 mug) reduced adipose tissue mass in epididymal adipose (Epi) by 30 and 33.5%, (p < .05), in inguinal adipose (Ing) by 51 and 55% (p < .05), in retroperitoneal adipose (Rp) by 65 and 64% (p < .05), and in intrascapular brown adipose (iBAT) by 34 and 25% (p < .05), respectively. Gastrocnemius muscle was not affected. Leptin and CNTF (5 mug) increased apoptosis in Epi by 84 and 150%, respectively (p < .05) and in Rp by 121 and 146%, respectively (p < .05). Loss of adipocytes by apoptosis may provide an explanation for the unexpected delay in return to initial energy status following CNTF treatments.
Nutrition and diabetes risk; Prospective observational and interventional studies have been instrumental in identifying relationships between diet and diabetes. On the one hand, ahypercaloric diet contributes to weight gain, which is amajor risk factor for type2 diabetes. Results of randomized weight loss intervention trials, such as the Diabetes Prevention Program, show that lifestyle modification can significantly reduce the risk for people with prediabetes. In addition to the quantity of food, quality, i.e. composition, plays an independent and additional role. In cohort studies, relationships have been observed for both single nutrients (magnesium, cereal fiber, hemoglobin-bound iron) and individual foods (including whole grains, dairy, red and processed meat, nuts, coffee, tea and sweetened beverages). In addition, both cohort studies and the PREDIMED (PREDIMED: Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea) intervention study support arisk reduction by choosing aMediterranean diet. Although there are indications of modifications of such relationships due to different genetic predispositions, so far such gene-diet interactions could not be replicated in most cases. As aresult, there is still insufficient evidence to specify dietary recommendations based on adifferent genetic predisposition.
Drug-coated balloons for de novo lesions in small coronary arteries: rationale and design of BASKET-SMALL 2; The treatment of coronary small vessel disease (SVD) remains an unresolved issue. Drug-eluting stents (DES) have limited efficacy due to increased rates of instent-restenosis, mainly caused by late lumen loss. Drug-coated balloons (DCB) are a promising technique because native vessels remain structurally unchanged. Basel Stent Kosten-Effektivitats Trial: Drug-Coated Balloons vs. Drug-Eluting Stents in Small Vessel Interventions (BASKET-SMALL 2) is a multicenter, randomized, controlled, noninferiority trial of DCB vs DES in native SVD for clinical endpoints. Seven hundred fifty-eight patients with de novo lesions in vessels <3mm in diameter and an indication for percutaneous coronary intervention such as stable angina pectoris, silent ischemia, or acute coronary syndromes are randomized 1:1 to angioplasty with DCB vs implantation of a DES after successful initial balloon angioplasty. The primary endpoint is the combination of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and target-vessel revascularization up to 1year. Secondary endpoints include stent thrombosis, Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 3 to 5 bleeding, and long-term outcome up to 3years. Based on clinical endpoints after 1year, we plan to assess the noninferiority of DCB compared to DES in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention for SVD. Results will be available in the second half of 2018. This study will compare DCB and DES regarding long-term safety and efficacy for the treatment of SVD in a large all-comer population.
Effect of Probiotics in Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Simple Summary Probiotics possess potential to protect against breast cancer due to their immunomodulatory activity and their ability to impact the intestinal microbiota. Experimental studies have identified key probiotic microorganisms, but their clinical role in prevention of breast cancer and the efficacy of such supplements to control chemotherapy-induced side effects is less documented. A significant number of such intervention studies have recently been published, so we, therefore, conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all randomized clinical trials of probiotic use in breast cancer patients and survivors, including combination prebiotic use, to provide clarity regarding actions and role/benefit for preventive and palliative care. Probiotics may have the potential to protect against breast cancer, partly through systemic immunomodulatory action and active impact upon intestinal microbiota. Given a few clinical studies on their curative role, we conducted a systematic review of the potential effects of probiotics in breast cancer patients and survivors of breast cancer, aiming to support further clinical studies. A literature search was performed using PubMed, Embase, and the CENTRAL databases from inception through to March 2022. A total of eight randomized clinical trials were identified from thirteen articles published between 2004 and 2022. We evaluated quality-of-life measures, observed bacterial species and diversity indices, probiotic-related metabolites, inflammatory biomarkers, and other responses in breast cancer patients and survivors. Results were synthesized qualitatively and quantitatively using random-effects meta-analysis. Different probiotics supplements utilized included Lactobacillus species alone (Lacto), with or without estriol; probiotic combinations of Lactobacillus with Bifidobacterium (ProLB), with or without prebiotic fructooligosaccharides (FOS); ProLB plus Streptococcus and FOS (ProLBS + FOS); and ProLB plus Enterococcus (ProLBE). We found that use of ProLBS with FOS in breast cancer patients and use of ProLBE in survivors of breast cancer show potential benefits in countering obesity and dyslipidemia. ProLBS with FOS use decreases pro-inflammatory TNF-alpha in breast cancer survivors and improves quality of life in those with breast-cancer-associated lymphedema. Supplementing probiotics capsules (10(9) CFU) with a prebiotic and using an intake duration of 10 weeks could provide a better approach than probiotics alone.
<i>Cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 and <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 CLA Mixture does not Change Body Composition, Induces Insulin Resistance and Increases Serum HDL Cholesterol Level in Rats; Synthetic supplements of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) containing 50:50 mixture of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomers have been commercialized in some places for reducing body fat. However the safety of this CLA mixture is controversial and in some countries the CLA usage as food supplement is not authorized. Changes in insulinemic control and serum lipids profile are potential negative effects related to consumption of CLA mixture. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of a diet containing mixture of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA on prevention of obesity risk as well as on potential side effects such as insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in Wistar rats. Thirty male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to the following dietary treatments (n=10/group), for 60 days: Normolipidic Control (NC), diet containing 4.0% soybean oil (SO); High Fat-Control (HF-C), diet containing 24.0% SO; High Fat-synthetic CIA (HF-CLA), diet containing 1.5% of an isomeric CLA mixture (Luta-CLA 60) and 22.5% SO. Luta-CLA 60 (BASF) contained nearly 60% of CLA (cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA at 50:50 ratio). The HF-CLA diet contained 0.3% of each CLA isomer. HF-CLA diet had no effect on dietary intake and body composition. HF-CLA-fed rats had lower levels of PPAR gamma protein in retroperitoneal adipose tissue, hyperinsulinemia compared to HF-C-fed rats, hyperglycemia compared to NC-fed rats while no differences in glycemia were observed between NC and HF-C groups, increased HOMA index and higher levels of serum HDL cholesterol. Thus, feeding rats with a high fat diet containing equal parts of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomers had no effect on body composition and induced insulin resistance. Despite HF-CLA-fed rats had increased serum HDL cholesterol levels, caution should be taken before synthetic supplements containing cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA are recommended as a nutritional strategy for weight management.
The Effect of <i>Quercus coccifera L</i>. Extract on the Necrosis of Random-pattern Skin Flaps in Rats; Aim: Ischemia-reperfusion injury is an important cause of flap loss. We investigated effects of Quercus coccifera L. extract known to have anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory activity on skin flap viability.
Nutraceutical potential of mushroom bioactive metabolites and their food functionality; Numerous mushroom bioactive metabolites, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been studied in life-threatening conditions and diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity attempting to identify natural therapies. These bioactive metabolites have shown potential as antiviral and immune system strengthener natural agents through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, widely available, and inexpensive. In light of the emerging literature, this paper compiles the most recent information describing the molecular mechanisms that underlie the nutraceutical potentials of these mushroom metabolites suggesting their effectiveness if combined with existing drug therapies while discussing the food functionality of mushrooms. The findings raise hope that these mushroom bioactive metabolites may be utilized as natural therapies considering their therapeutic potential while anticipating further research designing clinical trials and developing new drug therapies while encouraging their consumption as a natural adjuvant in preventing and controlling life-threatening conditions and diseases. Practical applications Diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity are among the world's largest life-threatening conditions and diseases. Several mushroom bioactive compounds, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been found potential in tackling these diseases through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, suggesting their use as nutraceutical foods in preventing and controlling these life-threatening conditions and diseases.
A Systematic Review of the Evidence Supporting a Causal Link Between Dietary Factors and Coronary Heart Disease; Background: Although a wealth of literature links dietary factors and coronary heart disease (CHD), the strength of the evidence supporting valid associations has not been evaluated systematically in a single investigation.
Diverse changes in myelin protein expression in rat brain after perinatal methadone exposure; The national incidence of neonatal abstinence syndrome has dramatically increased over the last decade due to an increase in antenatal opioid exposure. Recent human and animal studies suggest that antenatal opioid exposure impacts the developing brain. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effects of perinatal methadone exposure on myelination in multiple regions in the developing rat brain. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned into three experimental groups and subsequently exposed to drinking water alone or drinking water containing methadone from 7 days post coitum through day 7 or through day 19 after delivery. Two male neonatal rats were randomly selected from each litter and terminated at day 19. The cerebral cortex, hippocampus, cerebellum, and brainstem were dissected and analyzed for three myelin specific proteins - CNP, PLP, and MBP - by Western blot analysis. All pups with exposure to methadone demonstrated decreased expression of CNP, PLP, and MBP in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus. In the cerebellum, PLP expression was down-regulated without apparent alteration of CNP and MBP expression. PLP and MBP expression, but not CNP expression, were significantly inhibited in the brainstem. Compared to the pups with postnatal methadone exposure via maternal milk through day 7, partial recovery of CNP and PLP expression only occurred in the cerebral cortices of the pups exposed through day 19. The findings show that antenatal opioid exposure in rat pups is associated with regionally-specific alterations in brain myelination that diversely affects myelin proteins.
The Causal Effect of Vitamin D Binding Protein (DBP) Levels on Calcemic and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Background: Observational studies have shown that vitamin D binding protein (DBP) levels, a key determinant of 25-hydroxy- vitamin D (25OHD) levels, and 25OHD levels themselves both associate with risk of disease. If 25OHD levels have a causal influence on disease, and DBP lies in this causal pathway, then DBP levels should likewise be causally associated with disease. We undertook a Mendelian randomization study to determine whether DBP levels have causal effects on common calcemic and cardiometabolic disease.
NECROTIZING ENTEROCOLITIS - A REVIEW OF PATHOGENETIC MECHANISMS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PREVENTION; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a devastating gastrointestinal disease of premature neonates that accounts for 3000 to 4000 deaths each year in the United States. The pathogenesis is not well understood, however theories suggest that prematurity, enteral feeding, bacterial colonization, and intestinal ischemia contribute to the intestinal injury. Furthermore, recent studies have shown that platelet activating factor and perhaps other inflammatory mediators mediate bowel necrosis in animals and possibly in humans. Although no specific intervention for NEC treatment exists, preventive therapy using either enteral IgA supplementation, breast milk feeding, antibiotic prophylaxis, or exogenous steroid administration have reduced the incidence of this overwhelming disease in small randomized trials. These modalities and perhaps PAF antagonists or other inflammatory mediator inhibitors may reduce the incidence or severity of NEC in the next several years.
The effect of dietary patterns on blood pressure control in hypertensive patients: Results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial; To determine the impact of dietary patterns on the control of hypertension we studied the subgroup of 133 participants with systolic blood pressure (BP) of 140 to 159 mm Hg and/or diastolic BP of 90 to 95 mm Hg enrolled in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study. Participants were fed a control diet for a 3-week period and were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks either the control diet; a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, but otherwise similar to control; or a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, including whole grains, fish, poultry, and nuts, and reduced in fats, red meats, sweets, and sugar-containing beverages. Sodium intake and body weight were held constant throughout the study. The combination diet significantly reduced systolic BP (-11.4 mm Hg, P < .001) and diastolic BP (-5.5 mm Hg, P < .001). The fruits-and-vegetables diet also significantly reduced systolic BP (-7.2 mm Hg, P < .001) and diastolic BP (-2.8 mm Hg, P = .013). The combination diet produced significantly greater BP effects (P < .05) than the fruits-and-vegetables diet. Blood pressure changes were evident within 2 weeks of starting the intervention feeding. After the 8-week intervention period, 70% of participants eating the combination diet had a normal BP (systolic BP < 140 and diastolic BP < 90 mm Hg) compared with 45% on the fruits-and-vegetables diet and 23% on the control diet. In patients with hypertension, the DASH combination diet effectively lowers BP and may be useful in achieving control of Stage 1 hypertension. Am J Hypertens 2000;13:949-955 (C) 2000 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Dietary Customs and Social Deprivation in an Aging Population From Southern Italy: A Machine Learning Approach; BackgroundDiet and social determinants influence the state of human health. In older adults, the presence of social, physical and psychological barriers increases the probability of deprivation. This study investigated the relationship between social deprivation and eating habits in non-institutionalized older adults from Southern Italy, and identified foods and dietary habits associated with social deprivation. MethodsWe recruited 1,002 subjects, mean age 74 years, from the large population based Salus in Apulia Study. In this cross-sectional study, eating habits and the level of deprivation were assessed with FFQ and DiPCare-Q, respectively. ResultsDeprived subjects (n = 441) included slightly more females, who were slightly older and with a lower level of education. They consumed less fish (23 vs. 26 g), fruiting vegetables (87 vs. 102 g), nuts (6 vs. 9 g) and less "ready to eat" dishes (29 vs. 33 g). A Random Forest (RF) model was used to identify a dietary pattern associated with social deprivation. This pattern included an increased consumption of low-fat dairy products and white meat, and a decreased consumption of wine, leafy vegetables, seafood/shellfish, processed meat, red meat, dairy products, and eggs. ConclusionThe present study showed that social factors also define diet and eating habits. Subjects with higher levels of deprivation consume cheaper and more readily available food.
Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and body weight; In animal studies, n-3 PUFA have been shown to influence body composition and to reduce the accumulation of body fat, thereby affecting body weight homeostasis. In addition, it has been suggested that an additional supply of n-3 PUFA during pregnancy or lactation, or both, would have a beneficial effect on birth weight and infant growth and development. The purpose of the present study was to systematically review interventional clinical trials on the effects of dietary n-3 PUFA supplementation on body weight in adult subjects and in infants whose mothers were supplemented with these fatty acids during pregnancy and/or lactation. A systematic search, focused on n-3 PUFA and body weight, and limited to controlled clinical trials, was performed in different databases. The quality of all included studies was assessed against set criteria, and results of eligible trials were compared. There were few studies targeting this topic. In adults, all of the five studies included, except for one, show no change in body weight by dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFA. Within those trials conducted in pregnant and/or lactating women in which a main outcome was birth weight or growth in infancy, two showed a modest increase in birth weight and the rest showed no effect. None of the trials showed an effect of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation on infant's weight at the short term. However, it should be noted that a number of limitations, including a variety of experimental designs, type and doses of n-3 PUFA, and high attrition rates, among others, make impossible to draw robust conclusions from this review.
Symptomatic myocardial bridge Should the patient be resigned to the symptoms?; Myocardial bridging (MB) is a congenital anomaly in which a segment of a coronary artery takes a "tunneled" intramuscular course under a bridge of overlying myocardium, and it can have different lengths, ranging from 4 mm to 80 mm.
Warning Labels Reduce Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Intake among College Students; Background: Health-related warning labels may reduce the intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs), but the effectiveness of such labels in real-world settings is not well established. Objectives: We investigated the influence of warning labels on SSB intake among college students at a large public Midwestern university. Methods: We conducted a quasi-experimental intervention study among 840 undergraduate students recruited from 3 dining halls on 1 university campus. One dining hall was selected as the intervention (I) site, whereas the other dining halls served as control (C) sites. In January 2019, warning labels were posted on SSB dispensers at the I site. All students reported their beverage intake using a modified beverage frequency questionnaire 2 mo before and 2 mo after the warning label implementation. Generalized linear models examined the influence of the warning labels on SSB consumption at the I site compared with the C sites, adjusting for students' sociodemographic characteristics. Results: In the sample, 68% were aged 17-18 y old at baseline, and 51% identified as female. From baseline to follow-up, there was a 19% decrease in SSB intake at the I site, compared with a 5% decrease at the C sites (P = 0.049 comparing I with C). This difference was driven by significant decreases in the intakes of fruit-flavored drinks, sweetened teas, and flavored milk at the I site compared with the C sites. Although not an SSB, 100% fruit juce consumption decreased 21% at the I site, compared with a 1% increase at the C sites (P = 0.01 comparing I with C). No significant differences were observed in the intakes of soda, energy drinks, sweetened coffees, and nonsugary drinks at the I site compared with the C sites. Conclusions: Warning labels were effective in reducing SSB intake among college students, particularly for fruit flavored drinks, sweetened teas, and flavored milk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT04435145. J Nutr 2021;151:179-185.
Genetic analysis of body condition score of lactating dutch Holstein and Red-and-White heifers; The aim of this study was to estimate phenotypic and genetic parameters for body condition scores (BCS) from the Dutch type classification system. Data included 108,809 Holstein (H) and 26,208 Red-and-White (R) heifers from 9701 herds that were scored once during lactation on a 1 to 9 scale (1 = emaciated and 9 = obese). Mean BCS for H and R data were 4.50 and 4.94, respectively. The BCS decreased as the percentage of Holstein genes increased. For both breeds, BCS after calving was about 5.6 and BCS was lowest around wk 11. For H heifers, mean BCS at drying off was about 0.8 lower than BCS at calving, whereas for R heifers BCS was at about the same level as at calving. Variance components were estimated using an animal model including the effects of herd x visit, classifier, age at calving, DIM, and genetic group. The random herd x visit effect explained about 10 to 15% of the phenotypic variation. Heritabilities ranged from 0.24 to 0.38, depending on breed and lactation period. Genetic correlations between BCS observations in bimonthly lactation periods were close to unity, especially for H. It was concluded that BCS data collected by type classifiers can well be used for genetic evaluation and that genetic variation between animals for BCS-change patterns is a small component of the overall variation in BCS.
Child Care Sites Participating in the Federal <i>Child and Adult Care Food Program</i> Provide More Nutritious Foods and Beverages; Objective: To compare food/beverage provisions between child care sites participating and not participating in the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). Design: Cross-sectional survey administered in 2016. Setting: Licensed child care centers and homes. Participants: Child care providers (n = 2,400) randomly selected from California databases (30% responded). Re- spondents (n = 680) were primarily site directors (89%) at child care centers (83%) participating in CACFP (70%). Main Outcome Measures: Meals/snacks served, and food/beverage provisions provided to children of age 1 -5 years on the day before the survey. Analysis: Odds ratios unadjusted and adjusted for the number of meals/snacks using logistic regression. Results: Compared with CACFP sites, non-CACFP sites provided fewer meals/snacks; had lower odds of pro- viding vegetables, meats/poultry/fish, eggs, whole grains, and milk; and had higher odds of providing candy, salty snacks, and sugary drinks. After adjusting for the number of meals/snacks, differences were attenuated but remained significant for meats/poultry/fish, milk, candy, salty snacks (centers only), and sugary drinks. Differen- ces emerged in favor of CACFP for flavored/sugar-added yogurt, sweet cereals, frozen treats, and white grains. Conclusions and Implications: Child care sites participating in CACFP are more likely to provide nutri- tious foods/beverages compared with non-CACFP sites. Child care sites are encouraged to participate in or follow CACFP program guidelines.
Salivary ghrelin response to drinks varying in protein content and quantity and association with energy intake and appetite.; Salivary hormone analysis is a non-invasive alternative to blood-borne hormone analysis. The orexigenic hormone ghrelin has been detected in human saliva, though the relationship between salivary and blood-borne ghrelin and salivary ghrelin's association with energy intake (EI) and appetite remains unclear. The primary aim of this study was to compare salivary and plasma ghrelin responses to dairy breakfast drinks varying in protein content and quantity, and to determine the relationship between salivary ghrelin and EI and appetite. Participants (n = 25) consumed four test drinks, varying in protein content and quantity, on four separate days in a double-blind randomized controlled study. Salivary and plasma total ghrelin were measured at 0, 30, 60 and 120 min and appetite perceptions at 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min. A buffet-style test meal was presented at 120 min to measure ad libitum EI. There was no correlation between the sample means for fasted salivary and plasma ghrelin (r = 0.099, p = 0.637). Furthermore, there was no within-participant association between fasted salivary and plasma ghrelin (r = -0.041, p = 0.725). Mean bias between fasted salivary and plasma ghrelin was -448 pg/ ml (95% confidence intervals (CI) = -623 - -273 pg/ml) and upper and lower limits of agreement (LOA) were 427 pg/ml and -1324 pg/ml, respectively. Variation in postprandial levels of salivary and plasma ghrelin withinparticipants were not associated (r = -0.004, p = 0.943). There was no significant association between EI and salivary (r = 0.003, p = 0.979) or plasma (r = -0.080, p = 0.492) ghrelin. Salivary ghrelin was not significantly correlated with composite appetite score (r = 0.023; p = 0.654), though plasma ghrelin was (r = 0.225, p < 0.001). Mean bias between postprandial salivary and plasma ghrelin was -210 pg/ml (95% CI = -380 - -40 pg/ ml) and upper and lower LOA were 641 pg/ml and -1061 pg/ml, respectively. These findings suggest that salivary and plasma ghrelin responses to drinks varying in protein content and quantity are unrelated and that salivary ghrelin is not associated with EI or appetite perceptions in healthy non-obese adults. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrial.gov (NCT01597024).
Administration of phytosterols isolated from Aloe vera gel reduce visceral fat mass and improve hyperglycemia in Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats; We examined the effects of lophenol (Lo) and cycloartanol (Cy), minor phytosterols of Aloe vera get, in obese animal model of type II diabetes, Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats. Mate ZDF rats were administered Lo and Cy at 25 mu g/(kg day) daily for 44 days. Consecutive treatment of phytosterols suppressed the hyperglycemia, and random blood glucose Levels after 35 days of treatment were 39.6 and 37.2% tower than the control, in Lo and Cy treatment groups, respectively. Consistent with the random blood glucose Level, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values of phytosterols treated rats were also lower than the control (Lo: 5.5 +/- 0.8, Cy: 4.6 +/- 0.7 vs. control: 7.2 +/- 1.5). In the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) after 28 days of administration, the glucose intolerance was improved in phytosterols treatment groups. Additionally, the continuous administration of Lo and Cy also reduced the serum free fatty acid (FFA) and triglyceride (TG) levels except total cholesterol (T-Cho). Furthermore, the weights of total abdominal fat tissues were significantly lower than the control in ZDF rats with Lo (27.7%) and Cy (26.3%) treatment. These observations suggest that Aloe vera-derived phytosterols could reduce visceral. fat accumulation, and would be useful for the improvement of hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia. (C) 2008 Asian Oceanian Association for the Study of Obesity. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF MASSAGE ON MUSCULAR STRENGTH AND PROPRIOCEPTION AFTER EXERCISE-INDUCED MUSCLE DAMAGE; Shin, M-S and Sung, Y-H. Effects of massage on muscular strength and proprioception after exercise-induced muscle damage. J Strength Cond Res 29(8): 2255-2260, 2015Exercise-induced muscle damage (EIMD), which is commonly associated with eccentric exercise, unaccustomed exercise, and resistance training, may lead to delayed onset muscle soreness, swelling, decreased muscle strength, and range of motion. Many researchers have evaluated various interventions to treat the signs and symptoms of EIMD. However, the effects of massage after EIMD are unclear. Here, we investigated the effect of massage on muscle strength and proprioception after EIMD. All subjects randomly were divided into an EIMD-treated control group (n = 10) and a massage-treated after EIMD experimental group (n = 11). Exercise-induced muscle damage was induced by repeated exercise. Massage treatment was provided by physiotherapist for 15 minutes. It consists of light stroking, milking, friction, and skin rolling. Lactate was evaluated by Lactate Pro analyzer in pre- and postexercise. Surface electromyography (muscle activity) and sonography (muscle thickness) were used to confirm the muscular characteristics. Proprioception was investigated by dual inclinometer. As a result, massage treatment on the gastrocnemius after EIMD increased activation of the medial gastrocnemius during contraction (p 0.05). In the lateral and medial gastrocnemius, the (s), which is the angle between muscle fibers and superficial aponeurosis, showed a significant change (p 0.05). However, there are no differences in the (d), which is the angle between muscle fibers and deep aponeurosis. We also found that proprioceptive acuity in the ankle joint was significantly greater in the massage-treated experimental group compared with that in the control group (p 0.05). These findings suggest that massage of the gastrocnemius after EIMD can improve muscle strength and proprioception by influencing the superficial layer of the gastrocnemius.
Is replacing red meat with other protein sources associated with lower risks of coronary heart disease and all-cause mortality? A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Context A high amount of red meat consumption has been associated with higher risks of coronary heart disease (CHD) and all-cause mortality in a single food-exposure model. However, this model may overlook the potentially differential influence of red meat on these outcomes depending on the foods replaced by red meat. Objective A PRISMA-compliant meta-analysis of prospective observational studies was performed to quantify the risks of CHD and all-cause mortality associated with the replacement of total, unprocessed, or processed red meat with fish/seafood, poultry, dairy, eggs, nuts, and legumes. Data sources The PubMed and Web of Science databases were searched to identify relevant articles published in any language from database inception to October 30, 2021. Data extraction The prospective observational studies were considered relevant if they reported relative risks (RRs) and 95%CIs for the associations of interest. Data analysis Thirteen articles were included. A random-effects model was used to estimate the summary RRs and 95%CIs for the associations of interest. Replacing total red meat with poultry (RR, 0.88, 95%CI, 0.82-0.96; I-2 = 0%), dairy (RR, 0.90, 95%CI, 0.88-0.92; I-2 = 0%), eggs (RR, 0.86, 95%CI, 0.79-0.94; I-2 = 7.1%), nuts (RR, 0.84, 95%CI, 0.74-0.95; I-2 = 66.8%), or legumes (RR, 0.84, 95%CI, 0.74-0.95; I-2 = 7.3%) was associated with a lower risk of CHD, whereas substituting fish/seafood (RR, 0.91, 95%CI, 0.79-1.04; I-2 = 69.5%) for total red meat was not associated with the risk of CHD. The replacement of total red meat with fish/seafood (RR, 0.92, 95%CI, 0.89-0.96; I-2 = 86.9%), poultry (RR, 0.92, 95%CI, 0.90-0.95; I-2 = 61.6%), eggs (RR, 0.91, 95%CI, 0.87-0.95; I-2 = 33.8%), or nuts (RR, 0.92, 95%CI, 0.87-0.97; I-2 = 81.9%) was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality, whereas the substitution of dairy (RR, 0.97, 95%CI, 0.93-1.01; I-2 = 33.9%) or legumes (RR, 0.97, 95%CI, 0.93-1.01; I-2 = 53.5%) for total red meat was not associated with the risk of all-cause mortality. Lower risks of CHD and all-cause mortality were more consistently observed for processed red meat replacements than for unprocessed red meat replacements. The results did not materially change when the analyses of total, processed, and unprocessed red meat were restricted to the studies that used a uniform substitution amount per unit of 1 serving/d. Conclusion Keeping red meat, particularly processed red meat, consumption to a minimum along with increasing healthier alternative protein sources to replace red meat in the diet may contribute to the prevention of CHD and premature death. Systematic review registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42021259446.
EFFICACY OF METOPROLOL AND DILTIAZEM IN TREATING SILENT-MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA; Recent studies strongly support the prognostic importance of transient silent ischemia. Because patients with silent ischemia are at higher risk of a cardiac event, they are likely to benefit not only from control of symptoms, but also from treatment directed at prevention of ischemia. The efficacy of controlled-release metoprolol 200 mg once dairy and diltiazem 60 mg 4 times daily was assessed in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study in 32 patients with proven coronary artery disease, predominantly asymptomatic myocardial ischemia, positive bicycle exercise test results, and greater than or equal to 5 minutes of asymptomatic ST-segment depression on a 24-hour screening ambulatory electrocardiogram (ECG). At the beginning and at the end of both 3-week treatment periods, an exercise test was performed and 72-hour ambulatory ECG was recorded. Both active treatment periods were preceded by a 2-week placebo phase. Both treatments effectively reduced and postponed exercise-induced ST depression and reduced the total ischemic integral on the ambulatory ECG. Only metoprolol significantly reduced the mean number of ischemic episodes (54%, p = 0.0003, vs 31% for diltiazem, p = NS) and the mean duration of ischemia (51%, p = 0.012, vs 27% for diltiazem, p NS) compared with baseline values. Metoprolol strongly blunted the morning and afternoon peak in the circadian distribution of ischemia, whereas diltiazem did not change the circadian distribution of ischemia at all.
Plasma lathosterol measures rates of cholesterol synthesis and efficiency of dietary phytosterols in reducing the plasma cholesterol concentration; Objectives: Because the plasma campesterol/cholesterol ratio does not differ between groups that absorb different amounts of cholesterol, the authors investigated whether the plasma Phytosterols (PS) relate to the body's cholesterol synthesis rate measured as non-cholesterol sterol precursors (lathosterol). Method: The authors studied 38 non-obese volunteers (58 +/- 12 years; Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol - LDLC >= 130 mg/dL) randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk (Control phase) or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/ day) for four weeks in a double-blind, cross-over study. PS and lathosterol were measured in plasma by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrophotometry. Results: PS treatment reduced plasma total cholesterol concentration (-5.5%, p < 0.001), LDL-C (-7.6%, p < 0.001), triglycerides (-13.6%, p < 0.0085), and apolipoprotein B (apo B) (-6.3%, p < 0.008), without changing high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C concentration), but plasma lathosterol, campesterol and sitosterol expressed per plasma cholesterol increased. Conclusions: The lathosterol-to-cholesterol plasma ratio predicted the plasma cholesterol response to PS feeding. The highest plasma lathosterol concentration during the control phase was associated with a lack of response of plasma cholesterol during the PS treatment period. Consequently, cholesterol synthesis in non-responders to dietary PS being elevated in the control phase indicates these cases resist to further synthesis rise, whereas responders to dietary PS, having in the control phase synthesis values lower than non-responders, expand synthesis on alimentary PS. Responders absorb more PS than non-responders, likely resulting from responders delivering into the intestinal lumen less endogenous cholesterol than non-responders do, thus facilitating greater intestinal absorption of PS shown as increased plasma PS concentration.
Vitamin D Intake and the Risk of Colorectal Cancer: An Updated Meta-Analysis and Systematic Review of Case-Control and Prospective Cohort Studies; Simple Summary
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile and inflammation markers in metabolic syndrome - a randomized study (SYSDIET); Background Different healthy food patterns may modify cardiometabolic risk. We investigated the effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, blood pressure and inflammatory markers in people with metabolic syndrome. Methods We conducted a randomized dietary study lasting for 18-24weeks in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome (mean age 55years, BMI 31.6kgm-2, 67% women). Altogether 309 individuals were screened, 200 started the intervention after 4-week run-in period, and 96 (proportion of dropouts 7.9%) and 70 individuals (dropouts 27%) completed the study, in the Healthy diet and Control diet groups, respectively. Healthy diet included whole-grain products, berries, fruits and vegetables, rapeseed oil, three fish meals per week and low-fat dairy products. An average Nordic diet served as a Control diet. Compliance was monitored by repeated 4-day food diaries and fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids. Results Body weight remained stable, and no significant changes were observed in insulin sensitivity or blood pressure. Significant changes between the groups were found in non-HDL cholesterol (-0.18, mmolL-1 95% CI -0.35; -0.01, P=0.04), LDL to HDL cholesterol (-0.15, -0.28; -0.00, P=0.046) and apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A1 ratios (-0.04, -0.07; -0.00, P=0.025) favouring the Healthy diet. IL-1 Ra increased during the Control diet (difference -84, -133; -37ngL-1, P= 0.00053). Intakes of saturated fats (E%, beta estimate 4.28, 0.02; 8.53, P=0.049) and magnesium (mg, -0.23, -0.41; -0.05, P=0.012) were associated with IL-1 Ra. Conclusions Healthy Nordic diet improved lipid profile and had a beneficial effect on low-grade inflammation.
BMI modifies the effect of dietary fat on atherogenic lipids: a randomized clinical trial; Background: SFA intake increases LDL cholesterol whereas PUFA intake lowers it. Whether the lipid response to dietary fat differs between normal-weight and obese persons is of relevance to dietary recommendations for obese populations.
Beyond Meatless, the Health Effects of Vegan Diets: Findings from the Adventist Cohorts; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations.
Vitamin D and cardiovascular diseases: where do we stand in 2012?; Evidence is accumulating that vitamin D may play a role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases. Vitamin D receptors (VDR) and enzymes of vitamin D metabolism are expressed in the vascular system and in the heart. VDR knockout mice suffer from cardiovascular disease (CVD) and selective inactivation of the VDR causes myocardial hypertrophy in cardiac myocytes. Many, but not all, observational studies have shown that vitamin D deficiency is associated with CVD and its risk factors. A low concentration of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25 [OH] D) is an independent risk factor for CVD, stroke and sudden cardiac death. There are very few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular endpoints, and conclusions can hardly be drawn as in some trials calcium has also been supplemented, which may increase the risk for CVD. Studies in which only vitamin D was given have indicated positive effects on cardiovascular risk factors, such as arterial hypertension. A number of larger studies of the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular events and mortality have been undertaken. The design of these studies, however, may be problematic because, for example, individuals with high 25 (OH) D concentration also qualify for inclusion. The current body of evidence is not sufficient to recommend vitamin D supplementation for the prevention and treatment of CVD in general. Prevention and treatment of vitamin D deficiency, however, are both justified by the effects of vitamin D on the musculoskeletal system.
A Meta-Analysis of 46 Studies Identified by the FDA Demonstrates that Soy Protein Decreases Circulating LDL and Total Cholesterol Concentrations in Adults; Background: Certain plant foods (nuts and soy protein) and food components (viscous fibers and plant sterols) have been permitted by the FDA to carry a heart health claim based on their cholesterol-lowering ability. The FDA is currently considering revoking the heart health claim for soy protein due to a perceived lack of consistent LDL cholesterol reduction in randomized controlled trials.
Effect of Fructose on Glycemic Control in Diabetes A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials; OBJECTIVE-The effect of fructose on cardiometabolic risk in humans is controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials to clarify the effect of fructose on glycemic control in individuals with diabetes.
Association between alterations in plasma metabolome profiles and laminitis in intensively finished Holstein bulls in a randomized controlled study; Metabolic consequences of an energy and protein rich diet can compromise metabolic health of cattle by promoting a pro-inflammatory phenotype. Laminitis is a common clinical sign, but affected metabolic pathways, underlying pathophysiology and causative relationships of a systemic pro-inflammatory phenotype are unclear. Therefore, the aim of this study was to elucidate changes in metabolome profiles of 20 months old Holstein bulls fed a high energy and protein diet and to identify novel metabolites and affected pathways, associated with diet-related laminitis. In a randomized controlled feeding trial using bulls fed a high energy and protein diet (HEP; metabolizable energy [ME] intake 169.0 +/- 1.4 MJ/day; crude protein [CP] intake 2.3 +/- 0.02 kg/day; calculated means +/- SEM; n=15) versus a low energy and protein diet (LEP; ME intake 92.9 +/- 1.3 MJ/day; CP intake 1.0 +/- 0.01 kg/day; n=15), wide ranging effects of HEP diet on metabolism were demonstrated with a targeted metabolomics approach using the AbsoluteIDQ p180 kit (Biocrates Life Sciences). Multivariate statistics revealed that lower concentrations of phosphatidylcholines and sphingomyelins and higher concentrations of lyso-phosphatidylcholines, branched chain amino acids and aromatic amino acids were associated with an inflammatory state of diet-related laminitis in Holstein bulls fed a HEP diet. The latter two metabolites share similarities with changes in metabolism of obese humans, indicating a conserved pathophysiological role. The observed alterations in the metabolome provide further explanation on the underlying metabolic consequences of excessive dietary nutrient intake.
Epidemiological survey of self-reported food allergy among university students in China; The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence of self-reported food allergy among university students in China. A cluster-random sampling population-based cross-sectional study using self - administrated questionnaire was conducted with 2538 college students recruited from 6 universities in China. The questionnaire included data on age, sex, weight, height, FA, comorbid allergic diseases, family history, and understanding food allergy. Data were analyzed by SPSS 25.0 statistical software. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to analyze the risk factors related to self-reported food allergy and estimate the odds ratio. A total of 2538 questionnaires were distributed to the undergraduate students and 2313 completely effective questionnaires were collected, the effective response rate was 91.1%. 834 males and 1479 females were recruited, and their age ranged from 18 to 25 years old. The prevalence of self-reported food allergy was 15.7%, and the rate of doctor-diagnosed food allergy was 8.4%. The leading food allergens included shrimp, shellfish, milk, egg, peach, mango, beef, and peanut, and the prevalence of shrimp allergy was the highest (5.8%). The main clinical manifestation included skin mucous membrane and respiratory symptoms. The prevalence of food allergy were statistically significant difference (P < .05) between different age groups, family history, sun exposure times, smoking, and antibiotic use. Over 45% college students know little about food allergy. The prevalence of self-reported food allergy among Chinese college students was high (15.7%). Shrimp was the main allergenic food, followed by shellfish, milk, egg, peach, and mango. Family history, sun exposure, obesity, and using antibiotics may be the influencing factors of food allergy. The Chinese undergraduates lacked the knowledge about food allergy. Thus, it is necessary to strengthen the health education program on food allergy for college students in China and other middle high-income nations.
Immunohistochemical determination of somatostatin release in gastric tissue of rats fed with a high-fat and cholesterol diet; This study aimed to investigate the effects of a high-fat and cholesterol diet (HFCD) on rats' gastric mucosa. In the study, a total of 16 (40-day-old Sprague Dawley) male rats were used and randomly divided into two groups (each consisted of eight rats). The rats in control group had no implementations other than normal feeding. For 10 weeks, rats in a high-fat with cholesterol diet group had daily energy amounts provided by pellet feed mixed with 65.00% butter and 2.00% cholesterol. Before beginning the study and at the end, rats live weight was recorded and their blood samples were taken for biochemical analyses. Hematoxylin and Eosin and Crossman's triple staining techniques were used to investigate the general structure of gastric tissue. The rats fed with HFCD had statistically significant increases in live weight and total cholesterol values, and were identified to have gastric tissue degeneration. The rats' gastric tissue in control group had more intense somatostatin (SST) immunoreactivity in parietal and chief cells than the HFCD group. It was determined that feeding with the HFCD has a negative effect on SST secretion in rats and hence, this may have important areas of use such as in gastric cancer treatment and preventing complications linked to gastric diseases. & COPY; 2023 Urmia University. All rights reserved.
Food habits, socioeconomic status and body mass index among premenopausal and post-menopausal women in Mauritius; Background Although many health disparities arise as a result of socioeconomic inequalities, less is known about the diet quality of women after menopause. The present study aimed to determine the factors affecting food habits and body mass index (BMI) among premenopausal and post-menopausal Mauritian working women. Methods The study was conducted as a cross-sectional survey in different workplaces located in the nine districts of Mauritius. Mauritian women (n=400; 215 premenopausal, 185 post-menopausal) were recruited using stratified random sampling. Participants completed a self-reported questionnaire comprising a food frequency questionnaire previously constructed and used to address dietary guidelines that assess the intake of vegetables, fruits, dairy products, cereals, high- and low-fat protein sources, fats and sweetened beverages, as well as questions aiming to elicit socioeconomic profile, menopausal status, physical activity level and demographic data. Height, weight, waist and hip circumferences were measured. An independent sample t-test, chi-squared test and one-way analysis of variance were used for the statistical analyses. Results The mean dietary guideline score was significantly higher for post-menopausal than premenopausal women, (P=0.017). Each socioeconomic status (SES) category of post-menopausal women also demonstrated a higher dietary guideline score than that of premenopausal women (0.05). A high BMI was significantly associated with a low SES of participants (P=0.042) and post-menopausal stage (P=0.001). Conclusions Low SES and post-menopausal stage are risk factors for obesity among female workers in Mauritius. Although post-menopausal women ate a better diet, their mean BMI was higher than that of premenopausal women.
Changes in Liking for Sweet and Fatty Foods Following Weight Loss in Women are Related to PROP Phenotype but not to Diet; Objective: Changes in perceived intensity and liking of tasted foods have not been studied during weight loss from dieting. These outcomes were examined during a 6-month lifestyle intervention in women who had been classified by sensitivity to the bitter taste marker, 6-n-propylthiouracil (PROP), and then randomized to a low-fat or low-carbohydrate diet.
Development of a lactic acid bacteria strain that suppresses chronic inflammation and improves glucose and lipid metabolism; Chronic inflammation caused by aging, obesity, and lifestyle disturbances can lead to the production of inflammatory cytokines and insulin resistance, reducing glucose and lipid metabolism. Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) have various bioactivities, and certain types of LAB have been reported to exhibit anti-inflammatory effects. We hypothesized that LAB strains, which can strongly induce the production of anti-inflammatory cytokines by immune cells in the intestinal tract, may improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation. We selected Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) from the LAB library owned by Meiji Co., Ltd. based on its ability to induce the production of interleukin-10 (IL-10), optimized the culture conditions of OLL2712 for industrial applications, and verified the efficacy of the strain in animal and clinical studies. The results showed that OLL2712 bacterial cells in the exponential phase had notably higher anti-inflammatory properties than the cells in the stationary phase and led to the inhibition of chronic inflammation and improvement of glucose and lipid metabolism in animal studies. Two randomized controlled trials consisting of healthy adults with elevated blood glucose levels or body mass indices (BMIs) also showed that the intake of OLL2712 suppressed the aggravation of chronic inflammation and improved glucose and lipid metabolism. This review identified a novel LAB strain that may contribute to diabetes and obesity prevention and demonstrated its clinical efficacy. In addition, the mechanism of action of this LAB strain through the intestinal immune system was partially elucidated, and the importance of optimizing the culture conditions of LAB was clarified.
Effect of Conjugated Linoleic Acid as a Supplement or Enrichment in Foods on Blood Glucose and Waist Circumference in Humans: A Meta-analysis; Background: Controversy persists regarding the effect of mixtures of conjugated linoleic acids (c9, t11-and t10, c12-CLA) in fasting blood glucose (FBG) and waist circumference (WC) in humans.
The Effects of Fructose Intake on Serum Uric Acid Vary among Controlled Dietary Trials; Hyperuricemia is linked to gout and features of metabolic syndrome. There is concern that dietary fructose may increase uric acid concentrations. To assess the effects of fructose on serum uric acid concentrations in people with and without diabetes, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library for relevant trials (through August 19, 2011). Analyses included all controlled feeding trials >= 7 d investigating the effect of fructose feeding on uric acid under isocaloric conditions, where fructose was isocalorically exchanged with other carbohydrate, or hypercaloric conditions, and where a control diet was supplemented with excess energy from fructose. Data were aggregated by the generic inverse variance method using random effects models and expressed as mean difference (MD) with 95% Cl. Heterogeneity was assessed by the 0 statistic and quantified by I-2. A total of 21 trials in 425 participants met the eligibility criteria. Isocaloric exchange of fructose for other carbohydrate did not affect serum uric acid in diabetic and nondiabetic participants [MD = 0.56 mu mol/L (95% Cl: -6.62, 7.74)], with no evidence of inter-study heterogeneity. Hypercaloric supplementation of control diets with fructose (+35% excess energy) at extreme doses (213-219 g/d) significantly increased serum uric acid compared with the control diets alone in nondiabetic participants [MD = 31.0 mmol/L (95% Cl: 15.4, 46.5)] with no evidence of heterogeneity. Confounding from excess energy cannot be ruled out in the hypercaloric trials. These analyses do not support a uric acid-increasing effect of isocaloric fructose intake in nondiabetic and diabetic participants. Hypercaloric fructose intake may, however, increase uric acid concentrations. The effect of the interaction of energy and fructose remains unclear. Larger, well-designed trials of fructose feeding at "real world" doses are needed. J. Nutr. 142: 916-923, 2012.
Effects of tryptophan, serotonin, and kynurenine on ischemic heart diseases and its risk factors: a Mendelian Randomization study; Background/objectives Tryptophan is an essential amino acid that must be obtained from dietary items, such as dairy products, eggs, nuts, legumes, and grains, which are rich in tryptophan. It has also been suggested as a dietary supplement to improve mental health. Observationally plasma tryptophan is inversely associated with ischemic heart disease (IHD), however, its main metabolites, serotonin, and kynurenine are positively associated with IHD, which makes the effects of tryptophan difficult to infer. This study aimed to obtain less-confounded estimates of the associations of tryptophan and physiologically related factors (serotonin and kynurenine) with IHD, its risk factors and depression. Subjects/methods We used a two-sample Mendelian Randomization study design. We used genetic instruments independently associated with tryptophan, serotonin, and kynurenine metabolites applied to a meta-analysis of the UK Biobank SOFT CAD study with the CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium (cases n <= 76,014 and controls n <= 264,785), and other consortia for risk factors including diabetes, lipids, and blood pressure, as well as for depression. We combined genetic variant-specific estimates using inverse variance weighting, with MR-Egger, the weighted median and MR-PRESSO as sensitivity analyses. Results Tryptophan and serotonin were not associated with IHD. Kynurenine was nominally and positively associated with IHD (odds ratio 1.57 per standard deviation, 95% confidence interval 1.05-2.33) but not after correction for multiple comparisons. Associations with IHD risk factors and depression were null. Conclusions We cannot exclude the possibility that one of the main metabolites of tryptophan, kynurenine, might be positively associated with IHD. Further studies are needed to confirm any association and underlying mechanism.
Daily intake of yogurt drink fortified either with vitamin D alone or in combination with added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase of resting metabolic rate in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial; We investigated the effect of daily intake of yogurt drink fortified with either vitamin D alone or with added calcium on resting metabolic rate (RMR), thyroid hormones and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). A total of 75 adult subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to 1 of the 3 groups to receive either D-fortified yogurt drink (DY; 1000 IU vitamin D/day), Ca-D-fortified yogurt drink (CDY; 1000 IU vitamin D plus 500 mg calcium), or plain yogurt drink for 12 weeks. All assessments were done at the baseline and after the intervention. The concentrations of anti-thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti-TPO-Ab), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) had declined significantly compared with baseline values only in the CDY group. The mean RMR increased in both DY and CDY groups (p < 0.001 for both). Also, changes of serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycalciferol (B = 2.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.3 to 4.6, p = 0.001) and iPTH (B = -2.41, 95% CI = -4.5 to -0.31, p = 0.025) remained significant predictors of RMR changes even after adjustment for changes of serum concentrations of TSH (B = -18.2, 95% CI = -61.7 to 25.2, p = 0.406). Daily intake of vitamin D together with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti-TPO-Ab and TSH. Also, vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a significant thyroid-independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D. Registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891.
Soya protein does not affect glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes; Evidence from observational, animal and human studies supports a role for soya protein and its isoflavones in the improvement of glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes. The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of isoflavone-rich soya protein on markers of glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. Using a randomised, crossover, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n 29) consumed soya protein isolate (SPI) and milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57d each separated by a 4-week washout. Blood was collected on days 1 and 57 of each treatment period for analysis of fasting HbA1C, and fasting and postprandial glucose, insulin and calculated indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. Urine samples of 24h were collected at the end of each treatment period for analysis of isoflavones. Urinary isoflavone excretion was significantly greater following consumption of SPI compared with MPI, and 20.7% of the subjects (n 6) were classified as equol excretors. SPI consumption did not significantly affect fasting or postprandial glucose or insulin, fasting MAW, or indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. These data do not support a role for soya protein in the improvement of glycaemic control in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes and contribute to a limited literature of human studies on the effects of soya protein on the management of type 2 diabetes.
Supplementation of palmitoleic acid improved piglet growth and reduced body temperature drop upon cold exposure; Piglet survival is a major challenge in the first few days postpartum and interventions during this period may improve survival and growth. This study investigated the effects of palmitoleic acid (C16:1n-7; PA) supplementation on growth performance, body temperature, fatty acid (FA), and energy metabolism in milk-replacer-fed piglets. Forty-eight piglets were stratified by body weight and randomly assigned to one of four dietary treatments (0%, 1%, 2%, and 3% PA supplementation as a percent of milk replacer) and given the diet through an orogastric tube. They were fed dietary treatments every 2 h for 4 d in the first week postpartum and all were sacrificed at the end of the experiment. The piglets were weighed daily, and half in each dietary treatment group, the same piglets each day, were exposed daily to a lower temperature for 2 h. Plasma samples were collected immediately before sacrifice for analyses of FA and other plasma metabolites. The weight of organs and empty body weight were determined after sacrifice. Liver and semimembranosus muscle tissue samples were collected and analyzed for FA content. Contents of C16:1n-7 and C18:1n-7 in both plasma and liver (P < 0.001), and C16:1n-7 in semimembranosus muscle (P < 0.001) increased linearly as PA supplementation increased. Most plasma FA levels (except C16:1n-7, C16:1n-9, and C22:5n-3) were lower in piglets exposed to lower temperatures than those that were not. Plasma glucose, triglycerides, and lactate dehydrogenase levels increased linearly with PA supplementation (P < 0.001). Piglets' average daily gain, liver glycogen pool, liver weight, and gallbladder weight increased linearly (P < 0.05, P < 0.01, P < 0.05, and P < 0.001, respectively), but lung weight, liver nitrogen content, and body temperature drop decreased linearly (P < 0.01, P < 0.001, and P < 0.05, respectively) with PA supplementation. Piglets exposed to low temperature had greater liver nitrogen (P < 0.05) and lactate dehydrogenase (P < 0.001) contents but had lower liver weight (P < 0.01) and plasma lactate concentration (P < 0.05) than those that were not. In conclusion, this study demonstrated the importance of PA on the growth performance of the piglets by increasing their average daily gain and decreasing a drop in body temperature upon cold exposure, most likely due to a modified energy metabolism.
Effects of dietary fat quality and quantity on postprandial activation of blood coagulation factor VII; Acute elevation of the coagulant activity of blood coagulation factor VII (FVIIc) is observed after consumption of high-fat meals. This elevation is caused by an increase in the concentration of activated FVII (FVIIa). In a randomized crossover study, we investigated whether saturated, monounsaturated, or polyunsaturated fats differed regarding postprandial activation of FVII. Eighteen healthy young men participated in the study. On 6 separate days each participant consumed two meals (times, 0 and 1 3/4 hours) enriched with 70 g (15 and 55 g) of either rapeseed oil, olive oil, sunflower oil, palm oil, or butter (42% of energy from fat) or isoenergetic low-fat meals (6% of energy from fat). Easting and series of nonfasting blood samples (the last at time 8 1/2 hours) were collected. Plasma triglycerides, FVIIc, FVIIa, and free fatty acids were analyzed. There were marked effects of the fat quantity on postprandial responses of plasma triglycerides, FVII, and free fatty acids. The high-fat meals caused, in contrast to the low-fat meals, considerable increases in plasma triglycerides. Plasma levels of FVIIc and FVIIa peaks were 7% and 60% higher after consumption of high-fat meals than after consumption of low-fat meals. The five different fat qualities caused similar postprandial increases in plasma triglycerides, FVIIc, and FVIIa. These findings indicate that high-fat meals may be prothrombotic, irrespective of their fatty acid composition. The postprandial FVII activation was not associated with the plasma triglyceride or free fatty acid responses.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet retains effectiveness to reduce blood pressure when lean pork is substituted for chicken and fish as the predominant source of protein; Background: Hypertension is a major, modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and kidney disease and premature mortality that is improved by the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet. The DASH diet emphasizes increased consumption of fruit and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy, nuts, and poultry and fish and reduced intakes of fats, red meats (including pork), sodium, and added sugars.
Influence of high-fat diet on host animal health via bile acid metabolism and benefits of oral-fed <i>Streptococcus thermophilus</i> MN-ZLW-002; In this study, C57BL/6J male mice were fed normal chow (NC; control) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 12 weeks, and HFD mice were supplemented with oral administration of Streptococcus thermophilus MN-ZLW-002 (HFD + MN002); n=20/group. Body weight, visceral fat, blood glucose, blood lipids and liver lipid deposition increased in the HFD group, and the composition of gut microbiota, cecum short-chain fatty acids and fecal bile acids (BAs) also changed. Oral-fed MN-002 increased the relative abundances of Ruminococcaceae, Lachnospiraceae and Streptococcaceae and improved blood glucose, liver cholesterol deposition, and serum IL-10, CCL-3 and the fecal BAs composition. In conclusion, the high-fat diet changed the composition of bile acids by shaping the gut microbiota into an obese type, leading to metabolic disturbances. Streptococcus thermophilus MN-ZLW-002 regulated gut microbiota by adjusting the composition of bile acids and improved the perturbation caused by high-fat diets. However, the effect of MN002 observed in animal experiments needs to be verified by long-term clinical trials.
Effects of isomalt consumption on gastrointestinal and metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers; The polyol isomalt (Palatinit((R))) is a well established sugar replacer. The impact of regular isomalt consumption on metabolism and parameters of gut function in nineteen healthy volunteers was examined in a randomised, double-blind, cross-over trial with two 4-week test periods. Volunteers received 30 g isomalt or 30 g sucrose daily as part of a controlled diet. In addition to clinical standard diagnostics, biomarkers and parameters currently discussed as risk factors for CHD, diabetes or obesity were analysed. Urine and stool Ca and phosphate excretions were measured. In addition, mean transit time, defecation frequency, stool consistency and weight were determined. Consumption of test products was affirmed by the urinary excretion of mannitol. Blood lipids were comparable in both phases, especially in volunteers with hyperlipidaemia, apart from lower apo A-1 (P=0.03) for all subjects. Remnant-like particles, oxidised LDL, NEFA, fructosamine and leptin were comparable and not influenced by isomalt. Ca and phosphate homeostasis was not affected. Stool frequency was moderately increased in the isomalt phase (P=0.006) without changes in stool consistency and stool water. This suggests that isomalt is well tolerated and that consumption of isomalt does not impair metabolic function or induce hypercalciuria. In addition, the study data indicate that isomalt could be useful in improving bowel function.
Moisture, total lipids and fatty acids in raw <i>longissimus</i> muscle from Venezuelan cattle.; Randomly selected groups of slaughter cattle, crossbreds of dairy (n=14) and zebu (n=131) types were classified by age (2.5, 3.0, 3.5 and 4.0 yr., estimated by dentition), and carcass fatness (as described by different criterion, including marbling levels) to study variation in moisture (M), lipid (L), and fatty acid (FA) contents (g/100g of fresh tissue) of longissimus muscle trimmed to zero fat cover. Overall means +/- standard deviations per 100 g of raw product for M and L were 73.9+/-1.36 and 2.9+/-1.04, respectively. Analyses of variance by the least squares (LS) method showed age, breed type, marbling, backfat thickness and carcass finish affected (p<0.05) fatty acid (FA) profiles. The oldest cattle group (4 yr. or older) trended to present a lower intramuscular lipid content (2.72 g/100g) and showed the highest (2.04) unsaturation (unsaturated/saturated FA) index (p<0.05). Breed type had little effect on the FA profile. Comparison of LS means showed intramuscular concentrations of myristic and linolenic acids were slightly higher in samples from dairy types (p<0.05). Carcasses with poor, "patch-like" fat distribution, showed muscles with the highest (0.16) polyunsaturated/saturated FA index (p<0.05). Unsaturation indexes for trimmed beef samples with the prevailing marbling levels (1.76 for "Traces" to 1.92 for "Devoid") show a clear predominance of unsaturates, relatively larger than that estimated from compositional FA data reported for the same cut in the United States.
MUSCLE AND ADIPOSE CELL-DEVELOPMENT IN MICE SELECTED FOR POST-WEANING GROWTH-RATE; Genetic selection for postweaning growth rate between 3 and 6 wk of age resulted in significant changes in body weight, semimembranosus muscle weight, and epididymal fat pad weights. Body weights at 15 wk of age ranged from 24.9 gm for the low line (slow growth) mice and 59.4 gm for the high line mice (rapid growth). Total muscle DNA content was decreased in low line mice and increased in high line mice when compared to control mice (random bred). RNA/DNA and protein/DNA ratios were not significantly affected by growth rate selection pressure. Selection for high or low growth rate appeared to affect the development of muscle by altering the amount of DNA synthesized, suggesting that growth hormone status was altered by this type of selection. Adipose cell number was reduced in the low line and increased in the high line when compared to control mice. Adipose cell size was increased in high line mice when compared to low and control lines. The role of adipose cell development in supporting growth selection success is suggested.
Food consumption patterns in a Mediterranean region: Does the Mediterranean diet still exist?; Aims: To assess the food consumption patterns in the adult population of a Mediterranean region: the Balearic Islands (BI). Methods: A cross-sectional nutritional survey was carried out in the BI between 1999 and 2000. A random sample (n = 1,200) of the adult population (16-65 years) was interviewed. Dietary habits were assessed by means of 24-hour recall during 2 non-consecutive days, the first in the warm season and the second in the cold season, and a quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric measurements were also obtained. Results: Current food patterns in the BI are characterized by a prominent consumption of dairy products, vegetables, fruit, bread, soft drinks and meat. According to the dietary guidelines for the Spanish population, only appropriate consumption of olive oil and other fats, dairy products, nuts, and soft drinks have been achieved. Intakes of fruit, vegetables, fish, eggs, pulses, cereals and potatoes are below desirable levels. On the other side, intakes of sugary products, sweets and cakes are higher than desirable. Alcohol intake, in the context of the Mediterranean diet, can be considered as acceptable. Conclusions: The dietary patterns observed among the BI population are in harmony with the actual dietary trends in Spain and other Mediterranean countries. Mediterranean dietary habits still exist, but a progressive departure from the traditional Mediterranean diet is being observed mainly in younger generations. It would be desirable to increase the consumption of fish, vegetables, fruit, cereals and pulses and decrease the intake of food sources containing saturated fat. Copyright (C) 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Changes in the Healthy Beverage Index in Response to an Intervention Targeting a Reduction in Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Consumption as Compared to an Intervention Targeting Improvements in Physical Activity: Results from the Talking Health Trial; The recently developed Healthy Beverage Index (HBI) was designed to evaluate overall beverage intake quality (including total fluid consumption and beverage calories), yet no known intervention studies have assessed longitudinal changes to the HBI. The objective of this investigation was to assess changes in HBI scores in response to a sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) reduction trial as compared to a physical activity comparison group. Participants were enrolled into a six-month, community-based, controlled behavioral trial and randomized into either a SSB reduction group (SIPsmartER) or a physical activity group (MoveMore). Correlations and multilevel mixed-effects linear regression with intention-to-treat analyses are presented. Total HBI score significantly increased for SIPsmartER (n = 149) (mean increase = 7.5 points (5.4, 9.7), p 0.001) and MoveMore (n = 143) (mean increase = 3.4 points (1.6, 5.2), p 0.001) participants, with a significant between group effect (p 0.05), over the six-month intervention. Other significant changes in HBI components for SIPsmartER included increased SSB and total beverage calorie scores, and decreased low-fat milk and diet soda scores. Changes in total HBI scores were significantly correlated with changes in total Healthy Eating Index-2010 scores (r = 0.15, p 0.01). Our findings suggest that individual HBI component scores, beyond the SSB component, are influenced by intervention strategies that primarily focus on SSB reduction.
Postprandial Effect of Orlistat on the Peaking of Lipid Level After Sequential High Fat Meals; Background: Postprandial lipemia has been found to be strongly associated with atherosclerosis due to its atherogenic and thrombogenic lipoprotein changes. This phenomenon occurs even in normal subjects especially after high fat meals. Orlistat, an anti-obesity drug, has been shown to address postprandial lipemia after a single high fat meal.
A quantitative analysis of prenatal intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cognitive development; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish also contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high-MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard. Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgments) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper estimates the impact of prenatal n-3 intake on cognitive development. Other papers quantify the negative impact of prenatal exposure to MeHg on cognitive development, and the extent to which fish consumption protects against coronary heart disease mortality and stroke in adults.
Plasma lipidomic profiles after a low and high glycemic load dietary pattern in a randomized controlled crossover feeding study; Background Dietary patterns low in glycemic load are associated with reduced risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Improvements in serum lipid concentrations may play a role in these observed associations. Objective We investigated how dietary patterns differing in glycemic load affect clinical lipid panel measures and plasma lipidomics profiles. Methods In a crossover, controlled feeding study, 80 healthy participants (n = 40 men, n = 40 women), 18-45 y were randomized to receive low-glycemic load (LGL) or high glycemic load (HGL) diets for 28 days each with at least a 28-day washout period between controlled diets. Fasting plasma samples were collected at baseline and end of each diet period. Lipids on a clinical panel including total-, VLDL-, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were measured using an auto-analyzer. Lipidomics analysis using mass-spectrometry provided the concentrations of 863 species. Linear mixed models and lipid ontology enrichment analysis were implemented. Results Lipids from the clinical panel were not significantly different between diets. Univariate analysis showed that 67 species on the lipidomics panel, predominantly in the triacylglycerol class, were higher after the LGL diet compared to the HGL (FDR < 0.05). Three species with FA 17:0 were lower after LGL diet with enrichment analysis (FDR < 0.05). Conclusion In the context of controlled eucaloric diets with similar macronutrient distribution, these results suggest that there are relative shifts in lipid species, but the overall pool does not change. Further studies are needed to better understand in which compartment the different lipid species are transported in blood, and how these shifts are related to health outcomes. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00622661.
The acute effects of dietary carbohydrate reduction on postprandial responses of non-esterified fatty acids and triglycerides: a randomized trial; BackgroundPostprandial non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and triglyceride (TG) responses are increased in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and may impair insulin action and increase risk of cardiovascular disease and death. Dietary carbohydrate reduction has been suggested as non-pharmacological therapy for T2DM, but the acute effects on NEFA and TG during subsequent meals remain to be investigated.MethodsPostprandial NEFA and TG responses were assessed in subjects with T2DM by comparing a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet with a conventional diabetes (CD) diet in an open-label, randomized, cross-over study. Each diet was consumed on two consecutive days, separated by a wash-out period. The iso-caloric CRHP/CD diets contained 31/54 E% from carbohydrate, 29/16 E% energy from protein and 40/30 E% from fat, respectively. Sixteen subjects with well-controlled T2DM (median HbA(1c) 47mmol/mol, (37-67mmol/mol) and BMI 304.4kg/m(2)) participated in the study. NEFA and TG were evaluated following breakfast and lunch.ResultsNEFA net area under curve (AUC) was increased by 9738mol/Lx270 min (p=0.024) after breakfast but reduced by 141 +/- 33mol/Lx180 min (p<0.001) after lunch on the CRHP compared with CD diet. Likewise, TG net AUC was increased by 80 +/- 28mol/Lx270 min (p=0.012) after breakfast but reduced by 320 +/- 60mol/Lx180 min (p<0.001) after lunch on the CRHP compared with CD diet.ConclusionsIn well-controlled T2DM a modest reduction of dietary carbohydrate with a corresponding increase in protein and fat acutely reduced postprandial serum NEFA suppression and increased serum TG responses after a breakfast meal but had the opposite effect after a lunch meal. The mechanism behind this second-meal phenomenon of CRHP diet on important risk factors for aggravating T2DM and cardiovascular disease awaits further investigation.
Whey Versus Casein as a Protein Source during the Weaning Period: Impact on Growth and Later Adiposity and Glucose Homeostasis in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Growth Restriction; The impact of early life protein source (whey vs. casein) on short- and long-term glucose homeostasis and adiposity is unknown and was investigated in this study. At the end of the suckling period, non-IUGR (intrauterine growth restriction) and IUGR pups were separated from dams and were randomized into four groups. From age 21-49 days, non-IUGR and IUGR pups were fed ad-libitum chow or a semi-synthetic diet (20% from protein; casein or whey) and from age 50-199 days, all groups were fed ad-libitum chow. Food intake, body composition, glucose, and insulin homeostasis were assessed. Among the chow groups, IUGR had slower growth and higher fasting glucose at age 42 days, as well as higher fasting and AUC glucose at age 192 days relative to non-IUGR. The whey IUGR group had a slower growth rate and higher fasting glycemia in early life (age 21-49 days) and higher HOMA-IR later in life (age 120-122 and 190-192 days) relative to casein IUGR. This study shows the potential advantage of casein relative to whey during weaning on short term energy intake, growth, and glucose homeostasis in an IUGR model and reveals, for the first time, its long term impact on insulin sensitivity, which may have implications for later metabolic health, particularly in small-for-gestational-age populations at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Effect of melatonin on visceral fat deposition, lipid metabolism and hepatic lipo-metabolic gene expression in male rats; Melatonin (MT) influences lipid metabolism in animals; however, the mechanistic effect of melatonin on liver fat and abdominal adipose deposition requires further clarity. In order to study the effects of melatonin on lipid metabolism, and hepatic fat and abdominal adipose deposition in animals, twenty Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats of 6 weeks of age with similar bodyweight were randomly divided into two groups: control (CTL) and MT-treated (10 mg/kg/day). During a 60-day experiment, food intake and bodyweight were measured daily and weekly respectively. At the end of treatment, blood samples were collected to collect plasma to quantify hormones and metabolic indicators of lipid metabolism. In addition, organ and abdominal adipose depots including liver, and omental, perirenal, and epididymal fat were weighed. Liver tissue was sampled for sectioning, long-chain fatty acid (LCFA) quantification, and gene chip and Real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) analyses. The results showed that liver weight and index (ratio of liver weight to body weight) in MT group reduced by 20.69% and 9.63% respectively; omentum weight and index reduced by 59.88% and 54.93% respectively, and epididymal fat weight reduced by 45.34% (p = 0.049), relative to CTL. Plasma lipid indices, triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and total cholesterol (TC) with MT treatment decreased significantly compared with the control. Fat and 8 LCFA content in liver in MT group also decreased. Gene chip and qPCR demonstrated that there were 289 genes up-regulated and 293 genes down-regulated by MT. Further analysis found that the mRNA expression of lipolysis-related genes increased, while the mRNA expression of lipogenesis-related enzymes decreased (p < 0.05) with MT. This study concluded that melatonin greatly affected fat deposition, and hepatic LCFA supply and the expression of genes associated with lipogenesis and lipolysis.
Interactions between Growth of Muscle and Stature: Mechanisms Involved and Their Nutritional Sensitivity to Dietary Protein: The Protein-Stat Revisited; Childhood growth and its sensitivity to dietary protein is reviewed within a Protein-Stat model of growth regulation. The coordination of growth of muscle and stature is a combination of genetic programming, and of two-way mechanical interactions involving the mechanotransduction of muscle growth through stretching by bone length growth, the core Protein-Stat feature, and the strengthening of bone through muscle contraction via the mechanostat. Thus, growth in bone length is the initiating event and this is always observed. Endocrine and cellular mechanisms of growth in stature are reviewed in terms of the growth hormone-insulin like growth factor-1 (GH-IGF-1) and thyroid axes and the sex hormones, which together mediate endochondral ossification in the growth plate and bone lengthening. Cellular mechanisms of muscle growth during development are then reviewed identifying (a) the difficulties posed by the need to maintain its ultrastructure during myofibre hypertrophy within the extracellular matrix and the concept of muscle as concentric "bags" allowing growth to be conceived as bag enlargement and filling, (b) the cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in the mechanotransduction of satellite and mesenchymal stromal cells, to enable both connective tissue remodelling and provision of new myonuclei to aid myofibre hypertrophy and (c) the implications of myofibre hypertrophy for protein turnover within the myonuclear domain. Experimental data from rodent and avian animal models illustrate likely changes in DNA domain size and protein turnover during developmental and stretch-induced muscle growth and between different muscle fibre types. Growth of muscle in male rats during adulthood suggests that "bag enlargement" is achieved mainly through the action of mesenchymal stromal cells. Current understanding of the nutritional regulation of protein deposition in muscle, deriving from experimental studies in animals and human adults, is reviewed, identifying regulation by amino acids, insulin and myofibre volume changes acting to increase both ribosomal capacity and efficiency of muscle protein synthesis via the mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) and the phenomenon of a "bag-full" inhibitory signal has been identified in human skeletal muscle. The final section deals with the nutritional sensitivity of growth of muscle and stature to dietary protein in children. Growth in length/height as a function of dietary protein intake is described in the context of the breastfed child as the normative growth model, and the "Early Protein Hypothesis" linking high protein intakes in infancy to later adiposity. The extensive paediatric studies on serum IGF-1 and child growth are reviewed but their clinical relevance is of limited value for understanding growth regulation; a role in energy metabolism and homeostasis, acting with insulin to mediate adiposity, is probably more important. Information on the influence of dietary protein on muscle mass per se as opposed to lean body mass is limited but suggests that increased protein intake in children is unable to promote muscle growth in excess of that linked to genotypic growth in length/height. One possible exception is milk protein intake, which cohort and cross-cultural studies suggest can increase height and associated muscle growth, although such effects have yet to be demonstrated by randomised controlled trials.
Potential Nociceptive Regulatory Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> PB01 (DSM 14870) on Mechanical Sensitivity in Diet-Induced Obesity Model; Treatments for obesity have been shown to reduce pain secondary to weight loss. Intestinal microbiota, as an endogenous factor, influences obesity and pain sensitivity but the effect of oral probiotic supplementation on musculoskeletal pain perception has not been studied systematically. The present study examined the effect of a single daily oral dose (1 x 10(9) CFU) of probiotics (Lactobacillus rhamnosus PB01, DSM14870) supplement on mechanical pain thresholds in behaving diet-induced obese (DIO) mice and their normal weight (NW) controls. The mice (N = 24, 6-week-old male) were randomly divided into four groups on either standard or high fat diet with and without probiotic supplementation. Both DIO and NW groups with probiotic supplementation maintained an insignificant weight gain while the control groups gained significant weight (P < 0.05). Similarly, both DIO and NW probiotics supplemented groups demonstrated a significantly (P < 0.05) lower sensitivity to mechanical stimulation compared to their corresponding control. The results of this study suggest a protective effect of probiotics on nociception circuits, which propose a direct result of the weight reduction or an indirect result of anti-inflammatory properties of the probiotics. Deciphering the exact underlying mechanism of the weight loss and lowering nociception effect of the probiotic applied in this study require further investigation.
Metabolic profiles reflect weight loss maintenance and the composition of diet after very-low-energy diet; Background & aims: Diet and weight loss affect circulating metabolome. However, metabolite profiles induced by different weight loss maintenance diets and underlying longer term weight loss maintenance remain unknown. Herein, we investigated after-weight-loss metabolic signatures of two isocaloric 24-wk weight maintenance diets differing in satiety value due to dietary fibre, protein and fat contents and identified metabolite features that associated with successful weight loss maintenance.
Which factors predict metabolic syndrome? A cross sectional study in Kermanshah, Iran; Background: Lifestyle and food pattern play a key role in the creation and control of metabolic syndrome (MS). Objective: The present study was conducted to determine the role of nutritional and anthropometric factors as the predictors of MS in food production and distribution business owners. Materials and Methods: The present cross-sectional study was conducted on 112 food retailers selected in a random fashion. The study questionnaires included the demographic information questionnaire and food frequency questionnaire. The body composition was measured using the body analyzer. To examine lipid profiles and blood sugar, 5 ml fasting blood samples were taken from the participants. The data were analyzed using the logistic regression test. Results: The present study found high waist-hip ratio and body fat mass to be the strongest anthropometric predictors of MS. High lean body mass and total body water were negatively correlated with and played a protective role in MS. Consumption of dairy products as a food group was negatively correlated with MS, i.e., the higher the consumption, the lower the emergence rate of MS. The prevalence of MS was found to be 30.4% in the over 40 age group, 51.4% in 40-49 years old and 61.3% in those aged 50 and above, suggesting a positive correlation between the prevalence of MS and increasing age (P = 0.02). Conclusion: The present study found increased waist circumference and reduced dairy consumption to increase the risk of MS. Furthermore, weight reduction changes in lifestyle by increasing physical activities and observing proper diets were found to significantly decrease the risk of MS.
Effect of reduced energy density of close-up diets on metabolites, lipolysis and gluconeogenesis in Holstein cows; Objective: An experiment was conducted to determine the effect of reduced energy density of close-up diets on metabolites, lipolysis and gluconeogenesis in cows during the transition period.
Resolution of diabetes, gastrointestinal symptoms, and self-reported dietary intake after gastric bypass versus sleeve gastrectomy: a randomized study; Background: There is a lack of randomized studies examining diabetes remission and dietary intake between patients undergoing Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) versus sleeve gastrectomy (SG). Objective: To examine longitudinal differences in diabetes resolution, dietary intake, and gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms in patients with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) randomized to either RYGB or SG and according to remission of T2D. Setting: Four hospitals in Sweden, 2 of which are university hospitals. Methods: Dietary intake and GI symptoms were calculated from questionnaires and morphometric differences between surgical methods and T2D remission were compared using the Student t test, effect size (ES) for parametric parameters, and Mann-Whitney U test for nonparametric parameters. Results: Five years after RYGB or SG there was no significant difference in the rate of remission of T2D between RYGB and SG (43% versus 20%, P = .176). RYGB (n = 19) patients had greater weight loss than SG patients (n = 14) (26.4 [9.5] versus 13.1 [9.6] kg, P < .001), despite reporting higher daily caloric intake (D 669 kcal, P = .059, ES .67) and food weight (D 1029 g/d, P = .003, ES 1.11). RYGB patients, compared with SG patients, also ate 1 more fruit per day (P = .023). Pooled data showed no differences between patients with and without T2D remission regarding weight loss, but those in remission drank more nonalcoholic drinks and milk. Conclusions: Five years postoperatively, patients randomized to RYGB reported considerably higher food intake compared with SG despite lower body weight. The reason and importance of the higher food intake after RYGB compared with SG needs to be further studied. (Surg Obes Relat Dis 2023;19:440-448.) (c) 2023 American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://
Exploring the Influence of Gut Microbiome on Energy Metabolism in Humans; The gut microbiome has a profound influence on host physiology, including energy metabolism, which is the process by which energy from nutrients is transformed into other forms of energy to be used by the body. However, mechanistic evidence for how the microbiome influences energy metabolism is derived from animal models. In this narrative review, we included human studies investigating the relationship between gut microbiome and energy metabolism -i.e., energy expenditure in humans and energy harvest by the gut microbiome. Studies have found no consistent gut microbiome patterns associated with energy metabolism, and most interventions were not effective in modulating the gut microbiome to influence energy metabolism. To date, cause-and-effect relationships and mechanistic evidence on the impact of the gut microbiome on energy expenditure have not been established in humans. Future longitudinal observational studies and randomized controlled trials utilizing robust methodologies and advanced statistical analysis are needed. Such knowledge would potentially inform the design of therapeutic avenues and specific dietary recommendations to improve energy metabolism through gut microbiome modulation.
Effects of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objectives: Previous studies have evaluated the effects of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles among diabetic patients. However, the results were inconsistent. Study design: Systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: A systematic searching from PubMed, ISI Web of Science, Embase, and Cochrane Central was conducted to identify high-quality clinical trials investigating the effect of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles [including fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] up to December 2020. Subgroup analyses by types or durations of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation were con-ducted to investigate the different effects among different populations. Results: A total of 39 trials with 3517 participants were included in the final analyses. Among patients with type II diabetes (T2DM), the summarized standardized mean differences (SMDs) and 95% confi-dential intervals (95% CIs) of FBG, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR were-0.30 (95% CI:-0.65 to 0.05),-0.59 (95% CI:-0.88 to-0.30), and-0.68 (95% CI:-1.13 to-0.23), respectively. Among patients with gestational diabetes (GDM), the summary SMDs of FBG, HbA1c and HOMA-IR were-0.67 (95% CI:-1.23 to-0.11),-0.24 (95% CI:-0.57 to 0.08), and-1.06 (95% CI:-1.72 to-0.40), respectively. Similar im-provements in blood glucose profiles were also found among persons with prediabetes or gestational woman with normal glucose, but not among patients with type I diabetes. Subgroup analyses showed similar results of probiotic supplementation for patients with T2DM and probiotic/synbiotic supple-mentation for patients with GDM. Conclusion: Probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation might improve the blood glucose profiles among patients with T2DM/GDM, persons with prediabetes, or gestational woman with normal glucose. Trials with more sophisticated design are needed to validate the results in the future. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42020161975. (c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The Royal Society for Public Health.
The problem of accuracy in dietary surveys. Analysis of the over 65 UK National Diet and Nutrition Survey; Study objective-To investigate the prevalence and nature of low energy reporting in a dietary survey of British adults over 65 years of age.
Intake of total, animal and plant protein and subsequent changes in weight or waist circumference in European men and women: the Diogenes project; Background: As protein is considered to increase thermogenesis and satiety more than other macronutrients, it may have beneficial effects on prevention of weight gain and weight maintenance.
Oral sensory and cephalic hormonal responses to fat and non-fat liquids in bulimia nervosa; Sensory evaluation of food involves endogenous opioid mechanisms. Bulimics typically limit their food choices to low-fat "safe foods" and intermittently lose control and binge on high-fat "risk foods". The aim of this study was to determine whether the oral sensory effects of a fat versus a non-fat milk product (i.e., traditional versus non-fat half-and-half) resulted in different subjective and hormonal responses in bulimic women (n=10) compared with healthy women (n=11). Naltrexone (50 mg PO) or placebo was administered 1 h before, and blood sampling began 30 min prior to and 29 min after, a 3 min portion controlled modified sham-feeding trial. Following an overnight fast, three morning trials (fat, naltrexone; fat, placebo; and non-fat, placebo) were administered in a random double-blind fashion separated by at least 3 days. Overall, there were no differences between Fat and Non-Fat trials. Hunger ratings (p<0.001) and pancreatic polypeptide levels (p<0.05) were higher for bulimics at baseline. Bulimics also had overall higher ratings for nausea (p<0.05), fatty taste (p<0.01), and fear of swallowing (p<0.005). Bulimics had 40% higher total ghrelin levels at all time points (p<0.001). Hormones and glucose levels were not altered by the modified sham-feeding paradigm. Naltrexone, however, resulted in an overall increase in blood glucose and decrease in ghrelin levels in both groups (p<0.05, for both). These data suggest that bulimic women have different orosensory responses that are not influenced by opioid receptor antagonism, evident in hormonal responses, or dependent on the fat content of a similarly textured liquid. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pancreatic GLUT2 protein expression and isolated islets insulin secretion decreased in high-fat fed rat dams; PurposeChronic consumption of high-fat foods during the reproductive period may endanger the dams' metabolic homeostasis and might adversely affect pregnancy outcome. In this regard the present study aimed to investigate the effect of long-term high-fat feeding on pancreatic glucose transporter-2 (GLUT2) protein expression and isolated islets glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in Wistar rat dams.Materials and methodsFemale rats were randomly divided into normal (N) and high-fat (HF; containing cow butter) diet groups and consumed their respective diets for 10 weeks (from prepregnancy to the end of lactation). After lactation, fasting plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin were measured to calculate HOMA-IR index, then intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT) was performed. Moreover, the pancreatic GLUT2 protein expression and insulin secretion from isolated islets at basal (5.6 mM) and stimulated (16.7 mM) glucose concentrations were assessed.ResultsIn HF group compared to N group, the plasma insulin level increased, whereas the plasma glucose level did not change in fasting state. Accordingly, the HOMA-IR index increased in HF fed animals. Furthermore, the IPGTT revealed glucose intolerance based on the plasma glucose and insulin results. Also, the pancreatic GLUT2 expression and isolated islets insulin secretion, in response to high glucose concentration, were decreased.ConclusionThe chronic consumption of high-fat foods during prepregnancy, pregnancy, and lactation periods can lead to glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and inhibition of pancreatic GLUT2 expression, which impairs glucose homeostasis. Therefore, it is crucial to carefully monitor the diet composition of dams during this critical period.
The relationship between dietary inflammatory index and metabolic syndrome and its components: a case study in Kashi urban, Xinjiang; Introduction: This paper examines the association between the dietary inflammatory index (DII) and the risk of metabolic syndrome (MS) and its components among Uygur adults in Kashi, Xinjiang. Methods: The study used the multi-stage random cluster sampling method to investigate the adult residents of Uighu aged over 18 years old in one county and one township/street of three cities in Kashi between May and June 2021. All dietary data collected were analyzed for energy and nutrient intake with a nutritional analysis software, followed by a calculation of DII. Logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DII and the risks of MS and its components. Results: The maximum DII value across our 1,193 respondents was 4.570 to 4.058, with an average value of 0.256. When we analyzed the DII as a continuous variable, we determined the anti-inflammatory diet has been identified as a mitigating factor for metabolic syndrome (OR = 0.586, 95% CI = 0.395-0.870), obesity (OR = 0.594, 95% CI = 0.395-0.870), elevated fasting glucose levels (OR = 0.422, 95% CI = 0.267-0.668), and hypertension (OR = 0.698, 95% CI = 0.488-0.996). When the model was adjusted by sex, age, and occupation, we found a significant correlation between high- and low-density lipoproteinemia and DII (OR = 1.55, 95% CI = 1.040-2.323). The present study identified four distinct dietary patterns among the population under investigation. There was a linear trend in the incidence of MS and hypertension across low, middle, and high levels of fruits and milk dietary pattern model (p = 0.027; p = 0.033), within this dietary pattern may serve as protective factors against MS and hypertension, suggesting that fruits and milk within this dietary pattern may serve as protective factors against MS and hypertension. And the linear trend in the incidence of elevated fasting glucose and obesity across the low, medium, and high scores of meet and eggs dietary pattern (p = 0.006; p < 0.001), suggest that a diet rich in meat may potentially contribute to an increased risk of developing elevated fasting glucose levels and obesity. An observed linear trend in the incidence rate of high fasting blood glucose across low, moderate, and high scores of dried fruits and nuts dietary pattern (p = 0.014), indicating that increased consumption of nuts acted as a protective factor against elevated fasting blood glucose levels and contributed to their reduction. Discussion: The dietary inflammation index was integrated with the findings from the study on the dietary patterns of the sampled population, revealing that an anti-inflammatory diet demonstrated a protective effect against metabolic syndrome, obesity, high fasting blood glucose, and hypertension in this specific population. laying the foundation for further research.
Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Activity and Gene Expression in the Adipose Tissue of Buffalo Bulls Was Unaffected by Diets with Different Fat Content and Fatty Acid Profile; Research on diet effects on buffalo meat quality may be critical to assess its possible consumption benefits in human nutrition. This study investigated, in growing buffalo bulls, the effects of two diets differing in total fat content and fatty acid profile on the activity and gene expression of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase (SCD) in the adipose tissue and on meat quality. Twenty buffalo bulls, 6 months old, were randomly assigned to the two dietary treatments until slaughtering (about 400 kg body weight). No significant difference between the groups was observed for chemical composition, fatty acid profile and CLAs content of Longissimus thoracis as well as for the SCD gene expression. Such results seem to be in contrast with similar studies performed on other ruminant species, but confirm that important differences occur between buffalo and bovine species, such as the lower content in fat of buffalo meat. Our results also confirm that specific studies should be performed on buffalo, also in terms of the metabolic pathways activated by different diets.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of health claims related to calcium and maintenance of normal bone and teeth (ID 2731, 3155, 4311, 4312, 4703), maintenance of normal hair and nails (ID 399, 3155), maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations (ID 349, 1893), maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations (ID 349, 1893), reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome (ID 348, 1892), "cell membrane permeability" (ID 363), reduction of tiredness and fatigue (ID 232), contribution to normal psychological functions (ID 233), contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight (ID 228, 229) and regulation of normal cell division and differentiation (ID 237) pursuant to Article 13(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 EFSA Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies (NDA); Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to provide a scientific opinion on a list of health claims pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. This opinion addresses the scientific substantiation of health claims in relation to calcium and maintenance of normal bone and teeth, maintenance of normal hair and nails, maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations, maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations, reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome, cell membrane permeability, reduction of tiredness and fatigue, contribution to normal psychological functions, contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight and regulation of cell division and differentiation. The scientific substantiation is based on the information provided by the Member States in the consolidated list of Article 13 health claims and references that EFSA has received from Member States or directly from stakeholders.
Lack of Healthy Food in Small-Size to Mid-Size Retailers Participating in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota, 2014; Introduction
Short-Term Oral UMP/UR Administration Regulates Lipid Metabolism in Early-Weaned Piglets; Simple Summary Uridine monophosphate (UMP) and uridine (UR) are rich in sow's milk. The results from this study showed that UMP and UR affect the lipid profile and lipid metabolism in weanling piglets. It is suggested that UMP and UR improve the energy status in early-weaned piglets. As a main ingredient of milk, the nucleotides content is about 12-58 mg/g, which plays a critical role in maintaining cellular function and lipid metabolism. This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of short-term uridine monophosphate (UMP) and uridine (UR) administration on lipid metabolism in early-weaned piglets. Twenty-one weaned piglets (7 d of age; 3.32 +/- 0.20 kg average body weight) were randomly assigned into three groups: The control (CON), UMP, and UR group, and oral administered UMP or UR for 10 days, respectively. The results showed that supplementation with UMP significantly increased (p < 0.05) serum low density lipoprotein (LDL) and tended to increase (p = 0.062) serum total cholesterol (TC) content of piglets when compared with the other two groups. Oral administration with UMP and UR significantly decreased (p < 0.05) the serum total bile acid (TBA) and plasma free fatty acids (FFA) of piglets, and significantly reduced the fatty acid content of C12:0 (p < 0.01) and C14:0 (p < 0.05) in liver. Experiments about key enzymes that are involved in de novo synthesis of fatty acid showed that the gene expression of liver X receptors (LXR alpha), sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 (SREBP1c), fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS2), and fatty acid elongase 5 (ELOVL5) were remarkably down-regulated (p < 0.05) with UMP and UR treatment, and key factors of adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL), hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL), and carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1 (CPT-1 alpha) involved in fatty acid catabolism were also decreased (p < 0.05). Additionally, the protein expression of phosphorylated-mTOR was not affected while phosphorylation of AKT was repressed (p < 0.05). In conclusion, short-term oral UMP or UR administration could regulate fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism, thus providing energy for early-weaned piglets.
Compliance, Palatability and Feasibility of PALEOLITHIC and Australian Guide to Healthy Eating Diets in Healthy Women: A 4-Week Dietary Intervention; (1) Background/Objectives: The Paleolithic diet has been receiving media coverage in Australia and claims to improve overall health. The diet removes grains and dairy, whilst encouraging consumption of fruits, vegetables, meat, eggs and nuts. Our aim was to compare the diet to the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating (AGHE) in terms of compliance, palatability and feasibility; (2) Subjects/Methods: 39 healthy women (age 47 +/- 13 years, BMI 27 +/- 4 kg/m(2)) were randomised to an ad-libitum Paleolithic (n = 22) or AGHE diet (n = 17) for 4-weeks. A food checklist was completed daily, with mean discretionary consumption (serves/day) calculated to assess compliance. A 12-item questionnaire was administered post intervention to assess palatability and feasibility; (3) Results: The AGHE group reported greater daily consumption of discretionary items (1.0 + 0.6 vs. 0.57 + 0.6 serves/day, p = 0.03). Compared to the AGHE group, the Paleolithic group reported a significantly greater number of events of diarrhoea (23%, 0%, p = 0.046), costs associated with grocery shopping (69%, 6% p < 0.01) and belief that the diet was not healthy (43%, 0% p < 0.01); (4) Conclusions: Compliance to both diets was high but the potential side effects and increased cost suggest that the Paleolithic diet may not be practical in clinical/public health settings. Further studies are required to assess longer term feasibility.
Effects of topical topiramate in wound healing in mice; Recent studies have indicated that systemic topiramate can induce an improvement on the aesthetic appearance of skin scars. Here, we evaluated topical topiramate as an agent to improve wound healing in C57/BL6 mice. Mice were inflicted with a 6.0 mm punch to create two wounds in the skin of the dorsal region. Thereafter, mice were randomly assigned to either vehicle or topical topiramate (20 A mu l of 2% cream) once a day for 14 days, beginning on the same day as wound generation. We analyzed the wound samples over real-time PCR, Western blotting, and microscopy. There was no effect of the topiramate treatment on the time for complete reepithelization of the wound. However, on microscopic analysis, topiramate treatment resulted in increased granulation tissue, thicker epidermal repair, and improved deposition of type I collagen fibers. During wound healing, there were increased expressions of anti-inflammatory markers, such as IL-10, TGF-beta 1, and reduced expression of the active form of JNK. In addition, topiramate treatment increased the expression of active forms of two intermediaries in the insulin-signaling pathway, IRS-1 and Akt. Finally, at the end of the wound-healing process, topiramate treatment resulted in increased expression of SOX-2, a transcription factor that is essential to maintain cell self-renewal of undifferentiated embryonic stem cells. We conclude that topical topiramate can improve the overall quality of wound healing in the healthy skin of mice. This improvement is accompanied by reduced expression of markers involved in inflammation and increased expression of proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway.
CAN GENERAL-PRACTITIONERS USE TRAINING IN RELAXATION AND MANAGEMENT OF STRESS TO REDUCE MILD HYPERTENSION; To see whether general practitioners could effectively carry out training in relaxation and management of stress to reduce mild hypertension a study was carried out with a subsample of phase 2 of the Medical Research Council''s treatment of mild hypertension trial. In the main milk hypertension trial patients had been receiving either an active drug or placebo for six years. In phase 2 a subsample of these patients were randomly allocated either to continue or to stop receiving the active drug or placebo. In a further subsample patients were again randomised to receive or not to receive relaxation therapy. This factorial design presented an additional opportunity to assess whether patients controlled with active drugs might have their blood pressure maintained by this behavioural therapy once drug treatment was stopped and to assess whether blood pressure might be further reduced by this therapy in patients who had been under regular medical supervision for as long as six years and  who had already received non-pharmacological advice. The therapy was conducted by general practitioners in group sessions once a week for eight weeks. The training in relaxation was accompanied by galvanic skin resistance biofeedback. At one year follow up blood pressure in the relaxation subgroups was either maintained (in the group who had stopped receiving drugs) or reduced further (in the group who had continued receiving drugs and in both placebo groups), while in the control group it had  increased in all the subgroups, but particularly in those who had stopped receiving drugs. Differences in changes in blood pressure between the relaxation and control groups were significant. There were five new cardiovascular events, including evidence of myocardial ischaemia in blindly coded electrocardiograms in the control group, compared with one in the treatment group. General practitioners, if motivated, can successfully apply this technique of training those with mild hypertension in  relaxation and management of stress.
Dietary fructose during the suckling period increases body weight and fatty acid uptake into skeletal muscle in adult rats; Objective: The suckling period is one potentially "critical" period during which nutritional intake may permanently "program" metabolism to promote increased adult body weight and insulin resistance in later life. This study determined whether fructose introduced during the suckling period altered body weight and induced changes in fatty acid transport leading to insulin resistance in adulthood in rats.
DECLINE IN ISCHEMIC-HEART-DISEASE IN ICELAND AND CHANGE IN RISK FACTOR LEVELS; Objective - To monitor trends in mortality and morbidity due to ischaemic heart disease and compare these with observed levels of risk factors from population surveys.
Endogenous fat oxidation during medium chain versus long chain triglyceride feeding in healthy women; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of medium chain triglycerides (MCT) vs long chain triglycerides (LCT) feeding on exogenous and endogenous oxidation of long chain saturated fatty acids (LCSFA) in women.
Oral fat exposure increases the first phase triacylglycerol concentration due to release of stored lipid in humans; Oral exposure to dietary fat (through modified sham feeding, which entails mastication and expectoration of foods) augments the postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration, in part, though augmented lipid absorption. This study was designed to characterize early events in this process. At 2200 h, 25 healthy adults (13 men, 12 women) consumed 80 g of almonds (high oleic acid content) and fasted until similar to0700 h. After placement of a catheter in a hand vein and 4 blood draws at 10-min intervals, 50 1-g safflower oil (high linoleic acid content) capsules were consumed. After another blood draw, modified sham feeding was initiated with a cracker only or cracker with cream cheese in random order with 1 wk between trials. Oral exposures occurred at 5-min intervals for 60 min then at 15-min intervals from min 60 to 120. Additional blood draws occurred at 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 30, 60, 120, 240, 360 and 480 min. Oral stimulation, especially by fat, prompted the rapid (mean similar to23 min) release of lipid stored from the previous meal (almonds) in all participants. This resulted in multimodal postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) peaks generally occurring at 0-30 min, 60-120 min and 240-480 min after loading and initiation of oral stimulation. TAG magnitudes during these times were correlated (r = 0.40-0.89, P < 0.001-P = 0.053). It is proposed that the sensory-enhanced release of lipid from the residual pool initiates an early TAG rise, which augments the peak attributable to absorption of meal lipid; this in turn supplements a later peak associated with release of endogenously synthesized TAG because lipid from all three sources competed for a common clearance mechanism. If substantiated, additional understanding of the behavioral factors (e.g., eating patterns) that initiate this cascade will be warranted.
Toenail selenium as an indicator of environmental exposure: A cross-sectional study; The relation between toxicity and essentiality of selenium (Se) is of growing interest in human health, as the effects may widely differ depending of its different chemical species and the exposure levels. Toenail Se has been proposed as a reliable biomarker of long-term Se exposure, but few studies investigated the correlation between its toenail content and environmental determinants (i.e., dietary food intake). We aimed to determine the relation of toenail Se levels with serum Se species as well as food items. We recruited a random sample of Modena (Northern Italy) municipal residents, from whom we collected detailed personal information, dietary habits, toenail specimen for Se determination and a blood sample for serum Se speciation analysis. Toenail Se mean value was 0.96 mu g/g (range, 0.47-1.60), with slightly higher levels in females, in non-obese subjects and in Se supplements users, while it was lower in current smokers. Toenail Se positively correlated with organic Se forms, mainly selenoprotein P and selenocysteine, and inversely with the inorganic forms (selenite and selenate). Toenail Se was not associated with meat, cereals and dairy products consumption, positively correlated with fruit and slightly with vegetable intake, and negatively with fish and seafood consumption. Finally, no clear association emerged with estimated air Se exposure.
Impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on assisted reproductive technology outcomes: a systematic review; This review explores the impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology (ART) on reproductive outcomes. A systematic search of English peer-reviewed journals was carried out using MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library to identify articles published from January 1978 to 2021. The primary outcomes assessed included pregnancy and live birth rates. Secondary outcome measures included: (i) implantation rate; (ii) fertilisation rate; (iii) number of oocytes retrieved; (iv) number of metaphase II (MII) oocytes; (v) blastocyst conversion; and (vi) embryo quality. A total of 4 randomised control trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria. There is a lack of high-quality research to support widespread dietary supplementation with PUFAs in women undergoing ART. Prior to its clinical recommendation, there is a need for well-designed RCTs to facilitate an in-depth understanding of PUFA supplementation in women undergoing ART.
Quantitative assessment of betainized compounds and associations with dietary and metabolic biomarkers in the randomized study of the healthy Nordic diet (SYSDIET); Background: Recently, a group of betainized compounds have been suggested to play a role in health effects in relation to a whole-grain-rich diet.
Diet or exercise, or both, for weight reduction in women after childbirth; Background
TOXICOLOGICAL CONSEQUENCES OF AROCLOR-1254 INGESTION BY FEMALE RHESUS (MACACA-MULATTA) MONKEYS .1A. PREBREEDING PHASE - CLINICAL HEALTH FINDINGS; A group of 80 menstruating rhesus (Macaca mulatta) monkeys, with an average estimated age of 11.1 +/- 4.1 yr SD, were first randomly allocated to four similar test rooms (20 monkeys/room) and then randomly allocated to one of the five dose groups (four females/dose group/room). Each day, the females self-ingested capsules containing doses of 0, 5, 20, 40 or 80 mu g Aroclor 1254/kg body weight. After 25 months of dairy dosing, approximately 90% of the treated females attained a qualitative pharmacokinetic steady state with respect to the concentration of polychlorinated biphenyl in their adipose tissue. The test monkeys were monitored daily for health and menstrual status, as well, as feed and water consumption. On a weekly basis, each female's body weight was determined and a detailed clinical examination was conducted. Minor treatment effects included a slight, but not statistically significant, decrease in feed and water consumption as well as a decreased feed conversion ratio and a slight increase in the duration of menses. Statistically significant, dose-related treatment effects included inflammation and/or prominence of the tarsal (Meibomian) glands, eye exudate, and various finger and toe nail changes. These results were found at doses lower than those previously reported for non-human primates.
Lifestyle patterns and dysglycaemic risk in urban Sri Lankan women; Specific dietary patterns are associated with the risk of chronic disease. An in-depth understanding more reflective of lifestyle would be possible when assessing the synergistic effects of both diet and physical activity in pattern analysis. In the present study, we examined the biochemical markers of dysglycaemia and cardiometabolic risk in relation to lifestyle patterns using principal component analysis (PCA). Urban women (n 2800) aged 30-45 years were screened for dysglycaemia using cluster sampling from the Colombo Municipal Council area. All the 272 dysglycaemic women detected through screening and 345 randomly selected normoglycaemic women were enrolled. The International Physical Activity Questionnaire and a quantitative FFQ were used to assess physical activity and diet, respectively. Anthropometric measurements, bioelectrical impedance analysis and biochemical estimations were carried out. Lifestyle patterns were identified based on dietary and physical activity data using exploratory factor analysis. PCA was used for the extraction of factors. A total of three lifestyle patterns were identified. Women who were predominantly physically inactive and consumed snacks and dairy products had the greatest cardiometabolic risk, with a higher likelihood of having unfavourable obesity indices (increased waist circumference, fat mass percentage and BMI and decreased fat-free mass percentage), glycaemic indices (increased glycosylated Hb (HbA1c) and fasting blood sugar concentrations) and lipid profile (increased total cholesterol/TAG and decreased HDL-cholesterol concentrations) and increased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations. For the first time, we report lifestyle patterns and demonstrate the synergistic effects of physical activity/inactivity and diet and their relative association with cardiometabolic risk in urban women. Lifestyle pattern analysis greatly increases our understanding of high-risk behaviours occurring within real-life complexities.
Comparison of low-fat meal and high-fat meal on postprandial lipemic response in non-obese men according to the-1131T&gt;C polymorphism of the apolipoprotein A5 (APOA5) gene (randomized cross-over design); Objective: The purpose of this study was to compare low-fat (LF) meal and high-fat (HF) meal on the postprandial lipemic responses according to the -1131T > C polymorphism of the APOA5 gene in a population usually consuming a LF diet and having a high frequency of the variant allele at the APOA5-113IT > C SNP.
Association of branched-chain fatty acids with metabolic syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: branched-chain fatty acids (BCFAs) have recently emerged as a group of functional fatty acids that are widely distributed in various foodstuffs, including dairy products, ruminant meat products, and fermented foods. Several studies have investigated the differences in the levels of BCFAs among individuals with varying risks of metabolic syndrome (MetS). In this study, we conducted a meta-analysis to explore the relationship between BCFAs and MetS, and to assess the feasibility of BCFAs as potential biomarkers for diagnosing MetS. Methods: in accordance with the PRISMA guidelines, we conducted a systematic literature search on PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library up to March 2023. Both longitudinal and cross-sectional studies were included. The quality of the longitudinal and cross-sectional studies was evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS) and the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) criteria, respectively. Heterogeneity detection and sensitivity analysis of the included research literature were carried out using R 4.2.1 software with a random-effects model. Results: Our meta-analysis included 685 participants and revealed a significant negative correlation between the endogenous BCFAs (serum BCFAs and adipose tissue BCFAs) and the risk of developing MetS, with lower BCFA levels found in individuals at a high risk of MetS (WMD: -0.11%, 95% CI: [-0.12, -0.09] %, P < 0.0001). However, there was no difference in fecal BCFAs among different MetS risk groups (SMD: -0.36, 95% CI: [-1.32, 0.61], P = 0.4686). Conclusion: our study provides insights into the relationship between BCFAs and the risk of developing MetS, and lays the groundwork for the development of novel biomarkers for diagnosing MetS in the future.
Short communication: Effect of supplementation with <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Shirota on insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, and markers of endothelial function and inflammation in subjects with metabolic syndrome-A pilot study; Based on animal studies, intake of probiotic bacteria was suggested to improve insulin sensitivity by reducing endotoxinemia and inflammation. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of supplementation with the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) over 12 wk on insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction parameters in subjects with metabolic syndrome. In a randomized-controlled study, 30 subjects with metabolic syndrome either received Lactobacillus casei Shirota 3 times daily for 12 wk or served as controls with standard medical therapy. Fasting blood samples were taken and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to derive indices for insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function. In addition, parameters to assess endothelial function and inflammation markers were determined. Even though the insulin sensitivity index significantly improved after 3 mo of probiotic supplementation (0.058 +/- 0.021 vs. 0.038 +/- 0.025), the change was not significantly different compared with the control group. No improvements were seen in additional indices of insulin sensitivity (quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, insulin sensitivity by oral glucose tolerance test, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance) and beta-cell function (first and second phase insulin secretion, and homeostasis model assessment for beta-cell function). Probiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) level (1,614 +/- 343 vs. 1,418 +/- 265 ng/mL). No significant changes in parameters used to assess low-grade inflammation or endothelial dysfunction were observed. Intake of LcS for 12 wk in subjects with metabolic syndrome did not improve insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, endothelial function, or inflammation markers in this trial.
Managing Risk of Non-Communicable Diseases in Women with Bulimia Nervosa or Binge Eating Disorders: A Randomized Trial with 12 Months Follow-Up; Persons with bulimia nervosa (BN) or binge eating disorder (BED) have an elevated risk of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). However, lowering this risk is rarely addressed in standard cognitive-behavioral treatment (CBT). We aimed to compare CBT with an intervention combining physical exercise and dietary therapy (PED-t), and hypothesized that the PED-t would do better than CBT in lowering the risk of NCD both initially and longitudinally. In this study, 164 women with bulimia nervosa or binge eating disorder were randomly assigned to 16-weeks of outpatient group therapy with either PED-t or CBT. Body composition (BC) was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Measures of physical fitness (VO(2)peak and one repetition maximum (1RM) in squats, bench press, and seated row) were also recorded. All measurements were completed baseline, post-treatment, and at 6- and 12-month follow-ups, respectively. Our results showed that PED-t improved more than CBT on mean (99% CI) absolute Vo2peak; 57,2 (84.4, 198.8) mL (g = 0.22, p < 0.001) post-treatment. There were small to medium long-term differences in 1RM after PED-t compared to CBT. BC deteriorated in both groups during follow-up. Neither the PED-t nor the CBT lowered the risk for NCDs. Clearly, other approaches need to be considered to promote physical fitness and lower the risk of NCDs among individuals with BN and BED.
Postprandial Glycemia and Appetite Sensations in Response to Porridge Made with Rolled and Pinhead Oats; Objective: To determine the influence of porridge made with milk, honey, and either rolled oats (R) or pinhead oats (P) on postprandial glycemia and satiety.
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Hormonal Profiles, Biomarkers of Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: To the best of our knowledge, data on effects of probiotic administration on hormonal profiles, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are scarce. This investigation was conducted to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on hormonal profiles, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with PCOS.
The effectiveness of long-term supplementation of carbohydrate, chromium, fibre and caffeine on weight maintenance; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether supplementation of carbohydrate, chromium, dietary fibre and caffeine is effective for maintenance of weight-toss in the long-term.
Antioxidant potentials of vitamin A and carotenoids and their relevance to heart disease; Despite being one of the first vitamins to be discovered, the full range of biological activities for vitamin A remains to be defined. Structurally similar to vitamin A, carotenoids are a group of nearly 600 compounds. Only about 50 of these have provitamin A activity. Recent evidence has shown vitamin A, carotenoids and provitamin A carotenoids can be effective antioxidants for inhibiting the development of heart disease. Vitamin A must be obtained from the diet: green and yellow vegetables, dairy products, fruits and organ meats are some of the richest sources. Within the body, vitamin A can be found as retinol, retinal and retinoic acid. Because all of these forms are toxic at high concentrations, they are bound to proteins in the extracellular fluids and inside cells. Vitamin A is stored primarily as long chain fatty esters and as provitamin carotenoids in the liver, kidney and adipose tissue. The antioxidant activity of vitamin A and carotenoids is conferred by the hydrophobic chain of polyene units that can quench singlet oxygen, neutralize thiyl radicals and combine with and stabilize peroxyl radicals. In general, the longer the polyene chain, the greater the peroxyl radical stabilizing ability. Because of their structures, vitamin A and carotenoids can autoxidize when O-2 tension increases, and thus are most effective antioxidants at low oxygen tensions that are typical of physiological levels found in tissues. Overall, the epidemiological evidence suggests that vitamin A and carotenoids are important dietary factors for reducing the incidence of heart disease. Although there is considerable discrepancy in the results from studies in humans regarding this relationship, carefully controlled experimental studies continue to indicate that these compounds are effective for mitigating and defending against many forms of cardiovascular disease. More work, especially concerning the relevance of how tissue concentrations, rather than plasma levels, relate to the progression of tissue damage in heart disease is required. This review assembles information regarding the basic structure and metabolism of vitamin A and carotenoids as related to their antioxidant activities. Epidemiological, intervention trials and experimental evidence about the effectiveness of vitamin A and carotenoids for reducing cardiovascular disease is also reviewed. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
DIETARY-INTAKE, FOOD-HABITS AND NUTRITION KNOWLEDGE OF ADULTS - A TELEPHONE SURVEY IN HONG-KONG (1990-91); A pilot dietary survey using telephone interview was conducted to evaluate the current dietary intake, food habits and nutrition knowledge of 198 random sample of adults aged between 18-60, and to arouse the awareness of the government, health-related professionals and the public on diet and related diseases. Data collection was undertaken by dietitians and student teachers using a frequency questionnaire through telephone interview. There was a high intake of meat group (approximate to 327 g/d), low intake of rice and cereals (3.8 bowls/d), inadequate consumption of vegetables (3.6 servings/d) and fruits (1.7 servings/d) when compared to the established healthy food guides. Milk intake was only 0.6 cup/d. Processed foods high in animal fat, protein and sodium were popular among the adults. 96% households used pure vegetable oils for cooking, 69% never ate unlicensed street foods, 55% never drank alcohol. 14% were estimated to be obese (BMI: 25-40). Only 43% regularly performed physical exercise more than 45 minutes a week. Considering the repeatedly reported high mean total serum cholesterol of Hongkong adults (5.0-5.5 mmol/L), imprudent dietary practices, and increasing episodes of myocardiac infarction in the younger Hongkong adults, increases in morbidity and mortality from cardio- and cerebrovascular diseases in Hongkong is foreseeable in the future. Thus, before it becomes too late and too costly to combat the diseases, it is necessary to identify the risk factors of degenerative diseases to promote healthy lifestyles, and to establish the healthy eating guidelines and community nutrition education for the population.
Associations between potential causal factors and colorectal cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis of Mendelian randomization studies; ObjectiveTo summarize the associations between potential causal factors and colorectal cancer (CRC) risk based on existing Mendelian randomization studies. MethodsThis systematic review and meta-analysis involved a literature search in Embase and Medline. All published articles using Mendelian randomization to explore potential causal factors of CRC were included. Studies that reported Mendelian randomization estimates of standard deviation changes in exposures were included in the meta-analysis. Subgroup analyses based on sex and anatomical sites were performed. ResultsOne hundred and ninety studies presented in 51 articles were included in systematic review, and 114 studies conducted in 32 articles were included in the meta-analysis. Adult body mass index, waist circumference, waist hip ratio, body height, body fat percentage, arm fat ratio, childhood obesity, lifetime cigarette consumption, short sleep, coffee consumption, and blood levels of vitamin B-12, arachidonic acid, stearic acid, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 were positively associated with CRC risk. Conversely, acceleration-vector-magnitude physical activity, milk consumption, and blood levels of adiponectin, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, oleic acid, palmitoleic acid, interleukin-6 receptor subunit-alpha, and tumor necrosis factor were inversely associated with CRC risk. ConclusionsMost obesity-related anthropometric characteristics, several unhealthy lifestyles, and blood levels of some micronutrients, fatty acids, and diabetes-related biomarkers were positively associated with CRC risk. In contrast, some lifestyles and blood levels of some fatty acids and inflammatory biomarkers were inversely associated with CRC risk. Future studies with more valid genetic variants are needed for factors with discrepancies between Mendelian randomization and epidemiological studies.
Effect of low vitamin A diets with high-moisture or dry corn on marbling and adipose tissue fatty acid composition of beef steers; Angus-cross steers (n = 165; 295 +/- 16 kg of BW) were used evaluate the effect of low vitamin A diets with high-moisture corn (HMC) or dry corn (DC) on marbling and fatty acid composition. Steers were allotted to 24 pens (7 steers/pen), such that each pen had the same average initial BW. Treatments were randomly allotted to the pens. The experiment had a completely randomized design, with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments: low vitamin A (Lo, no supplemental vitamin A) and HMC (LoHMC); LoDC; high vitamin A (Hi, supplemented with 2,200 IU of vitamin A/kg of DM) and HMC (HiHMC); and HiDC. Diets contained 76% corn, 10% corn silage, 11% protein supplement, and 3% soybean oil (DM basis). Samples of feed ingredients were collected for carotenoid analysis. Blood samples were collected for serum retinol determination. Steers were slaughtered after 145 d on feed. Carcass characteristics and LM composition were determined. Samples from the s.c. fat depot were analyzed for fatty acid composition. High-moisture corn had a greater vitamin A content, based on its carotenoid content, than DC (614 vs. 366 IU/kg of DM, P < 0.01). No vitamin A x corn type interactions were detected for feedlot performance, carcass characteristics, or serum, s.c. fat, or liver retinol concentration. Average daily gain, DMI, and GY were not affected by vitamin A (P > 0.05). Marbling score and USDA quality grade were greater (P < 0.05) in Lo vs. Hi steers. Hot carcass weight, backfat, and yield grade were not affected by the treatments (P > 0.05). Vitamin A and corn type did not affect LM composition (DM, ash, CP, or ether-extractable fat, P > 0.05). Vitamin A supplementation increased (P < 0.06) serum retinol on d 112 and 145 and increased (P < 0.01) liver retinol at slaughter (Lo = 38.7 vs. Hi = 102.9 mu g/g). The s.c. fat retinol concentrations were less (P < 0.01) for Lo (0.8 mu g/g) than for Hi (1.4 mu g/g) at slaughter. Cell diameter of adipocytes in the i.m. depot was not affected by dietary vitamin A (P > 0.05). A vitamin A x corn type interaction was observed (P < 0.05) for the s.c. fat cellularity. Feeding HMC increased the number of cells per square millimeter when Lo diets were fed (LoHMC = 128 vs. LoDC = 100 cells/mm(2), P < 0.05), but not when Hi diets were fed (HiHMC = 109 vs. HiDC = 111 cells/mm(2), p > 0.05). The CLA content of adipose tissue was not affected by the treatments. Regardless of the corn type used, feeding low vitamin A diets for 145 d to Angus-cross steers increased marbling and quality grade without affecting yield grade, animal health, or performance.
The glycaemic index and insulinaemic index of commercially available breakfast and snack foods in an Asian population; A low-glycaemic-index (GI) breakfast has been shown to lower blood glucose levels throughout the day. A wide variety of breakfast foods are consumed, but their GI values are largely unknown, hence limiting consumers' ability to select healthier options. This study investigated the GI values of ten common breakfast (five Asian and five Western) foods in this region using a randomised, cross-over study design. Participants arrived after an overnight fast, and fasting blood sample was taken before participants consumed test foods. Next, blood samples were taken at fixed intervals for 180 min. Glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to test foods were calculated as incremental AUC over 120 min, which were subsequently reported as glycaemic and insulinaemic indices. In all, nineteen healthy men (nine Chinese and ten Indians) aged 24.7 (SEM 0.4) years with a BMI of 21.7 (SEM 0.4) kg/m(2) completed the study. Asian breakfast foods were of medium (white bun filled with red bean paste= 58 (SEM 4); Chinese steamed white bun = 58 (SEM 3)) to high GI (rice idli = 85 (SEM 4); rice dosa =76 (SEM 5); upma = 71 (SEM 6)), whereas Western breakfast foods were all of low GI (whole-grain biscuit= 54 (SEM 5); whole-grain biscuit filled with peanut butter = 44 (SEM 3); whole-grain oat muesli = 55 (SEM 4); whole-grain oat protein granola = 51 (SEM 4); whole-grain protein cereal = 49 (SEM 3)). The GI of test foods negatively correlated with protein (r(s) - 0.366), fat (r(s) - 0.268) and dietary fibre (r(s) - 0.422) (all P<0.001). GI values from this study contribute to the worldwide. GI database, and may assist healthcare professionals in recommending low-GI breakfast to assist in lower daily glycaemia among Asians who are susceptible to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Health Effects of Calcium: Evidence From Mendelian Randomization Studies; Calcium is widely used in conjunction with vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis. The use of calcium supplementation is also promoted for its potential benefits in lowering the risk for metabolic syndromes and cancers. However, the causal link between calcium and various health outcomes remains unclear. This review focuses on the evidence from 24 Mendelian randomization (MR) studies that were designed to minimize bias from confounding and reverse causation. These MR studies evaluated the effect of lifelong genetically higher serum calcium levels on various health outcomes. Overall, available MR studies found no conclusive effects of serum calcium levels on bone mineral density and fracture, ischemic stroke and heart failure, cancers, type 2 diabetes, Parkinson disease, or offspring birth weight. However, a higher serum calcium concentration was reported to have estimated causal effects on increased risks for coronary artery disease (especially myocardial infarction), migraine, renal colic, allergy/adverse effect of penicillin, and reduced risks for osteoarthrosis and osteoarthritis. In conclusion, supplementation of calcium in individuals from the general population is not predicted to influence the risk of most investigated diseases to date. Moreover, long-term high serum calcium concentrations may result in adverse health outcomes. (c) 2021 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Changes in high-density lipoprotein-carried miRNA contribution to the plasmatic pool after consumption of dietary <i>trans</i> fat in healthy men; Aim: High-density lipoproteins (HDLs) are associated to cardioprotection and transport functional miRNAs in circulation. The aim of this study is to assess whether consumption of trans fatty acids (TFAs) modifies the HDL-carried miRNA concentration and their contribution to the plasmatic pool. Methods: In a double-blind, randomized crossover controlled study, nine healthy men were fed each of three isoenergetic 4-week diets: first, rich in industrial TFAs; second, rich in TFAs from ruminants; third, low in TFAs. miRNAs were extracted from plasma and purified HDLs, and quantified by the real-time quantitative PCR (n = 87). Results: Seven HDL-carried miRNAs contributed to more than 15% of the plasmatic pool. Although no significant difference in HDL-carried miRNA concentration among diets was observed after adjustment for multiple testing, changes in the contribution to the plasmatic pool between diets were observed for miR-124-3p, miR-375, miR-150-5p and miR-31-5p (p(FDR) < 0.05). These miRNAs were enriched in lipid metabolism pathways. Conclusion: These microtranscriptomic variants might reflect physiological changes in HDL functions in response to diet.
Effect of supplementing rumen-protected fat during the second half of gestation on maternal performance and metabolism in ewes during pregnancy and subsequent lactation; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of supplementing ewes' diet with calcium salts of soybean oil (CSSO) during the second half of gestation on their nutritional, metabolic, and physiological parameters. Additionally, it also aimed to assess the their offspring's sex effect and its interaction with rumen-protected fat. To achieve this, 30 multiparous hair ewes pregnant from a single fetus and weighing 44.1 +/- 6.9 kg were randomly divided into two feeding regimens at 75 days of gestation: (1) Control (CON; n = 16), which received a basal diet that met the basic nutritional requirements of ewes gestating a single fetus, and (2) CSSO (n = 14), which received the basal diet plus calcium salts of soybean oil at a level of 1.5 g per kg of body weight (5 % inclusion based on dry matter). The ewes and their offspring were kept together after birth, and lambs were weaned once they reached 20 kg of body weight. Results showed that CSSO ewes were heavier during late gestation and had higher body weight at lactation than CON ewes (P = 0.05). However, CSSO ewes showed an earlier decline in dry matter intake during late gestation (P = 0.05). CSSO ewes also had greater apparent total tract digestibility of ether extract (P < 0.01) and tended to have lower fat milk concentration by approximately 17 % (P = 0.08). In terms of gene expression, CSSO ewes had greater CPT2 expression and ACACA mRNA levels in the subcutaneous adipose tissue (P = 0.08 and P = 0.04, respectively). ACACA mRNA expressions in the maternal liver tissue were also greater (P = 0.01) for CSSO ewes gestating female offspring. However, liver mRNA expressions of IGF1, PC, PCK1, GK, and PPARy were similar between feeding regimens (P > 0.05). Lambs from CSSO ewes were born 0.57 kg heavier than those from CON ewes (P = 0.01) and tended to be weaned at an younger age (P = 0.06). Additionally, CSSO lambs had greater MyoG expression than CON lambs (P = 0.05). In summary, the supplementation of ewes' diet with CSSO during the second half of gestation shows promise as a technology to enhance fetal development, as well as improve long-term maternal and offspring performance.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet in Morocco and its correlates: cross-sectional analysis of a sample of the adult Moroccan population; Background: Dietary habits in Morocco are changing and the causes are not well understood. This study aimed to analyse socio-demographic factors associated with adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) in a national random sample of the adult Moroccan population.
MyPlate, Half-Plate, and No Plate: How Visual Plate-Related Dietary Benchmarks Influence What Food People Serve; Introduction
Effects of deprivation on hedonics and reinforcing value of food; Eating is influenced by both the hedonic preferences and reinforcing value of food. Incentive salience theory predicts these are separate influences. This study tested whether hedonics reliably change as a function of increasing the reinforcing value of food by deprivation in 17 non-obese, non-dietary restrained females. Baseline measures of hedonics for pleasant (chocolate milk), unpleasant (lemon juice) and neutral (water) tastes were determined under deprived conditions. Participants were then randomly assigned to fed or maintained in deprived conditions, and after food consumption, a second determination of hedonics was obtained, followed by assessing the reinforcing value of food. Hedonics was measured by subjective ratings and behavioral observations in a taste reactivity paradigm. Results showed food was more reinforcing for the deprived than the fed group, but no influences of group were observed for the subjective or objective hedonic measures. These results suggest that hedonics and the reinforcing value of food are separate processes in humans, and they may independently influence eating behavior. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
The protective effect of social support: Can humans reassure pigs during stressful challenges through social learning?; Farm animals can socially learn to trust a human after observing that human handling a familiar conspecific gently, even if they never positively interacted with the human themselves. This study aimed to evaluate whether pigs are reassured by a human during a stressful challenge, having previously acquired a positive perception of the human by witnessing the gentle handling of a high or low socially ranked conspecific. Additionally, the effectiveness of reducing pigs' stress response based on the degree of human familiarity was examined. Seventyfive pigs (21 days old, 5.6 +/- 0.2 kg) housed in 15 nursery pens (5 pigs/pen) were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups (5 pens/treatment): Dominant Demonstrator Group (DDG), Subordinate Demonstrator Group (SDG), and Control Group (CG). Pigs from DDG and SDG observed a high or low socially ranked conspecific ("demonstrator"), respectively, while the demonstrator received gentle handling consisting of stroking for 10 minutes and a sucrose solution twice a day for 5 weeks. The CG received minimal human contact required for feeding, cleaning, and health examination. Following the treatment period, pig behavior was evaluated in response to a familiar (handlers involved in treatments) or an unfamiliar person (unknown human) in a social support test, consisting of physical restraint in a cage for 3 minutes while the person provided stroking, followed by the release of the animal into a test pen for 1 minute. Data were analyzed using a mixed linear model in R Software. Post-hoc comparisons were conducted using the Tukey test. Both DDG (P = 0.009) and SDG pigs (P = 0.005) showed a greater frequency of behavioral reactions reflecting restlessness when tested with an unfamiliar human compared to a familiar human, whereas CG pigs exhibited no differences (P = 0.74). Moreover, when tested with their familiar human, DDG (P = 0.0001) and SDG pigs (P = 0.001) remained calm for longer compared to CG. When pigs were released from the cage by their familiar human, SDG (P = 0.0006) and DDG pigs (P = 0.001) contacted the human sooner compared to CG. Subordinate demonstrator group (P = 0.0007) and DDG (P < 0.0001) pigs also spent more time investigating the familiar human in comparison to CG. No differences in behavioral reactions based on the demonstrator's social rank were observed. In conclusion, the positive perception of humans acquired by pigs through social learning persists in aversive situations and can lead to positive reassurance by familiar humans during stressful events.
A Daily Glass of Red Wine and Lifestyle Changes Do Not Affect Arterial Blood Pressure and Heart Rate in Patients with Carotid Arteriosclerosis after 4 and 20 Weeks; Background: Regular consumption of small amounts of red wine improves blood lipids. However, there is concern whether this beneficial effect might be counterbalanced by an increase in blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR), which are risk factors for cerebro-cardiovascular disease. In particular, we studied whether regular consumption of red wine with and without lifestyle changes (LC; healthy diet and physical activity advice) results in an increase in BP and HR. Methods: A prospective, unblinded randomized trial was performed in 108 patients (67% men) with carotid atherosclerosis documented by ultrasound, a mean BP of 122/79 mm Hg and a mean HR of 71 bpm at inclusion in the study. Sixty-eight percent were known and treated hypertensives. The mean 24-hour BP at baseline was 122/79 mm Hg. Half of the study participants, the control group, was seen by a nurse at baseline, after 4 and after 20 weeks, and was instructed not to change their eating and physical activity habits. In the other half, a dietician performed five sessions of 30 min each (at baseline, after 1 week and after 2, 3 and 4 weeks) giving advice on healthy eating based on a Mediterranean diet and physical exercise. The recommendations given were the following: 5 portions of fruit/vegetables per day, a diet low in absolute fat, a preference of vegetable oil (olive or rapeseed oil), whole-grain products, poultry, low-fat dairy products, 1 fat and 1 lean fish meal per week, reduced consumption of red meat, and avoidance of pork, ready-made meals, sugar and excessive salt intake. In addition, regular consumption of 1 bar of dark chocolate (25 g, > 70% of cacao), 1-2 tomatoes, and 3-5 walnuts as well as at least 30 min of moderate daily physical activity were recommended. Within these two groups, half of the patients were randomized either to avoid alcohol completely or to drink 100 ml (women) or 200 ml of red wine (men) daily. Results: Neither LC nor red wine had an effect on the mean systolic and diastolic 24-hour BP and HR after 4 and 20 weeks, as analyzed by general linear modeling. No difference was found for diurnal and nocturnal values. Conclusions: The possible beneficial effect of regular consumption of small amounts of red wine is not counterbalanced in the long term by an increase in the mean BP or HR in mainly normotensive and well-treated hypertensive patients with carotid atherosclerosis, neither in the patients given healthy lifestyle advice nor in those with a standard lifestyle. Yet, we remain cautious about actively advice patients to drink alcohol regularly given the well-known risks. (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Concentrations of conjugated linoleic acid (<i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11-octadecadienoic acid) are not increased in tissue lipids of cattle fed a hiph-concentrate diet supplemented with soybean oil; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a mixture of isomers of linoleic acid, has many beneficial effects, including decreased tumor growth in animal cancer models. The cis-9, trans-11 isomer of CLA (CLA9,11) can be formed in the rumen as an intermediate in biohydrogenation of linoleic acid. Recent data, however, indicate that tissue desaturation of transfatty acids is an important source of CLA9,11 in milk. Our objective was to determine whether supplementing a high-corn diet with soybean oil (SBO; a source of linoleic acid) would increase concentrations of CLA in ruminal contents and tissue lipids. Four ruminally cannulated steers were utilized in a Latin square design with 28-d periods. A control diet (80% cracked corn, 2.0% corn steep liquor, 8.0% ground corn cobs, and 10% supplement [soybean meal, ground shelled corn, minerals, and vitamins]) was supplemented with 2.5, 5.0, or 7.5% (DM basis) SBO. Supplemental SBO did not affect ruminal pH or concentrations of the major VFA. The proportion and amount (mg FA/g DM ruminal contents) of CLA9,11 were not increased by increasing dietary SBO. However, the proportion and amount of the trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomer (CLA10,12) in ruminal contents increased linearly (P < 0.006) as dietary SBO increased. Trans-18:1 isomers in ruminal contents increased linearly (P < 0.02) as dietary SBO increased. The proportion of CLA10,12 was correlated positively (P < 0.001) with proportions of trans-C 18: 1 isomers in ruminal contents. Conversely, CLA9,11 was correlated negatively (P < 0.05) with the proportions of trans-18:1 in ruminal contents. The same high-corn diet, supplemented with 0 or 5% SBO, was fed to 20 Angus-Wagyu heifers for 102 d in a randomized complete block design to determine the effect of added SBO on tissue deposition of CLA. Supplemental SBO did not affect feed intake, gain:feed, or carcass quality. Tissue samples were obtained from the hindquarter, loin, forequarter, liver, large and small intestine, and subcutaneous, mesenteric, and perirenal adipose depots. The concentration of CLA9,11 was greatest in subcutaneous adipose tissue but was not affected in any tissue by SBO. Supplementing high-corn diets with SBO does not increase CLA9,11 concentrations in tissues of fattening heifers. Research is needed to identify regulatory factors for pathways of biohydrogenation that lead to increased concentrations of CLA10,12 in ruminal contents when high-oil, high-concentrate diets are fed.
Changing dietary patterns in the Canadian Arctic: Frequency of consumption of foods and beverages by Inuit in three Nunavut communities; Background. Inuit in Arctic regions are experiencing a rapid diet and lifestyle transition. There are limited data on food consumption patterns among this unique population, raising concerns about assessing the risk for the development of diet-related chronic diseases. Objective. To assess the current frequency of consumption of foods and beverages among Inuit in Nunavut, Arctic Canada.
Metabolic Programming: Effects of Early Nutrition on Growth, Metabolism and Body Composition; High protein requirements of premature infants during the first weeks of postnatal life are a well-established fact. Those infants gain fat-free mass and protein rapidly during the first weeks of postnatal growth and require a much higher protein/energy ratio than term infants. Recommended protein intakes are 3.5-4.0 g/kg per day. For term infants, on the other hand, FAO and WHO have recently lowered recommended protein intakes to better reflect our current knowledge about the protein concentration in breast milk during the first 12 months of lactation. Longitudinal randomized clinical trials now confirm that term infants who are fed infant and follow-up formulas with protein concentrations >2.25 g/100 kcal (high protein formulas) during the first year of life grow faster than indicated by the WHO growth standards. Rapid weight gain during infancy is a predictor of childhood and adult obesity. Infants fed high protein quality formulas with protein concentrations of 1.6-2.2 g/100 kcal from 3 to 4 months onwards experience weight gain that is very close to that of breastfed infants. Biomarkers (insulin or IGF-1) of infants receiving low protein formulas differ from those of infants receiving high protein formulas. Six-year-old children who received low protein formulas in the first year of life had a lower risk of childhood obesity (BMI >95th percentile of WHO standards) compared with children who received high protein formulas as infants. BMI at 5 years of age is similar in children who were breastfed or received low protein formulas as infants. It is most important that the new low protein formulas are safe and adequate for all healthy term infants. Based on new protein technologies, the levels of essential and branched-chain amino acids in low protein formulas are now close to those in breast milk. Safety has been confirmed by following anthropometric parameters to 5-6 years of age and comparing these parameters with the WHO growth standards. Body composition measurements indicate similar protein accretion between 3 and 6 months of age in infants fed high or low protein formulas. Longitudinal data on body composition indicate that children who received a low protein formula until age 12 months gain less fat between 6 and 60 months than children who received a high protein formula. Breastfeeding and the use of low/high protein quality formulas in term infants who cannot be breastfed can help support appropriate metabolic programming during this critical period and reduce the risk of later obesity. (c) 2016 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel
Mulberry leaf extract decreases digestion and absorption of starch in healthy subjects-A randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study; Purpose: Mulberry (Morus alba L.) leaf tea has recently received much attention as a dietary supplement due to the wide range of putative health benefits, such as antidiabetic effects. Nevertheless, data evaluating its influence on carbohydrate metabolism in humans are scarce. The present study aims to investigate the effect of mulberry leaf extract supplementation on starch digestion and absorption in humans.
Effects of sunflower seed inclusion in finishing diets for steers on performance, carcass characteristics, muscle and adipose fatty acid composition and meat quality; The effectiveness of dietary sunflower seeds (SFS) in finishing diets composed of different components for beef cattle on increasing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers in beef was evaluated in a completely randomized design experiment with non-implanted, crossbred steers. Steers were individually fed six finishing diets (n = 12 per diet), to determine the effects of SFS inclusion, at 15% of diet dry matter (DM), on production performance, carcass characteristics, fatty acid (FA) profile of subcutaneous fat from the brisket and fat from the pars costalis diaphragmatis (PCD) muscle, and meat quality. On a DM basis, the control diet (1) contained 84% rolled barley and 15% barley silage, in diet 2 the barley silage was replaced with SFS, in diets 3, 4 and 5 the silage was linearly replaced from 15 to 7.5 to 0% with chopped alfalfa hay, and they all contained 15% SFS. Diets 5 and 6 were identical in composition, but the hay and SFS were included as a pellet. The higher fat and weight percent of linoleic acid (66% of total FA) of SFS supplemented diets over the control diet (51%), resulted in increased fat, energy and linoleic acid intake. Body weights at the initiation (434.2 +/- 5.1kg) and end (596.2 +/- 7.8 kg) of the trial were similar for steers fed all treatment diets. Dietary inclusion of SFS reduced dry matter intake (DMI) (P = 0.005) and ADG (P = 0.02) of steers to 8.9 and 1.0 kg d(-1) compared with steers fed the control diet (10.2 and 1.2 kg d(-1), respectively), but the feed conversion efficiency was unaffected. Back fat depth of steers fed SFS-containing diets was reduced (P = 0.02) to 13.8 from 17.0 mm for steers fed diet 1. Dietary supplementation with SFS increased weight percent both CLA isomers (CLA cis-9, trans-11 and CLA trans-10, cis-12) in fat from the PCD muscle (0.43 versus 0.22%; P = 0.001) and brisket fat (0.74 versus 0.44%; P = 0.0004), with the increase being greatest in steers fed the silage-free diets. Increase in weight percent of vaccenic acid was highest in tissues of steers fed hay along with SFS (11.7%) or barley and SFS (11.8%) relative to those fed the control diet (2.12%). Meat from steers fed the treatment diets was observed to have a higher (P = 0.02) juiciness scores, while initial tenderness (P = 01) and overall tenderness (P = 0.08) tended to be higher compared with beef from control steers. The steaks from the SFS-fed steers appeared to have a darker colour relative to steaks from control steers on day-7 (P < 0.0001). Feeding SFS in finishing diets of steers had little influence on meat discoloration, retail acceptance and Thio-barbituric acid reactive substances. Supplementation of finishing diets for steers with SFS increased content of CLA isomers and vaccenic acid in tissues, without affecting feed conversion efficiency or meat quality, especially when incorporated into silage-free diets.
Pre-meal and postprandial lipaemia in subjects with the metabolic syndrome: effects of timing and protein quality (randomised crossover trial); Non-fasting TAG - postprandial lipaemia (PPL) - are to a higher degree associated with cardiovascular risk compared with fasting TAG. Dietary protein, especially whey proteins (WP), may lower PPL. We hypothesised that a WP pre-meal (17 center dot 6 g protein) consumed 15 v. 30 min before a fat-rich meal reduces the PPL response in subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and that a WP pre-meal has more potent effects than casein and gluten pre-meals. A total of sixteen subjects with the MetS completed an acute, randomised, crossover trial. WP pre-meals were consumed 15 and 30 min, and casein and gluten 15 min before a fat-rich meal. Blood samples were drawn 360 min postprandially to determine metabolite and hormone responses, S-paracetamol (for assessment of gastric emptying) and amino acids. Insulin and glucagon responses were affected by both timing and protein type (for all P <0 center dot 01), with significantly higher concentrations for WP given at -15 min than WP at -30 min and higher responses compared with gluten for the first 30 min after pre-meal consumption (for all P <0 center dot 05). The PPL responses changed neither by timing nor by protein type. Glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide but not glucagon-like peptide 1 responses differed between the three protein types. S-paracetamol concentration was higher for WP (-30 min) than for WP (-15 min) 15 min after the main meal (P = 0 center dot 028), and higher for casein and gluten than for WP at time point 30 min (for all P <0 center dot 05). In conclusion, the PPL response was not changed by ingestion of a 17 center dot 6 g protein pre-meal, whereas both timing and protein quality affected hormone secretion (insulin and glucagon).
Effect of conjugated linoleic acids from beef or industrial hydrogenation on growth and adipose tissue characteristics of rats; Background: The conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content of beef can be increased by supplementing appropriate beef cattle diets with vegetable oil or oil seed. Yet the effect of consumption of such beef on adipose tissue characteristics is unclear, thus the study was conducted to compare adipose tissue responses of rats to diets containing beef from steers either not provided or provided the oil supplements to alter CLA composition of the fat in muscle.
Metabolic Responses of Healthy or Prediabetic Adults to Bovine Whey Protein and Sodium Caseinate Do Not Differ; Background: Casein is considered a slowly digestible protein compared with whey protein, and this may cause differences in hormone responses and the kinetics of delivering amino acids into the circulation.
Obestatin Reduces Intestinal Damage in Experimental Necrotizing Enterocolitis in Newborn Rats; Objective To investigate the effect of pretreatment with obestatin (OB), an endogenous hormone also found in mother's milk, in experimental necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Study Design Pups were randomized into four groups: control, OB-control, NEC, and OB-NEC. NEC was induced by asphyxia and hypothermia in the NEC and OB-NEC groups. OB was administered to the OB-control and OB-NEC groups. Macroscopic scoring of the intestinal tract was evaluated and tissue samples were obtained for histopathological and biochemical examination on the fourth day. Results OB improved the macroscopic appearance of the gut and the clinical score during the experiment ( p < 0.05). The rate of occurrence of NEC in the OB-NEC group was lower than the NEC group ( p = 0.001). OB prevented necrosis and reduced the number of apoptotic cells in the OB-NEC group compared with the NEC group ( p = 0.006). Furthermore, interleukin-6 and malondialdehyde levels in the OB-NEC group were lower than the NEC group ( p < 0.05). Conclusion OB reduced intestinal damage and prevented necrosis through anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic effects in experimental NEC. This effect of OB should be confirmed in clinical studies. Furthermore, future research should investigate whether OB plays a role in NEC pathogenesis or NEC is associated with OB levels in the serum and in breast milk.
The probiotic<i> L.</i><i> casei</i><i> Zhang</i> slows the progression of acute and chronic kidney disease; The relationship between gut microbial dysbiosis and acute or chronic kidney disease (CKD) is still unclear. Here, we show that oral administration of the probiotic Lactobacillus casei Zhang (L. casei Zhang) corrected bilateral renal ischemia-reperfusion (I/R)-induced gut microbial dysbiosis, alleviated kidney injury, and delayed its progression to CKD in mice. L. casei Zhang elevated the levels of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and nicotinamide in the serum and kidney, resulting in reduced renal inflammation and damage to renal tubular epithelial cells. We also performed a 1-year phase 1 placebo-controlled study of oral L. casei Zhang use (Chinese clinical trial registry, ChiCTR-INR-17013952), which was well tolerated and slowed the decline of kidney function in individuals with stage 3-5 CKD. These results show that oral administration of L. casei Zhang, by altering SCFAs and nicotinamide metabolism, is a potential therapy to mitigate kidney injury and slow the progression of renal decline.
Nutrients, foods, dietary patterns and telomere length: Update of epidemiological studies and randomized trials; Identifying simple strategies to prevent or delay age-associated pathologies is a major public health concern. Attrition of telomeres, chromatin structures that help maintain genome stability, leads to cell death or senescence. Thus telomere length is a reliable hallmark of biological aging and the risk of developing age-related chronic diseases through common oxidation and inflammation mechanisms. Variability in telomere shortening that is independent of chronological age suggests that it is a modifiable factor, which may be explained in part by lifestyle variables such as smoking, adiposity, physical exercise, and diet. Here we summarize data from published studies focused on nutrition (nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns) and telomere length. Research on the topic is incipient and most data comes from epidemiologic studies, often cross-sectional in design. Consistent with well-known evidence of benefit or harm for chronic age-related diseases, dietary antioxidants and consumption of antioxidant-rich, plant-derived foods help maintain telomere length. In contrast, total and saturated fat intake and consumption of refined flour cereals, meat and meat products, and sugar-sweetened beverages relate to shorter telomeres. Data on alcohol and dairy products is controversial. There is evidence that adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with longer telomeres. Randomized clinical trials are limited to seafood-derived long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, with promising results. To fill the many gaps in our knowledge of the aging process and confirm nutrition as a useful tool to counteract biological aging more research is warranted, particularly observational studies using repeated measurements of telomere length and randomized trials of foods and dietary patterns with sequential telomere analyses. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of physiological stage and nutritional management on some serum metabolite concentrations in Assaf ovine breed; The Assaf breed represents a small percentage of the total dairy ovine census in the Castilla-Leon region and there are no studies conducted solely on this breed for understanding their physiology, nutritional requirements, diseases, management and appropiate breeding methods. The aim of the present report is to evaluate and to comment, in field conditions on, the nutritional management developed in a flock of Assaf ewes, studying the effects on energy metabolism during different physiological conditions (Anoestrus, Pregnancy and Lactation). On the other hand, the effect of litter size was also recorded. The study was conducted on thirty-five ewes of the Assaf breed housed in an intensive management system and randomly assigned to experimental and control groups, the latter divided into singles and twins. All the animals were housed irm the same environmental conditions, and received the same diet The metabolic parameters measured were serum glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides and NEFA. Our results demonstrate that it is important to consider two critical moments: firstly, the early pregnancy period, where the administration of a maintenance diet based on low-energy foods (alfalfa hay) is not enough for energy demands, as was shown by the significant decrease in glucose and triglyceride values; and secondly, late pregnancy, where excessive concentrate intake must be avoided in order to prevent future metabolic diseases and obesity. It has been observed that serum glucose and NEFA values are influenced more by nutritional management than by physiological conditions.
Protein supplements after weight loss do not improve weight maintenance compared with recommended dietary protein intake despite beneficial effects on appetite sensation and energy expenditure: a randomized, controlled, double-blinded trial; Background: High-protein diets increase weight loss (WL) during energy restriction; therefore, it has been suggested that additional protein intake may improve weight maintenance (WM) after WL.
Salivary gland cancer: An exploratory analysis of dietary factors; This study was an exploratory analysis of dietary and other risk factors for primary salivary gland cancer in a population-based case-control study in Ontario, Canada. Cases were men and women diagnosed between 1995 and 1996 with a first primary cancer of the salivary gland, identified through the Ontario Cancer Registry. Controls were an age-matched random sample of the population of Ontario, identified through property assessment files. Cases (n = 91) and controls (n = 1897) completed a self-administered questionnaire with information on diet, smoking, height and weight, and other lifestyle and socio-demographic factors. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Among dietary variables, high relative to low intakes of alcohol (OR: 1.26; 95% CI: 0.68-2.35), fruits (OR: 1.26; 95% CI: 0.68-2.33), sweets (OR: 1.66; 95% CI: 0.85-3.25), dairy (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 0.77-2.58), and starchy foods (OR: 1.78; 95% CI: 0.96-3.3) were associated with non-statistically significant increased risk of salivary gland cancer; whereas vegetables and meats were linked with non-statistically significant decreased risks of the disease. Among non-diet factors, male sex, obese BMI, exposure to occupational radiation, family history of cancer, and household income were suggestive of increased disease risk. Future work with larger numbers of cases are needed to further explore these associations.
Primary prevention of diabetes: What can be done and how much can be prevented?; Although it is widely believed that type 2 diabetes mellitus is the result of a complex interplay between genetic and environmental factors, compelling evidence from epidemiologic studies indicates that the current worldwide diabetes epidemic is largely due to changes in diet and lifestyle. Prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that type 2 diabetes can be prevented largely through moderate diet and lifestyle modifications. Excess adiposity is the most important risk factor for diabetes, and thus, maintaining a healthy body weight and avoiding weight gain during adulthood is the cornerstone of diabetes prevention. Increasing physical activity and reducing sedentary behaviors such as prolonged TV watching are important both for maintaining body weight and improving insulin sensitivity. There is increasing evidence that the quality of fat and carbohydrate plays a more important role than does the quantity, and thus, public health strategies should emphasize replacing saturated and trans fats with unsaturated fats and replacing refined grain products with whole grains. Recent studies have also suggested a potential role for coffee, dairy, nuts, magnesium, and calcium in preventing diabetes. Overall, a healthy diet, together with regular physical activity, maintenance of a healthy weight, moderate alcohol consumption, and avoidance of sedentary behaviors and smoking, could nearly eliminate type 2 diabetes. However, there is still a wide gap between what we know and what we practice in the field of public health; how to narrow that gap remains a major public health challenge.
The Jacki Jacket after mastectomy with reconstruction: a randomized pilot study; Background Breast cancer patients undergoing mastectomy with reconstruction (TM + R) often experience post-operative discomfort from surgical drains. Despite a variety of garment options for use in the post-operative period, high-quality data assessing the impact of specific garments on post-operative pain are lacking. We report the results of a prospective randomized trial assessing the impact of the Jacki Jacket (JJ), a long-sleeve jacket with inner drain receptacle pockets, on post-discharge pain and quality of life (QOL) after TM + R. Methods Breast cancer patients undergoing TM + R at a single institution were randomized post-operatively to receive a JJ or usual care (UC). Participant-reported demographics, pain intensity, and QOL were collected on post-operative day 1 (T1). Following discharge, participants completed a daily pain and medication dairy (T2); on day of drain(s) removal (T3), participants again completed pain and QOL questionnaires. Linear models were used to evaluate associations between JJ use, post-operative pain, and QOL. Results From 3/8/17 to 12/20/17, 139 women were randomized. All participants completed T1 measures, 102 returned the T2 diary, and 118 (84.9%) completed T3 questionnaires. There was no significant difference in pain scores between JJ and UC arms at any timepoint. Adjusting for surgery type, age, marital status, depression, and obesity, participants randomized to JJ reported significantly better body image scores (estimate = 12.94, p = 0.009). There were no adverse events. Conclusions Although JJ garment use did not impact post-operative pain intensity scores, the significant impact of JJ use on body image supports consideration for inclusion of such garments in post-operative care for patients undergoing TM + R.
Sequential Feeding of Lipid Supplement Enriches Beef Adipose Tissues with 18:3n-3 Biohydrogenation Intermediates; The present study was designed to determine if feeding steers extruded flaxseed and hay (25 and 75%; DM basis) together as a total mixed ration (TMR), or sequentially (non-TMR) would result in different enrichments of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and their biohydrogenation intermediates (BHI) in beef adipose tissues [subcutaneous (SC) vs perirenal (PR) fat]. Forty-eight Angus cross steers (325 +/- 16 kg) were stratified by weight to six pens, and pens were randomized to either TMR or non-TMR and fed ad libitum for an average of 242 days. The concentrations of alpha-linolenic acid increased by 18 mol% in both SC and PR in non-TMR steers compared to TMR steers (P < 0.01). trans 18:1 isomers were more concentrated in PR than SC (14.4 vs 9.5 mol%; P < 0.01) and increased by 10 mol% in both fat depots for non-TMR (P < 0.01). Other BHI including non-methylene-interrupted 18:2 (atypical dienes), conjugated linoleic acids and conjugated linolenic acids (CLnA) were affected by diet x tissue interactions (P < 0.01). The CLnA and CLA contents were higher in both fat depots when feeding the non-TMR, but the effect of diet was more pronounced in PR than in SC (P < 0.01). Atypical dienes were highest in PR from non-TMR and lowest in TMR fed steers (4.3 and 3.6 mol%) with SC contents being intermediate. The sequential feeding of lipid supplement can thus profoundly affect the enrichment of PUFA and their BHI in beef fat and their differentially enrichment is also fat depot dependant.
A paleolithic diet is more satiating per calorie than a mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischemic heart disease; Background: We found marked improvement of glucose tolerance and lower dietary energy intake in ischemic heart disease (IHD) patients after advice to follow a Paleolithic diet, as compared to a Mediterranean-like diet. We now report findings on subjective ratings of satiety at meals and data on the satiety hormone leptin and the soluble leptin receptor from the same study.
Evaluation of the Quality of Evidence of the Association of Foods and Nutrients With Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes A Systematic Review; IMPORTANCE Poor diet is a leading global factor associated with cardiometabolic disease (CMD). Understanding the quality of evidence of the associations between specific dietary factors and CMD, including effect size (relative risk [RR]) and uncertainty, is essential to guide policy and consumer actions to achieve healthy diet and public health goals.
Physical, textural and sensory characteristics of reduced sucrose cakes, incorporated with clean-label sugar-replacing alternative ingredients; High levels of sucrose in foods present a great risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Therefore a low sucrose intake is strongly recommended. Sweet baked products incorporate high levels of sucrose. Sucrose in the original cake formulation was reduced and replaced with apple pomace, whey permeate, oligofructose, polydextrose. An acceptable sucrose reduction of between 21 and 27% was achieved. Cakes containing apple pomace had the lowest specific volume (1.8 cm(3)/g) and highest crumb firmness (8.60 N) (P < .05). Apple pomace and whey permeate had a significantly decreased L* values of the crust (P < .05). Moisture content of the cake crumb was increased significantly with the addition of oligofructose, whey permeate and polydextrose. All treatments resulted in a significant increase of the water activity of the cake crumb compared to the control (P < .05). Crumb cell structure was maintained as shown by 2-D and confocal imaging. Sensory trials revealed the reformulated cakes were acceptable to panellists.
Nutritional and lifestyle changes required for minimizing the recovery period in home quarantined COVID-19 patients of Punjab, Pakistan; The COVID-19 pandemic has introduced a new battle in human history for a safe and fearless life. Therefore, this cross-sectional survey was conducted (Punjab, Pakistan) on healthy recovered, home quarantined COVID-19 patients to draw conclusive health support guidelines in the fight against this pandemic. COVID-19 recovered patients (n = 80) of age 14 years were randomly selected during the period November 2020 to February 2021. A nutrition and lifestyle changes questionnaire, containing ten sections and seventy questions, was completed through the telephone/WhatsApp. Data were transferred into an Excel spreadsheet and statistically analyzed by applying chi-square, correlation, and a t test of independent values using SPSS-16 software. The patients had an age range of 14 to 80 years, of which 52 (65%) were male and 28 (35%) were female, and 32 (40%) had a normal BMI. The patients had a peak COVID-19 recovery period of 2 weeks, and a mean recovery period of 2.8 +/- 1.4 weeks. Certain variables, including gender (males), age (>40 years), sleep (5.5 hr), less/no physical activity, obesity, diabetes mellitus, and autoimmune diseases, were significantly associated with delayed recovery. Poor nutritional outcomes, including lower intakes of water, legumes, nuts, meat, and milk/yogurt; and higher consumption of fast/fried/junk/spicy foods and cold water/drinks, were also significantly associated with a longer recovery period. The results were similar for not taking daily doses of multivitamins, and vitamins C, D, E, and zinc. This study identified that staying physically active, maintaining sensible body weight, having a sleep of 7 hr, consuming more foods of plant origin especially plant-based proteins from nuts and legumes, taking supplemental doses of multivitamins, vitamin D, E, and zinc, along with drinking >= 2 L of water daily can provide a significant role in early and safe recovery from COVID-19.
PROGRAMMING BY EARLY NUTRITION IN MAN; Whether early diet influences long-term health or achievement is a key question in nutrition. Such long-term consequences would invoke the concept of 'programming'-a more general process whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical period of development has lasting or lifelong significance. Data from small mammals and primates show that early nutrition may have potentially important long-term effects, for example on blood lipids, plasma insulin, obesity, atherosclerosis, behaviour and learning. Corresponding studies in man have been largely retrospective and difficult to interpret. The preterm infant is however an important model for human research because formal random assignment to early diet is practical. A large prospective randomized multicentre study has been undertaken on 926 preterm infants to test the hypothesis that early diet influences long-term outcome. Diets included human milk, standard formula and nutrient-enriched preterm formula. The diet consumed for on average the first month post partum had a major impact on subsequent developmental attainment, growth and allergic status in early childhood. That such a brief period of dietary manipulation has lasting significance implies that the neonatal period is critical for nutrition after preterm birth. These data may have broader implications for human nutrition.
Olive oil and the Mediterranean diet: beyond the rhetoric; Objective: The purpose of this study was to analyze the association of food, nutrient and energy intakes with olive oil consumption in Spain.
The 2009 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults for 2009.
Post-prandial effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil on endothelial function in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled crossover trial; Background: Effects of olive oil on cardiovascular risk have been controversial. We compared the effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and refined olive oil without polyphenols on endothelial function (EF) in adults at risk for Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Deleterious effects of omitting breakfast on insulin sensitivity and fasting lipid profiles in healthy lean women; Background: Breakfast consumption is recommended, despite inconclusive evidence of health benefits.
Efficacy of Whey Protein Supplementation on Resistance ExerciseInduced Changes in Lean Mass, Muscle Strength, and Physical Function in Mobility-Limited Older Adults; Whey protein supplementation may augment resistance exercise-induced increases in muscle strength and mass. Further studies are required to determine whether this effect extends to mobility-limited older adults. The objectives of the study were to compare the effects of whey protein concentrate (WPC) supplementation to an isocaloric control on changes in whole-body lean mass, mid-thigh muscle cross-sectional area, muscle strength, and stair-climbing performance in older mobility-limited adults in response to 6 months of resistance training (RT).
Diet and nutritional status in elderly Zimbabweans; Background: nutritional studies in developing countries tend to focus on women of reproductive age and children. Little is known about the diet or nutritional status of elderly Africans.
The effect of grapeseed oil on performance, rumen fermentation, antioxidant status and subcutaneous adipose fatty acid profile in lambs; This experiment was carried out to examine the effect of grapeseed oil (GSO) on performance, rumen fermentation, antioxidant status and subcutaneous adipose fatty acid (FA) profile in lambs. Eighteen Baluchi lambs, 196 +/- 14 days of age and 39.8 +/- 1.7 kg body weight, were randomly assigned to three experimental diets: (i) diet without GSO (control), (ii) diet containing 2% of GSO (GSO2) and (iii) diet containing 4% of GSO (GSO4) for 42 days. Results showed that the experimental diets had no significant effect on dry matter intake and performance (p > 0.05). The supplemented diets with GSO had no effect on pH and NH3- N of rumen fluid (p > 0.05), but GSO4 increased (p = 0.003) the concentration of propionic acid and reduced (p = 0.002) the concentration of acetate acid compared to the control. Inclusion 4% of GSO to the diet increased total antioxidant activity and decreased malondialdehyde in serum and muscle (p < 0.001). The level of blood glutathione peroxidase in diets containing GSO was higher than control diet (p = 0.02), but diets had no effect on superoxide dismutase in blood and muscle tissues (p > 0.05). The concentration of vaccenic acid, rumenic acid and linoleic acid and thus polyunsaturated fatty acid in subcutaneous fat was affected by experimental diets (p < 0.001), as control had the lowest amount of these FAs and GSO4 had the highest amount of them. Therefore, it can be concluded that the use of GSO up to 4% improves the antioxidant status and adipose fatty acid profile in lambs without effects on performance.
The effects of increased dietary protein yogurt snack in the afternoon on appetite control and eating initiation in healthy women; Background: A large portion of daily intake comes from snacking. One of the increasingly common, healthier snacks includes Greek-style yogurt, which is typically higher in protein than regular yogurt. This study evaluated whether a 160 kcal higher-protein (HP) Greek-style yogurt snack improves appetite control, satiety, and delays subsequent eating compared to an isocaloric normal protein (NP) regular yogurt in healthy women. This study also identified the factors that predict the onset of eating.
Population compliance with national dietary recommendations and its determinants: findings from the ORISCAV-LUX study; The objective of the present study was to determine the proportion of adults meeting national recommendations for food and nutrient intake and to identify the demographic, socio-economic and behavioural factors that may contribute to weaken dietary compliance. ORIS-CAV-LUX is a cross-sectional study that took place in Luxembourg (2007-8). A representative stratified random sample of 1352 adults aged 18-69 years participated in the nationwide cardiovascular health survey. A FFQ was used to estimate food intake. Radar charts were built to compare graphically the compliance of the participants with different key dietary guidelines on the same set of axes. The thirteen food- and nutrient-based recommendations were scored and summed to create a recommendation compliance index (range 20.5 to 14). Ordinal logistic regression analyses were performed to determine the factors contributing to poor dietary compliance. Several food-and nutrient-based guidelines were insufficiently respected compared with others. The greatest gaps occurred in the adherence to grain and dairy product consumption guidelines, as well as to total fat and notably to SFA recommendations. Age, country of birth, economic status, smoking status and subject's awareness of the importance of balanced meals emerged as independently associated with weak dietary compliance. Obese subjects conformed more to dietary recommendations compared with normal-weight subjects. The findings underscore the need for specific nutrition education messages along with targeted interventions. Efforts should be continued to increase population awareness of the importance of a healthy lifestyle and a balanced diet.
Evaluation of relative intake of fatty acids according to the Northern Sweden FFQ with fatty acid levels in erythrocyte membranes as biomarkers; Objective: To evaluate the validity of the Northern Sweden eighty-four-item FFQ to estimate intake of fatty acids relative to 24h diet recalls (24-HDR) and fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes.
Myocardioprotection against ischemia and reperfusion injury by endothelin receptor antagonists; Prolonged myocardial ischemia without reperfusion results in myocardial cell death. Early coronary artery reperfusion is important to minimize tissue injury. However, reperfusion itself exerts deleterious effects, that result in enhanced myocardial injury. Endothelin-1 (ET-1) is a powerful vasoconstrictor of coronary arteries, and several studies have suggested a role for ET in a number of cardiovascular disorders. The present study was designed to evaluate the potential of bosentan, a mixed ETA-ETB receptor antagonist and BMS 182874, a selective ET receptor antagonist in limiting myocardial infarct size and to determine the hemodynamic and metabolic basis of such effects in a cat model of ischemia (MI) and reperfusion (R) induced myocardial injury. Twenty six adult mongrel cats of either sex (2.6-3.4kg; body weight) anesthetized with ether followed by alpha chloralose (80mg/kg), were tracheotomized and positive pressure ventilation was instituted. The animals were submitted to left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD) occlusion for 40 minutes; thereafter, reperfusion was instituted for a period of 3h by untying the ligature. Animals were randomly assigned to either (i) saline-treated MI/R control group (CON), (ii) bosentan-treated MI/R, group (BOS) or (iii) BMS 182874-treated MUR group (BMS). Myocardial ischemia and reperfusion resulted in severe myocardial injury, profound hemodynamic alterations and marked metabolic derangements in the control group as assessed at the end of the experimental period (3h and 40 min). Administration,of bosentan (3 mg/kg; i.v.) and BMS 182874 (1 mg/kg; i.v.) 20 min after the onset of ischemia resulted in the salvage of 36% (BOS) and 22% (BMS) of the left ventricle at risk of infarction. Bosentan slightly increased heart rate, and affected a significant (p < 0.05) fall in systolic and diastolic arterial blood pressures. The sharp rise in LVEDP post-occlusion was significantly (p < 0.01) lowered by both BOS and BMS and the correction of this variable was sustained for the entire reperfusion period (3h). Administration of BOS and BMS afforded a modest correction of the LVdP/dt(max) and attenuated reperfusion ectopy. Furthermore, administration of bosentan significantly decreased the level of lactate accumulation and corrected the myocardial energy profile as compared to the control group. These data highlight the possible role of endogenous endothelin-1 in exacerbating myocardial ischemia and reperfusion injury. It is further concluded that endothelin receptor blockade is expected to be an effective approach in the treatment of ischemic heart disease.
Bioavailability of alpha-tocopherol fed with retinol and relative bioavailability of D-alpha-tocopherol or DL-alpha-tocopherol acetate; Two experiments were conducted to examine the effects of the form of alpha-tocopherol or interactions of alpha-tocopherol with vitamin A on its bioavailability. In Experiment 1, Holstein steers were fed a diet that was low in vitamins A and E for 1 mo; then, steers were blocked by body weight ((X) over bar = 97.5 kg) and assigned randomly to one of four oral treatments: 1) no added vitamins, 2) 442 mg of retinyl acetate, 3) 1342 mg of D-alpha-tocopherol, or 4) 442 mg of retinyl acetate and 1342 mg of D-alpha-tocopherol. Each treatment was given as a pulse dose. Blood was sampled over a 36-h period. Concentrations of plasma retinyl palmitate peaked at 2 to 6 h postsupplementation for all calves and then peaked again at 22 to 28 h for calves receiving vitamin supplements. Concentrations of plasma alpha-tocopherol peaked earliest with D-alpha-tocopherol supplementation alone at 12 to 20 h after supplementation, but simultaneous supplementation with retinyl acetate resulted in lower plasma alpha-tocopherol concentrations. Plasma retinyl palmitate decreased during peak alpha-tocopherol concentrations. In Experiment 2, blood and tissue were analyzed after a single gastric tube administration of a powder (DL-alpha-tocopheryl acetate) or a liquid ( D-alpha-tocopherol) form of vitamin E to Holstein calves. Plasma and kidney concentrations of alpha-tocopherol were higher when calves were fed D-alpha-tocopherol than when calves were fed the DL-alpha-tocopherol acetate form. Concentrations in the liver, spleen, adipose tissue, heart, muscle, cellular blood fraction, and gut did not differ between the two forms.
Proposal of a method to assess global quality of diet; Background: Several studies have attempted to assess the global quality of diet. One of such initiatives is the Healthy Eating index (HEI), developed in the Unites States. However; its application in other countries requires certain adaptations. Aim: To adapt the HEI to the Chilean population and to assess its value in Chilean school age children and adults. Material anal methods: A random sample of 264 school age children aged 13.4 +/- 0.7 years and 264 adults aged 35.7 +/- 0.6 years was studied. A 24 hours food recall was done and the HEI seas calculated considering 10 variables based in the Feeding Guides for the Chilean population. Feeding habits were classified as healthy when the score was over 80 (of a maximum of 100), as requiring changes when the score was between 51 and 80 and as unhealthy when the score was 50 or less. Results: The mean scores for children and adults were 58.4 +/- 11.3 and 56.2 +/- 11.1 respectively (p < 0.02). The variables with lower scores were vegetables, fruits, dairy products and sodium. Only 1.5% of the population had healthy feeding habits, without differences by sex or age. Feeding quality was significantly worse among obese subjects. Conclusions: The HEI is a tool that can be used in the Chilean population and can be used to assess the effectiveness of health promotion initiatives. it also can help to focalize educational programs to specific nutrients (Rev Med Chile 2005, 133: 175-82).
Compositional and thermal analysis of RBD palm oil adulterated with lipase-catalyzed interesterified lard; A study was conducted to determine the presence of enzymatically-randomized lard (ERLD) as an adulterant in RBD palm oil using three different analytical techniques, namely gas liquid chromatography (GLC), reversed phase high performance liquid chromatography (RP-HPLC) and differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). Lard extracted from the adipose tissues of pig was enzymatically interesterified using non-specific lipase from Pseudomonas sp. Compositional and thermal characteristics of ERLD were compared with those of genuine lard (GLD). RBD palm oil samples, adulterated separately with various levels of GLD and ERLD, were analyzed using GLC, HPLC and DSC. Neither GLC nor HPLC showed any characteristic adulteration peaks to enable RBD palm oil, adulterated with either GLD or ERLD, to be distinguished from those adulterated with chicken fat (CF). However, DSC provided a better mean; for identification of lard, with a detection limit of 1%. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of acute administration of natural progesterone on peripheral vascular responsiveness in healthy postmenopausal women; Peripheral vascular responses to acute administration of natural progesterone were studied in 12 postmenopausal women (mean +/- SD age 50.3 +/- 4.8 years) with no evidence of cardiovascular disease. According to a randomized, double-blind protocol, all subjects were given natural progesterone as a vaginal cream, able to produce a rapid peak and decoy of plasma hormone concentrations, or matched placebo, with crossover after a I-week washout period. Forearm blood flow and peak flaw after ischemic stress (ml/100 ml/min), local vascular resistance (mm Hg/ml/100 ml/min), venous volume (m1/100 mi), and venous compliance (m1/100 ml/mm Hg) were measured by strain-gauge venous occlusion plethysmography at baseline and after progesterone or placebo administration. Plasma norepinephrine concentrations were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection. Progesterone sharply decreased forearm blood flow (p < 0.01) through an increase in local vascular resistance (p < 0.01). Measures of venous function remained unchanged. Although the hormone increased circulating norepinephrine concentrations (p < 0.05), there were no significant changes in mean arterial pressure or heart rate. Furthermore, progesterone reduced the local vasodilator capacity, shown by a decrease in forearm Delta flow (difference between peak flow and basal flow, p < 0.05). Compared with the well-known effect of estrogen, progesterone exerted an opposite action on peripheral vascular responsiveness. Peripheral circulatory changes may be attributed to a direct activity of progesterone on the arterial wall and may in part reflect a modulation of the hormone on peripheral sympathetic tone. Consideration must be given to the hypothesis that the addition of may attenuate the beneficial effects of unopposed estrogen replacement therapy in postmenopausal women. (C) 1999 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Associations of cereal grains intake with cardiovascular disease and mortality across 21 countries in Prospective Urban and Rural Epidemiology study: prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE
Impact of Egg Consumption on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes and at Risk for Developing Diabetes: A Systematic Review of Randomized Nutritional Intervention Studies; Observational studies have reported inconclusive results regarding the relationship between egg consumption (and dietary cholesterol) and the risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in individuals with type 2 diabetes, which has led to inconsistent recommendations to patients. We reviewed the evidence of egg consumption on major CVD risk factors in individuals with or at risk for type 2 diabetes (prediabetes, insulin resistance or metabolic syndrome). We performed a systematic search in the databases PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE and Web of Science in January 2016. Inclusion criteria included randomized controlled trials in which the amount of egg consumed was manipulated and compared to a control group that received no-egg or low-egg diets (<2 eggs/week). We found 10 articles (6 original trials) that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of studies found that egg consumption did not affect major CVD risk factors. Consumption of 6 to 12 eggs per week had no impact on plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting glucose, insulin or C-reactive protein in all studies that reported these outcomes in comparison with control groups. An increase in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol with egg consumption was observed in 4 of 6 studies. Results from randomized controlled trials suggest that consumption of 6 to 12 eggs per week, in the context of a diet that is consistent with guidelines on cardiovascular health promotion, has no adverse effect on major CVD risk factors in individuals at risk for developing diabetes or with type 2 diabetes. However, heterogeneities in study design, population included and interventions prevent firm conclusions from being drawn. (C) 2017 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Effects of feeding extruded full-fat cottonseed pellets in place of tallow as a fat source for finishing heifers on feedlot performance, carcass characteristics, sensory traits, display color, and fatty acid profiles; The objective of this study was to examine the effects of supplemental feeding of full-fat extruded cottonseed pellets (FFECS) compared with tallow on carcass characteristics, sensory traits, retail display color, and fatty acid profiles, especially CLA isomers in finishing heifers. Twenty-one Angus heifers (450 +/- 5 kg) were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 experimental diets: 1) 100% supplemental fat from tallow at 4.1% of ration DM (TAL), 2) a 50: 50 ratio of supplemental fat from a combination of tallow at 2.1% and FFECS at 12.8% of ration DM (TAL/ECS), and 3) 100% supplemental fat from FFECS at 25.6% ration DM (ECS). All rations were formulated to contain 7.5% fat on a DM basis. Heifers were individually fed, ad libitum, for 82 d, and BW, G: F, DMI, ADG, and body composition via ultrasound were collected at 3 to 4 wk intervals. After 82 d on feed heifers were slaughtered under federal inspection, and carcass characteristics were measured (at 24 h). The LM was removed for retail display color (1, 3, 6, 10 d), Warner-Bratzler shear force (1, 3, 7, 14, 21 d postmortem aging), sensory analysis (1, 7, 14, 21 d postmortem aging), and fatty acid profile analysis. Subcutaneous fat, including all layers, was removed from the LM for fatty acid profile analysis, and ground beef patties (80: 20) were produced with lean from the brisket and fat from the plate for retail color analysis (1, 2, 4, 7 d). Supplemental fat source did not influence feedlot performance for any of the traits measured (P > 0.12) or any carcass traits related to yield, quality, or LM color at the 12th- to 13th-rib interface (P > 0.15). Supplemental fat source did not affect Warner-Bratzler shear force or any sensory traits (P > 0.20), but LM steaks became more tender as postmortem aging time increased up to 14 d (P < 0.01). During retail display of LM steaks and beef patties, the only difference was LM steaks from ECS were darker (lower L* value) than TAL or TAL/ECS steaks (P < 0.02). As display time increased, LM steak and beef patty objective and subjective color deteriorated (P < 0.01). Although feeding FFECS compared with tallow increased linoleic acid (C18: 2(n-6)) in both intramuscular and subcutaneous fat (P < 0.04), this did not lead to an increase in total CLA content (P > 0.90). Full-fat extruded cottonseed pellets are interchangeable with tallow in heifer finishing diets without impacting feeding performance, meat quality, shelf life color, or CLA content of adipose sites.
Daily Consumption of Chocolate Rich in Flavonoids Decreases Cellular Genotoxicity and Improves Biochemical Parameters of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism; In recent years, the incidence of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes has increased largely worldwide. In the present work, we evaluated the genoprotective effect of the consumption of flavonoids-rich chocolate on 84 young volunteers. Biochemical indicators related to the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular risk and metabolic syndrome were also determined. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was performed in the Autonomous University of Baja California. The treatments comprised the daily consumption of either 2 g of dark chocolate containing 70% cocoa, or 2 g of milk chocolate, for 6 months. The total amount of phenolic compounds and flavonoids was determined in both types of chocolate. Anthropometrical and Biochemical parameters were recorded prior to and after the study. The evaluation of the genotoxicity in buccal epithelial cells was performed throughout the duration of the study. Flavonoids from cocoa in dark chocolate significantly prevented DNA damage, and improved the nucleus integrity of cells. This effect could be related to the antioxidant capacity of the dark chocolate that decreased cellular stress. Biochemical parameters (total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL-cholesterol level in blood) and anthropometrical parameters (waist circumference) were improved after six months of daily intake of 2 g of dark chocolate with a 70% of cocoa.
Extended-release Niacin Acutely Suppresses Postprandial Triglyceridemia; OBJECTIVE: Postprandial triglyceridemia predicts cardiovascular events. Niacin might lower postprandial triglycerides by restricting free fatty acids. Immediate-release niacin reduced postprandial triglycerides, but extended-release niacin failed to do so when dosed the night before a fat challenge. The study aims were to determine whether extended-release niacin dosed before a fat challenge suppresses postprandial triglycerides and whether postprandial triglycerides are related to free fatty acid restriction.
Life Style and Health Status of Sumber Alam's Bus Drivers in Purworejo District, Central Java; The general objective of this research was to analyze the correlation between life style with health status of Sumber Alam's Drivers in Purworejo District, Central Java. The research was conducted using cross sectional study design from July through August 2009 in PO Sumber Alam Purworejo District. Sample was chosen by simple random sampling which resulted 67 drivers. Almost all the samples (91%) had smoking habit and all of the samples had no habit on alcohol drinking. More than half (58.2%) had excersice habit. The physical activity levels in work day was higher than that in holiday (p<0.05). More than half samples (67.2%) eat rice three times a day. Tempeh was popular side dishes consumed by almost all samples more than three times a week. Egg was consumed by almost half samples once until three times a week. Generally, intake of vegetables, fruits and milk was still low, as well as intake of food that have high risk for degenerative disease. The nutritional status of samples ranged from underweight to obesity, with more than half categorized as normal nutritional status. For the last one month, there were 7.5% samples suffered for degenerative diseases, 20.9% for infectious diseases and 16.4% for non infectious disease.
Haemoglobin status to determine nutritional anaemia and its association with breakfast skipping and BMI among nursing undergraduates of Farasan Island, KSA; The present study was conducted to determine nutritional anaemia using haemoglobin levels of female nursing undergraduates studying at Farasan Island with the purpose to intervene at a point, before the potential problems become serious later in life. In total, 130 apparently healthy, female students of Department of Nursing were recruited by a random sampling method to collect information on socio-demographic, lifestyle and anthropogenic characteristics, and dietary habits including breakfast skipping. Haemoglobin content was estimated using Sahli's Haemoglobinometer and observations were interpreted as per WHO's criteria for anaemia. Body mass index (BMI) was recorded using a digital weighing machine. Correlation between haemoglobin concentration, breakfast skipping and body mass index of study participants was assessed by Pearson's correlation. Data analyses were done using Origin software. Overall, 51.6 % (n = 67) students were all together anaemic with 28.5 % (n = 37) had mild anaemia, 15.4 % (n = 20) moderate and 7.69 % (n = 10) had severe anaemia. Of these, 20.8 % (n = 27) were underweight, 63.8 % (n = 83) normal weight and 15.4 % (n = 20) were above normal weight (over weight and obese). The Hb content showed a positive correlation with the BMI and exhibited an increasing trend with increase in the BMI among study participants (P < 0.05). Questionnaire analyses revealed that the majority (96.9 %, n = 126) of students were taking junk food as bulk of their meal A strong negative correlation was recorded between Hb contents and breakfast skipping tendencies (r= -0.987, P < 0.05). Findings of the present study are of high significance for public health professionals and educators to prioritise actions that could motivate these future nurses to adapt healthy lifestyles to strategically combat nutritional anaemia.
Composite probiotics alleviate type 2 diabetes by regulating intestinal microbiota and inducing GLP-1 secretion in db/db mice; Backgroud/Aim: Previous studies have found that probiotic fermented camel milk has anti-diabetic effect by inducing (glucagon-like peptide-1) GLP-1 secretion. Probiotics are valuable in prevention and treatment of diabetes. As a result, our team islolated 14 probiotics from fermented camel milk. These probiotics have beneficial characteristics, but the possible anti-diabetic mechanisms remains unclear. The present study aimed to explore the possoble anti-diabetic mechanisms of 14 probiotics.
EFFECTS OF WALNUTS ON SERUM-LIPID LEVELS AND BLOOD-PRESSURE IN NORMAL MEN; Background. In a recent six-year follow-up study, we found that frequent consumption of nuts was associated with a reduced risk of ischemic heart disease. To explore possible explanations for this finding, we studied the effects of nut consumption on serum lipids and blood pressure.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: A Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study; Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: a processed-meat and cheese (M-meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V-meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon-like peptide -1 (GLP-1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated-measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP-1 increased after the V-meal in T2D (by 30.5%; 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%; 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%; p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V-meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%; p < 0.001); by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%; p = 0.03); and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%; p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V-meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%; 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%; p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V-meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%; p = 0.004); by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%; p < 0.001); and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%; p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant-based meal with tofu when compared with an energy- and macronutrient-matched processed-meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
An oil mixture with <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid increases markers of inflammation and in vivo lipid peroxidation compared with <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid in postmenopausal women; A mixture of trans-10, cis-12 (t10,c12) and cis-9, trans-11 (c9, t11) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA mixture) reduced atherosclerosis in animals, thus the effect of these isomers on endothelial dysfunctions leading to inflammation and atherosclerosis is of interest. We gave 75 healthy postmenopausal women a daily supplement of 5.5 g of oil rich in either CLA mixture, an oil rich in the naturally occurring c9,t11 CLA (CLA rnilk), respectively, or olive oil for 16 wk in a double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We sampled blood and urine before and after the intervention. The ratios of total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and concentrations of C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were significantly higher in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than in those supplemented with CLA milk. Plasma triacylglycerol was significantly higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than with olive oil. Both CLA supplements increased lipid peroxidation, a marker of in vivo oxidative stress measured as urinary free 8-iso-prbstaglandin F-2 alpha. However, the CLA mixture increased lipid peroxidation more than the CLA milk did. The plasma cytokines interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-a were not affected by the treatments, nor were any of the other variables measured. In conclusion, oil containing trans-10,cis-12 CLA has several adverse effects on classical and novel markers of coronary vascular disease, whereas the c9, t11 CLA isomer is more neutral, except for a small but significant increase in lipid peroxidation compared with olive oil.
The Reverse Cholesterol Transport Pathway Improves Understanding of Genetic Networks for Fat Deposition and Muscle Growth in Beef Cattle; In the present study, thirteen genes involved in the reverse cholesterol transport (RCT) pathway were investigated for their associations with three fat depositions, eight fatty acid compositions and two growth-related phenotypes in a Wagyu x Limousin reference population, including 6 F-1 bulls, 113 F-1 dams, and 246 F-2 progeny. A total of 37 amplicons were used to screen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on 6 F-1 bulls. Among 36 SNPs detected in 11 of these 13 genes, 19 were selected for genotyping by the Sequenom assay design on all F-2 progeny. Single-marker analysis revealed seven SNPs in ATP binding cassette A1, apolipoproteins A1, B and E, phospholipid transfer protein and paraoxinase 1 genes significantly associated with nine phenotypes (P < 0.05). Previously, we reported genetic networks associated with 19 complex phenotypes based on a total of 138 genetic polymorphisms derived from 71 known functional genes. Therefore, after Bonferroni correction, these significant (adjusted P < 0.05) and suggestive (adjusted P < 0.10) associations were then used to identify genetic networks related to the RCT pathway. Multiple-marker analysis suggested possible genetic networks involving the RCT pathway for kidney-pelvic-heart fat percentage, rib-eye area, and subcutaneous fat depth phenotypes with markers derived from paraoxinase 1, apolipoproteins A1 and E, respectively. The present study confirmed that genes involved in cholesterol homeostasis are useful targets for investigating obesity in humans as well as for improving meat quality phenotypes in a livestock production.
A non-traditional dietary pattern increases risk of coronary artery disease in the Nepalese population; Objectives: Several dietary patterns are associated with cardiovascular diseases. Traditional, Western, Mediterranean, and vegetarian are common dietary patterns, derived from principal component analysis (PCA) of dietary food intakes associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, these patterns were derived mostly from the diet habits of people in Western and European countries. Therefore, the present study aimed to determine dietary patterns linked with coronary artery disease (CAD) in the Nepalese population. Methods: Food frequency questionnaires were used to estimate dietary intakes in 306 people with CAD and 306 people in a control group matched for age and sex. PCA was performed to deduce the dietary patterns, and conditional logistic regression was executed to determine the association of the dietary patterns with CAD. Results: The component of PCA with higher loadings of refined grain, sugar, and meat and lower loadings of milk, whole grain, and fruit was named the non-traditional dietary pattern in the present study. We found a 34% increased risk of CAD (odds ratio, 1.34; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.58; P < 0.001) associated with this dietary pattern after adjusting for smoking, physical activity, and cardiometabolic risk factors. Dietary pattern scores were further categorized into tertiles, and the third tertile was observed with significanly higher odds of CAD than the first tertile (odds ratio, 2.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-4.14; P for trend = 0.004). Conclusions: PCA-derived non-traditional dietary patterns can be a risk for developing CAD in Nepalese people. However, further cohort studies or randomized community trials are suggested to confirm our findings. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Visit-to-visit variability in blood pressure and the development of chronic kidney disease in treated general hypertensive patients; Background. Data on the association between visit-to-visit variability (VVV) in blood pressure (BP) and the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in general treated hypertensive patients were limited. We aimed to evaluate the relation of VVV in BP with the development of CKD, and examine any possible effect modifiers in hypertensive patients without prior cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) or CKD.
Meta-analysis of the association between major foods with added fructose and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives: The relationship between the consumption of foods with added fructose and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was inconsistent in previous epidemiological studies, and no meta-analysis has been performed on the pooled results. Hence, this study aims to assess the associations between the consumption of major foods with added fructose and NAFLD in a meta-analysis. Methods: Through PubMed and Web of Science, an extensive literature search of publications before July 2022 was conducted. We included studies that investigated the associations between the intake of >= 1 food sources with added fructose (biscuits and cookies, cake, sugar-sweetened beverages [SSBs], sweets, candies, chocolate, or ice cream) and NAFLD in a general adult population. Random- or fixed-effects models were used to pool odds ratios [ORs, 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs)] depending on the degree of heterogeneity. Results: A total of 15 studies with 65 149 participants were finally brought into the meta-analysis. Based on the results, it seems that the prevalence of NAFLD was higher among those who consumed foods with added fructose (OR = 1.31, 95% CI = 1.17-1.48). Subgroup analysis showed that consumption of foods with added fructose was associated with a greater prevalence of NAFLD in subgroups of cohort and cross-sectional studies, of SSBs, participants from Asia or North America, disease assessment using ultrasound, CT, or MRI, and exposure assessment using dietary recall and food frequency questionnaires. Conclusion: Our results indicated that major foods with added fructose intake have a positive association with the prevalence of NAFLD. Reduction of added fructose consumption may represent an early opportunity to mitigate or prevent NAFLD.
Diet and plasma evaluation of the main isomers of conjugated linoleic acid and <i>trans</i>-fatty acids in a population sample from Mediterranean north-east Spain; The aim of the present study was to describe the dietary pattern of a representative sample of 516 adult participants (203 men and 313 women) from Catalonia, a Spanish Mediterranean region, to assess their current dietary and plasma levels of trans C18:1, the major trans-fatty acid (TFA), and cis-9, trans-11 CLA, and trans-10, cis-12 CLA, the two major conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers, and to evaluate their correlation with several cardiovascular disease risk factors. The population was a random sample derived from the Catalan Nutrition Survey. Plasma levels of the CLA isomers were determined in a subsample of 100 volunteers. The Catalan diet seemed to maintain some traits of the 'traditional' Mediterranean diet, although other components were lost. The dietary intakes of saturated fatty acids (SFA), TFA, cis-9, trans-11 CIA, and trans-10, cis-12 CIA were 12.3%, 0.84% (2.0 g/d), 0.030% (71.5 mg/d), and 0.0015% (3.4 mg/d) of the energy intake, respectively. Trans C18:1 accounted for 0.19% of the total plasma fatty acids, while the sum of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CIA isomers represented about 0.09% of the plasma fatty acids. Trans C18:1 isomers correlated significantly with the intake of French fries and pastries, while cis-9, trans-11 CIA significantly correlated with the intake of dairy products and ruminant meat. None of the cardiovascular disease risk factors were found to be associated with the plasma levels of TFA or CIA. The results of this study suggest that monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) are the main dietary fat source in the Catalan population, due to their regular olive oil consumption. Moreover, plasma levels of the main TFA and CIA suggest that the Catalan diet is not at present strongly influenced by the occidental dietary patterns. However, a reduction of the intake of SFA in the Catalan population should be recommended. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Self-Expanding Bioprostheses for Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in Patients With Symptomatic Severe Aortic Stenosis SCOPE 2 Randomized Clinical Trial; BACKGROUND: Few randomized trials have compared bioprostheses for transcatheter aortic valve replacement, and no trials have compared bioprostheses with supra-annular design. The SCOPE 2 trial (Safety and Efficacy Comparison of Two TAVI Systems in a Prospective Randomized Evaluation 2) was designed to compare the clinical outcomes of the ACURATE neo and CoreValve Evolut bioprostheses for transcatheter aortic valve replacement.
Compliance with the New 2017 Child and Adult Care Food Program Standards for Infants and Children before Implementation; Background: Nationally, child care providers serve nutritious food to over 4.5 million children each day as part of the federal Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP). As implementation of the first major revisions to the CACFP standards occurs in 2017, understanding how to support compliance is critical.
Effect of Hypoxic-Ischemic Insults on the Composition of Fatty Acids in the Brain of Neonatal Rats; Background: Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6 n-3), comprise a major component of brain membrane phospholipids. The effect of neonatal hypoxic-ischennic insults on brain fatty acid composition is not completely understood. The aim of this study was to investigate alterations in brain fatty acid composition during development and in response to hypoxic-ischemic insults in neonatal rats. Methods: Postnatal day 7 pups were randomly assigned to two experimental groups: a control group or a hypoxic-ischemic group in which hypoxia-ischemia was produced by left common carotid artery occlusion and exposure to 8% oxygen for 1.5 h. Various brain fatty acids were measured on postnatal days 8, 10 and 14. Results: On postnatal day 14, the ratio of DHA to total fatty acids increased in the control group, but not in the hypoxic-ischemic group (p < 0.05). We observed no significant differences in arachidonic acid content in the brain between the two groups. Conclusions: These results suggest that hypoxic-ischemic insults interfere with accumulation of brain DHA in developing rats. DHA supplementation may be beneficial for treating neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Therapeutic Effect of External Application of Ligustrazine Combined with Holistic Nursing on Pressure Sores; Background: This study aimed to explore the therapeutic effect of external application of ligustrazine combined with holistic nursing on pressure sores, as well as the underlying mechanism.
Trends in energy and nutrient intake and risk of inadequate intakes in Catalonia, Spain (1992-2003); Objectives: To analyse trends in energy and nutrient intakes and nutritional adequacy from 1992 to 2003.
Diet effects on cutability, carcass composition and meat quality of veal calves; Fourteen early-weaned (70-d old) calves of Holstein predominance were alloted randomly to two treatment groups (T1 = Fresh forage and T2 = Fresh forage plus concentrate ad libitum) to study slaughter and meat characteristics at a constant (180 d) age. T2 dressed 10% higher, with lower percentages (18.3 vs. 30.1%) of filled gastrointestinal tract (P<0.01). Heavier carcasses (169.7 vs. 89.8 kg) from T2 had better finish, marbling and leg conformation scores and larger ribeyes (P<0.01). Although a darker (P<0.01) muscle color was detected in ribeyes of T2 carcasses, all of them classified as Veal according to Venezuelan grading criteria whereas the lighter, poor shaped, unfinished counterparts were down-graded to Standard. Cutting vield, particularly that of the most valuable boneless cuts was higher (P<0.01) in T2 (31.5 vs. 27.6%). On dissection T2 carcasses had higher proportions of muscle and adipose tissue constituents and lower percentages of bane and connective tissues (P<0.01). T1 chops were described as slightly to moderately tender and slightly intense in flavor whereas T2 chops rated somewhat lower in tenderness (slightly tough to slightly tender) and higher (moderately intense) in flavor (P<0.05), Palatability ratings were quite similar among Longissimus dorsii (LD), Triceps brachii (TB) and Semitendinosus (ST) muscles, particularly for flavor and juiciness. However, panelists were able to detect a slight inferiority in tenderness attributes for LD muscles which in turn, presented higher shear force values (P<0.05). A significant treatment x muscle interaction showed T2 decreased tenderness ratings form LD without affecting palatability of TB and ST muscles. Despite the darker color and slight reduction in LD tenderness of T2, the overall poor performance of the grassfed group (T1) indicated that veal production with early-weaned dairy calves is only viable by improving the plane of nutrition.
Efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid-enriched formula to enhance maternal and fetal blood docosahexaenoic acid levels: Randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background & aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compromises the level of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in phospholipids of maternal and fetal red blood cells and fetal plasma. This is of some concern because of the importance of DHA for fetal neuro-visual development. We have investigated whether this abnormality could be rectified by supplementation with DHA-enriched formula.
Differences in the Disposition of Silymarin between Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Chronic Hepatitis C; Silymarin, derived from the milk thistle plant Silybum marianum and widely used for self-treatment of liver diseases, is composed of six major flavonolignans including silybin A and silybin B, which are the predominant flavonolignans quantified in human plasma. The single-and multiple-dose pharmacokinetics of silymarin flavonolignans were examined in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) to determine whether the disposition of silymarin and therefore its potential efficacy vary among liver disease populations. Cohorts of eight subjects with noncirrhotic liver disease were randomized 3: 1 to oral silymarin or placebo (280 or 560 mg) every 8 h for 7 days. Forty-eight-hour blood sampling was conducted after the first and final doses. In general, plasma concentrations of silybin A and silybin B were higher, whereas concentrations of conjugates were lower in NAFLD compared with HCV. After adjustment of the area under plasma concentration-time curve from 0 to 8 h (AUC(0-8 h)) for weight and dose, only silybin B and silybin B conjugates differed significantly between disease types. For NAFLD, the adjusted mean AUC(0-8 h) was higher for silybin B (p < 0.05) but lower for silybin B conjugates (p < 0.05) compared with that for HCV. At the 280-mg dose, steady-state plasma concentrations of silybin B conjugates for NAFLD subjects were characterized by 46% lower AUC(0-8 h) (p < 0.05) and 42% lower C-max (p < 0.05) compared with HCV subjects. Evidence of enterohepatic cycling of flavonolignans was only observed in NAFLD subjects. In summary, the efficacy of silymarin may be more readily observed in NAFLD patients because of their higher flavonolignan plasma concentrations and more extensive enterohepatic cycling compared with those in HCV patients.
Conjugated linoleic acid is related to bone mineral density but does not affect parathyroid hormone in men; The relationships between conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) status, bone, body composition, and the effect of CLA on calciotropic hormones are unclear. A cross-sectional study was designed to examine the association between c9, t11 CLA status in erythrocyte membranes (RBC) and body composition. This preceded a dose-response trial investigating if c9, t11 CLA affected parathyroid hormone (PTH). It was hypothesized that (1) higher c9, t11 CLA status in RBC will be associated with a lower fat and higher bone mass and that (2) PTH will be reduced by 30% after supplementation of c9, t11 CLA. Fifty-four men (age, 19-53 years) were included in the cross-sectional analysis, of which 31 were studied in the dose-response trial and randomized to 1 of 3 groups: placebo (n = 10), 1.5 g/d (n = 11), or 3.0 g/d (n = 10) of c9, t11 CLA for 16 weeks. Men with RBC c9, t11 CLA status above the median had higher whole body bone mineral density (BMD) (1.359 +/- 0.024 vs 1.287 +/- 0.023 g/cm(2); P = .04) and whole body lean mass (WBL) percentage (78.8% +/- 0.9% vs 75.3% +/- 1.0%; P = .01), whereas body mass index (24.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2) vs 27.3 +/- 0.9 kg/m(2); P = .01) and whole body fat mass percentage (17.3% +/- 0.9% vs 21.3% +/- 1.1%; P = .007) were lower. In regression analysis, RBC c9, t11 CLA status accounted for a significant proportion (r(2) = 0.10) of the variation in whole body BMD (P = .03). There were no time or treatment differences among any bone or biomarkers of bone metabolism including PTH. These findings indicate that RBC c9, t11 CLA status, a reflection of long-term (similar to 4 months) dietary CLA intake, positively relates to BMD. However, c9, t11 CLA supplementation does not appear to affect PTH in healthy men. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Protein Intake on Visceral Abdominal Fat and Metabolic Biomarkers in Older Men With Functional Limitations: Results From a Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: It remains controversial whether high protein diets improve cardiometabolic profile. We investigated whether increasing protein intake to 1.3 g/kg/day in functionally limited older adults with usual protein intake <= RDA (0.8 g/kg/day) improves visceral fat accumulation and serum cardiovascular risk markers more than the recommended daily allowance (RDA).
The Potential Role of Probiotics or/and Prebiotic on Serum Lipid Profile and Insulin Resistance in Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Double Blind Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic disease linked to insulin resistance and fatty acid synthesis. Insulin resistance plays an important role in the pathogenesis of NAFLD causing multiple lipid metabolism disorders. Supplementing probiotics and prebiotics is a complementary therapy in obesity-related disorders, including dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on serum lipid profile and insulin resistance in patients with NAFLD.
Effect of Probiotics on the Glucose Levels of Pregnant Women: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition, in which women develop high blood sugar levels during pregnancy without having diabetes. Evidence on the effects of probiotics on the blood glucose levels of women with GDM is inconsistent. Objective: The present study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on the blood glucose levels of pregnant women. Methods: Online databases, such as PubMed, Cochrane, and Excerpta Medica Database (EMBASE) were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published before July 2018. Trials had to meet the inclusion criteria of our study. Methodological quality and risk bias were independently assessed by two reviewers. Data were pooled using a random effects model and were expressed as the mean difference (MD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity was evaluated and quantified as I-2. Results: In total, 12 RCTs were included in this study. Studies have shown that the use of probiotics significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level (MD: -0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.19, -0.02), insulin concentration (MD: -2.24 mu IU/mL; 95% CI: -3.69, -0.79), Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) score (MD: -0.47; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.21), and Homeostasis model of assessment-estimated beta cell function (HOMA-B) score (MD: -20.23; 95% CI: -31.98, -8.49) of pregnant women. In a subgroup analysis, whether the blood glucose-lowering effect of probiotics influenced the diagnosis of pregnant women with GDM was assessed. The results showed that probiotics had significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level (MD: -0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.17, -0.04) and HOMA-IR score (MD: -0.37; 95% CI: - 0.72, -0.02) of pregnant women who were not diagnosed with GDM. Conclusion: Probiotics reduce the blood glucose level of pregnant women, especially without GDM diagnosis. However, further research using RCTs must be conducted to validate the results of the present study.
An Assessment of Health Behavior Peer Effects in Peking University Dormitories: A Randomized Cluster-Assignment Design for Interference; Background: Relatively little is known about the peer influence in health behaviors within university dormitory rooms. Moreover, in China, the problem of unhealthy behaviors among university students has not yet been sufficiently recognized. We thus investigated health behavior peer influence in Peking University dormitories utilizing a randomized cluster-assignment design.
Effects of increased dietary protein-to-carbohydrate ratios in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Some evidence has suggested that a diet with a higher ratio of protein to carbohydrates has metabolic advantages in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Effect of Functional Bread Rich in Potassium, γ-Aminobutyric Acid and Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors on Blood Pressure, Glucose Metabolism and Endothelial Function A Double-blind Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial; Because it has been suggested that food rich in -aminobutyric acid (GABA) or angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) peptides have beneficial effects on blood pressure (BP) and other cardiovascular risk factors, we tested the effects of low-sodium bread, but rich in potassium, GABA, and ACEI peptides on 24-hour BP, glucose metabolism, and endothelial function.A randomized, double-blind, crossover trial was conducted in 30 patients with pre or mild-to-moderate hypertension, comparing three 4-week nutritional interventions separated by 2-week washout periods. Patients were randomly assigned to consume 120g/day of 1 of the 3 types of bread for each nutritional intervention: conventional wheat bread (CB), low-sodium wheat bread enriched in potassium (LSB), and low-sodium wheat bread rich in potassium, GABA, and ACEI peptides (LSB+G). For each period, 24-hour BP measurements, in vivo endothelial function, and biochemical samples were obtained.After LSB+G consumption, 24-hour ambulatory BP underwent a nonsignificant greater reduction than after the consumption of CB and LSB (0.26mm Hg in systolic BP and -0.63mm Hg in diastolic BP for CB; -0.71mm Hg in systolic BP and -1.08mm Hg in diastolic BP for LSB; and -0.75mm Hg in systolic BP and -2.12mm Hg in diastolic BP for LSB+G, respectively). Diastolic BP at rest decreased significantly during the LSB+G intervention, although there were no significant differences in changes between interventions. There were no significant differences between interventions in terms of changes in in vivo endothelial function, glucose metabolism, and peripheral inflammatory parameters.Compared with the consumption of CB or LSB, no greater beneficial effects on 24-hour BP, endothelial function, or glucose metabolism were demonstrated after the consumption of LSB+G in a population with pre or mild-to-moderate hypertension. Further studies are warranted to clarify the effect of GABA on BP, preferably using a specific design for noninferiority trials and ambulatory BP monitoring as a measure of BP.This study was registered at Current Controlled Trials as ISRCTN31436822
Effect of Probiotic Yogurts Enriched With Natural Sources (Fruits and Vegetables) of Inulin and FOS on Postprandial Glycemic Response in Healthy Albino Rats; Probiotics Yogurts with natural sources of prebiotics (fruits and vegetables) are important food products that can be beneficial for diabetic individuals. This study aimed to determine the glycemic response and glycemic index of yogurts containing probiotics and natural sources of prebiotics (inulin and fructooligo saccharides). Four different levels of sweet (sweet potatoes, banana, raisins, aloe vera gel) SBRA, SBRA20%, SBRA40%, SBRA60%, and salty (tomato, garlic, onion, aloe vera gel) TGOA, TGOA20%, TGOA40%, TGOA60% probiotic yogurts were developed while plain probiotic yogurt was treated as control. A total of 81 healthy albino rats were divided into 9 equal groups and fed with these yogurts for 6 six weeks through the gavage method. On the last week of the trial glycemic response of reference foods (glucose) ( on the 38th day) and tested foods (on the 42nd day) were measured. IAUC and the glycemic index of all yogurts were also calculated. The mean GI of salty yogurts TGOA40% and TGOA60% was significantly lower than control yogurt 37.94 +/- 1.44. Overall GI of all sweet and salty yogurts came under the category of low GI foods (<55). It was concluded that developed yogurt products can be used as a good substitute for diabetic patients in maintaining their blood glucose levels.
Fat intake modulates cerebral blood flow in homeostatic and gustatory brain areas in humans; Background: The hypothalamus is the central homeostatic control region of the brain and, therefore, highly influenced by nutrients such as glucose and fat. Immediate and prolonged homeostatic effects of glucose ingestion have been well characterized. However, studies that used stimulation with fat have mainly investigated immediate perceptional processes. Besides homeostatic processes, the gustatory cortex, including parts of the insular cortex, is crucial for the processing of food items.
The Properties of Vitamin B12 Deficiency in the Patients of an Outpatient Clinic; Objective: The aim of this study is to evaluate the properties of vitamin B12 deficiency and predisposing factors in the patients of an outpatient clinic. Material and Methods: Four hundred patients with vitamin B12 deficiency were studied. Anthropometric measures, biochemical analysis, gastric parietal cell antibodies and parasites in stool of the patients, antigliadin antibody survey and upper gastrointestinal system endoscopy were performed. Additionally, randomly selected 100 patients with low and 100 healthy subjects with normal serum vitamin B12 levels were questioned about food intake. Results: Overall ratio of vitamin B12 deficiency among outpatients was 4%. Coexisting diseases such as diabetes mellitus (12.3%), hypertension (42.0%), hyperlipidemia (42.0%) and obesity (42.0%) were determined. Nearly a quarter (22,8%) had autoimmune thyroid disease. A group of patients had other problems that may have caused malabsorption such as Helicobacter pylori gastritis (66/85= 77.6%), antigastric parietal cell antibody positivity (37/85= 43.5%), antigliadin antibody positivity (40/61= 65.6%), and others (3.3%). The patient group with vitamin B12 deficiency consumed significantly less meat (p< 0.001), chicken (p< 0.001), fish (p= 0.002), milk (p= 0.027) and eggs (p< 0.001), smaller number of meals (p= 0.013) and significantly higher amounts of fiber (p< 0.001) and vegetables (p= 0.037) when compared with the control group. Conclusion: Vitamin B12 deficiency was considered to be related mainly with improper and defective alimentation. However, malabsorption-related diseases may also contribute to vitamin B12 deficiency.
Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Some Inflammatory Biomarkers in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Subjects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background/Aims: The mechanism, by which vitamin D influences inflammatory biomarkers in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is not very well known. Thus, a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to assess the effect of vitamin D supplementation on some inflammatory biomarkers in T2DM subjects. Methods: We searched randomized controlled trials from PubMed and the Cochrane Library in October 2017 and conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of vitamin D supplementation on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Either a fixedeffects or a random-effects model was used to calculate pooled effects. Results: We identified 13 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The results indicated that the vitamin D supplementation significant decreased the hs-CRP level by 0.45 mu g/mL, whereas the vitamin D supplementation did not influence the TNF-alpha and IL-6. Subgroup analysis showed that vitamin D significantly lowered hs-CRP by 0.34 mu g/mL among trials with a daily vitamin D dose <= 4,000 IU and by 0.31 mu g/mL among trials with time of vitamin D supplementation >12 weeks. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation is beneficial for the reduction of hs-CRP inT2DM subjects but does not have a significant influence on TNF-alpha and IL-6 in T2DM subjects. (c) 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel
Effect of probiotic yogurt on gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus is one of the important complications of pregnancy and is related to many adverse events. There is evidence that probiotics can be considered a preventive and therapeutic option in gestational diabetes mellitus. In this meta-analysis, we have focused on the effect of probiotic yogurt as a natural product on gestational diabetes mellitus.
Subjective socioeconomic status modulates perceptual discrimination between beverages with different energy densities; Prior research has revealed socioeconomic disparities in obesity and diabetes across developed nations, such that the burden of these disorders is disproportionately shouldered by socioeconomically disadvantaged populations. More recent research has demonstrated that independent of actual socioeconomic status (SES), the mere perception of scarcity, deprivation, or inferiority of socioeconomic resources is sufficient to stimulate increased preference for energy-dense foods and meals. This heightened motivation towards energy-dense foods when experiencing low subjective SES (SSES) may be accompanied by changes in perceptual discrimination between foods that differ in energy density, which may in turn shape later preference and selection for energy-dense foods. Conversely, the experience of high SSES and relative socioeconomic security may lead to de-prioritization of energy density during food selection, leading to suppressed detection of energy density. We tested these predictions by randomly assigning participants (n = 93) to experimental inductions of low, high, or neutral (control) SSES. Next, participants tasted and rated four different versions of soy milk that varied on energy density (low or high) and texture (thin or thick). While participants in control and low SSES conditions could perceptually discriminate between low and high energy versions of the beverages, those in the high SSES condition exhibited no differences in assessments of energy density of the beverages. Consistent with the notion that perceived deprivation (or satisfaction) of important non-food socioeconomic resources may stimulate/ suppress appetite, our findings indicate that SSES may modulate perceptual discrimination of energy in foods, which may contribute to socioeconomic differences in food preferences and obesity risk independent of actual financial and economic constraints.
Adherence to a long-term progressive resistance training program, combining supervised and home-based exercise for breast cancer patients during adjuvant treatment; Background: The purpose of the study was to examine adherence and identify patient- and treatment-related factors associated with adherence to a 20-week combined supervised and home-based progressive resistance training program in women treated for breast cancer.Methodology: The study population consisted of the intervention group in a randomized clinical trial examining the effect of resistance exercise on lymphoedema prevention (n=82). The full program lasted 50 weeks, with an initial 20 weeks combined supervised and home-based exercise followed by 30 weeks self-administered exercise. Information about attendance rates (supervised exercise) and exercise dairies (home-based exercise) in the first 20 weeks was available for 74 and 62 participants, respectively. Adherence was measured as numbers of exercise sessions performed divided by expected number of exercise sessions with >2/3 categorized as high adherence. Age-adjusted odds ratios (OR) were used to assess the associations between patient- and treatment-related factors with adherence.Results: The number of participants with high adherence to supervised exercise decreased in the late period (from week 11 onward) compared to the early period (65% vs. 48%) whereas the proportion of participants with high adherence to home-based exercise remained close to 55%. The most prominent factor associated with high adherence to supervised exercise was neoadjuvant chemotherapy [OR 7.09; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.12-44.62]. For home-based exercise, lower adherence was seen in obese participants (OR 0.16; 95% CI, 0.04-0.65) and in participants with average or below average lower body muscle strength at baseline (OR 0.12; 95% CI, 0.03-0.46).Conclusion: The results of this study offer valuable information on factors associated with adherence to a program of supervised and home-based exercise. Interventions may be adapted to ensure higher adherence rates through supportive efforts targeted to women who are obese, have low muscle strength and who receive no or adjuvant chemotherapy (as opposed to neoadjuvant chemotherapy) during exercise.
Effects of feeding beef females supplemental fat during gestation on cold tolerance in newborn calves; Effects of prepartum fat supplementation of the dam on cold tolerance of calves were determined in two studies. In Exp. 1, 22 F1, crossbred heifers gestating F2 calves received diets containing either 1.7 or 4.7% dietary fat starting at d 250 +/- 2 d of gestation. Safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius) containing 37% oil with 79% linoleic acid were the supplemental fat source in isocaloric-isonitrogenous diets. Calves were separated fl om their darns at birth, fed pooled dairy-cow colostrum, muzzled to prevent sucking, and returned to their dams in a heated (22 degrees C) barn for 3.5 h. At 4 h of age, a jugular catheter was inserted. At 5 h of age, calves were placed in a 0 degrees C room for 140 min and rectal temperatures and blood samples were obtained at 10- and 20-min intervals. Blood was; assayed for glucose, cortisol, and cholesterol. In Exp. 2, 18 multiparous, crossbred beef cows bred to Murray Grey sires were;randomly assigned to receive diets containing either 1.7 or 3.1% dietary fat starting at 235 +/- 2 d gestation. Safflower seeds were used as the supplemental fat source ill isocaloric-isonitrogenous diets. At d 260 of gestation, premature parturition was induced in one-half of the cows from each diet group by feeding Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa) needles. Experimental protocols were the same as in Exp. 1, except that cold exposure was at 9 degrees C for 200 min. Rectal temperatures were affected in Exp. 1 by time and diet x time (both P < .01) and diet x calf sex (P < .05) and in Exp. 2 by calf age (P < .05), time, and calf age x time (both P < .01). Plasma cortisol concentrations were affected by time (P < .01) and calf sex x time (P < .05) in Exp. 1 and by time (P < .01) in Exp. 2. Cholesterol concentrations in Exp. 1 were affected by diet x time (P < .05) and in Exp. 2 by time (P < .05). Plasma glucose concentrations were affected in Exp. 1 by diet (P < .05) and in Exp. 2 by calf age, time, and calf age x time (all P < .01). We conclude from Exp. 1 that feeding heifers supplemental fat during late gestation increased glucose concentrations in the newborn calf, resulting in favorable responses in body temperature in the cold-stressed newborns. This increase in substrate availability suggests a potential positive effect on heat generation in newborns during sustained periods of cold stress. In Exp. 2, premature calves had compromised cold tolerance possibly due to impaired shivering or brown adipose tissue thermogenesis.
Ontogenic maturation of the somatotropin/insulin-like growth factor axis; The ontogeny of the somatotropin/insulin-like growth factor system was examined in well-fed pigs under basal conditions and during a short-term challenge of porcine ST (pST). The study was conducted with two replicates of eight castrate male pigs from 3.8 kg BW (10 d of age) to 92 kg BW (129 d of age). Pigs were reared individually with ad libitum access to milk replacer through 23 d of age. Thereafter, pigs were fed a corn, soybean meal, and dry skim milk diet formulated to exceed nutrient requirements by approximately 30%. Pigs were randomly assigned to receive daily i.m. injections of either 0 (buffer) or 120 mu g/kg BW of pST for a duration of 4 d starting at 10, 19, 33, 43, 63, 83, and 125 d of age. Blood was collected via jugular venipuncture on d 0 and 4 of the challenge. Circulating levels of IGF-I were not dramatically affected by age, but levels of IGF-II were low from 10 to 19 d of age and then increased through later stages of growth. Circulating concentrations of IGF binding protein (BP)-3 increased with age (P < .05), but levels of IGFBP-2, a 30-kDa IGFBP, and IGFBP-4 were unchanged (P > .10). The PST challenge reduced plasma urea nitrogen at all ages, but the magnitude of the response was less in younger pigs compared with the maximum response in pigs greater than 30 kg BW (63 d of age). The IGF-I response to the pST challenge also increased from approximately 30% in young pigs to a threefold increase in older pigs. Regardless of age, concentrations of IGF-II were minimally affected by the PST challenge. Circulating levels of IGFBP-3 increased and IGFBP-2 levels decreased in response to the PST challenge, and the magnitude increased with age. The high nutritional status of pigs in the early phases of growth diminished the postnatal changes in IGF-I and IGFBP-2, but not IGF-II or IGFBP-3. Overall, data demonstrate a developmental regulation of the ST/IGF system, with PST challenges altering circulating concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-2 coincident with changes in amino acid metabolism.
INFLUENCE OF RECEIVING DIFFERENT LEVELS OF DIETARY FAT ON THE PERFORMANCE OF FINISHING STEERS; Eighteen crossbred Holstein finishing steers of 200 +/- 25kg weight and 9.5 to 10 months of age were assigned randomly to one of the three groups having 6 animals in each those were supplied with different rations at different levels of calcium long chain of fatty acids (Ca-LCFA) for 120 days and the growth, feed conversion efficiency, dry matter intake and blood profile was studied. The control group received 0% of Ca-LCFA, 1(st) group 3% and the 2(nd) group 6% of CLCFA. The average daily gains of control,1(st) and, 2(nd) groups were 1.083, 1.011 and 1.115kg, respectively and the fed conversion efficiency were 5.340, 5.688 and 5.898 which showed no significant difference treatment (P<0.05) Average daily dry matter intake of entire period in different groups were 7.433, 7.467 and 7.565 which was also not significant (p<0.05). The blood Hemoglobin, Glucose, PCV and total protein were also measured. The pcv of the 2(nd) group was significantly (P<0.05) lower than the other group, and also total protein of control groups was slightly lower than the other two groups.
Whey peptide ingestion suppresses body fat accumulation in senescence-accelerated mouse prone 6 (SAMP6); Body weight in young growing and young adult animals was reduced by a high dietary density of whey protein concentrate; however, it is unclear whether dietary proteins similarly affect body weight in aging animals. Here, we examined whether whey protein or whey peptide ingestion suppressed body fat accumulation and affected protein expression and phosphorylation in skeletal muscle in aging mice.
Bisoprolol alone and in combination with amlodipine or nifedipine in the treatment of chronic stable angina; Beta-blockers and calcium antagonists are both effective monotherapy for stable angina. When symptoms persist, these two agents are commonly co-prescribed in the hope that this combination has added benefit compared with monotherapy alone. We investigated the additional efficacy of the calcium antagonists amiodipine and nifedipine when added to bisoprolol in patients with stable angina. Patients were randomised in a multicentre, single-blind study, with crossover of three treatments consisting of bisoprolol 10 mg once daily, bisoprolol plus nifedipine 20 mg twice daily, and bisoprolol plus amlodipine 5 mg once dairy. Exercise tests were performed at the end of each four-week study period and the exercise time to onset of angina was assessed. A total of 198 patients from 17 centres were recruited of whom 147 were evaluable for efficacy. There were no statistically significant differences in exercise duration to onset of angina between any of the groups. The combination of bisoprolol plus nifedipine was least well tolerated. In summary, this study suggests there is little benefit in adding a calcium antagonist to bisoprolol in treating patients with stable angina.
The influence of maternal dietary fat on the fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism in the subcutaneous fat of progeny pigs; To-investigate the influence of maternal dietary fat intake on the fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism of progeny subcutaneous fat (SQ), fourteen sows were randomly assigned to a control or high fat (HF) group which received a diet containing 8% corn oil starting seven days before farrowing until weaning. The results showed the fatty acid composition in progeny SQ at weaning age generally demonstrated a similar pattern with the sow milk. However, this pattern was not observed at the finishing stage. The stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 mRNA and protein levels in the progeny SQ of the HF group decreased at both sampling stages when compared with controls. The study demonstrated that maternal dietary fat during lactation significantly affected the fatty acid composition of progeny SQ at the weaning stage, yet no obvious lasting effect was observed in progeny SQ at the finishing stage. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Assessment of Fast and Junk Food Consumption and Addiction Among Saudi Population. National Descriptive Study 2020; Kingdome of Saudi Arabia (KSA)has undergone lifestyle changes that have resulted in unhealthy dietary patterns So this study aims to investigate the frequency, determinants, and the context of Fast Food (FF), and Junk Food (JF) consumption, to study the effect of the Saudi Food and Drug Authority (SFDA) food related policy, andto study the use of Ministry of Health (MOH) calorie guide among Saudi population all over KSA. Through a cross-sectional study recruited 355 randomly selected Saudis stratified to represent the 20 health regionsin KSA through a self-administered and validated questionnaire. Ethical approval was obtained for this work. Results The majorityhad age distribution between 20-< 40 y, and 218 (61.4%) were single. The prevalence of FF, and JF consumption was 308 (86.7 %).The most frequently consumed FF in descending order were (French fries, Shawarma, Burger, then Pizza), while the most frequently consumed JF in descending order were (all kinds of cocoa,and cakes, then Ice cream), and more than half of participants did not drink carbonated soft drinks. Dinner was the main time of consuming FF (79.2%), and soft drinks (55.6%), while sweets were consumed mainly as snack (68.8%). The consumption of FF, and JF were significantly higher among young participants. The most common causes for consuming the above mentioned Foods were entertainment 173 (48.5%), eating with friends 100 (28.1%) and due to better taste 92 (25.8%). The majority 48.7% of Saudi were unaware about the SFDA food related policy. Although the use of calorie labeling policy significantly (p<0.05) affected the food choices, reduced the average weekly spending on Saudi Riyal, but not on weight loss. We concluded that FF, and JF consumption among Saudis is a prevalent, and complex problem, indicating a critical need for community-based interventions to change the attitudes and behaviors toward healthy eating.
Prospective evaluation of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on diabetic health associated with gut microbiota; Background: Gut microbiota are critical for proper metabolic functions. Gut health can often be improved with dietary modulation, especially with probiotic and prebiotic. These supplements can stimulate immune system responses and prevent colonization by pathogen. Many diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, heart diseases, obesity, and cancers, benefit from proper function of intestinal microflora. Diabetes is an endocrine disease typically controlled, at least in part, with dietary intervention.
Effect of steam-flaked corn and soybeans on muscle and intramuscular fatty acid composition in Holstein calves; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of steam-flaked corn grains and soybeans on muscle fatty acid composition. Thirty Holstein bull calves (21 +/- 3 d) were divided into 3 groups according to birth date and BW and were randomly assigned to receive fresh milk and a commercial pelleted starter diet containing extruded corn and soybean (ECS), steam-flaked corn and soybean (SFCS), or ground corn and raw soybean (GCS). The calves were fed the designated diet from 3 to 13 wk of age, after which they were slaughtered. The supraspinatus (CTM), longissimus lumborum (RLM), and spinalis dorsi (ERM) were analyzed to determine the chemical and intramuscular fatty acid composition. The fatty acid composition of muscle and its deposition differed among calves fed different starter feeds. Medium-chain fatty acid levels of the RLM and CTM were greater in GCS-fed calves than in ECS- and SFCS-fed calves (P < 0.05). Extruded processing increased the content of linoleic, linolenic, and arachidonic acids of the RLM (P < 0.05). The palmitoleic and trans-vaccenic acid content of the ERM were greater in GCS-fed calves than in ECS-or SFCS-fed calves (P < 0.05). No significant differences were observed among the 3 diets with respect to the stearic, oleic, linoleic, cis-9 trans-11 CLA, or arachidonic acid content of the ERM (P > 0.05). The levels of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids were similar among the 3 groups; a lower n-6: n-3 PUFA ratio was observed in GCS-fed calves (P < 0.05). The cereal processing method of the calf starter feed had no significant effect on the chemical composition of the CTM, RLM, or ERM. Therefore, different methods of processing corn and soybean in calf starter feeds had no effect on the chemical composition of the RLM, CTM, or ERM but had a significant effect on the intramuscular fatty acid composition.
Australian sweet lupin flour addition reduces the glycaemic index of a white bread breakfast without affecting palatability in healthy human volunteers; The addition of some legume ingredients to bread has been associated with effects on glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses that may be beneficial in controlling type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. However, the effect of Australian sweet lupin (Lupinus angustifolius) flour (ASLF) is unknown. This investigation examined the effect of adding ASLF to standard white bread on post-meal glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses and palatability in healthy subjects. Using a randomised, single-blind, cross-over design, 11 subjects consumed one breakfast of ASLF bread and two of standard white bread >= 7 days apart after fasting overnight. Each breakfast also included margarine, jam, and tea with milk and contained 50g available carbohydrate. On each test day, blood samples were taken after fasting, then several times over 2 hours post-prandially, and analysed for plasma glucose and serum insulin. Subjects rated breakfast palatability and perception of satiety. in the fasting state and over 3 hours post-prandially, after which food intake from an ad libitum buffet and for the rest of the day was recorded. Incremental areas under the curves for glucose, insulin and satiety. glycaemic index, insulinaemic index and satiety index were calculated. ASLF addition to the breakfast reduced its glycaemic index (mean +/- SEM; ASLF bread breakfast = 74.0 +/- 9.6. Standard white bread breakfast = 100, P=0.022). raised its insulinaemic index (ASLF bread breakfast = 127.7 +/- 12.0. Standard white bread breakfast = 100 P=0.046), but did not affect palatability, satiety or food intake. ASLF addition resulted in a palatable breakfast; however, the potential benefits of the lowered glycaemic index may be eclipsed by the increased insulinaemic index.
Mesenchymal stem cell therapy in hypertrophic and keloid scars; Scars are the normal outcome of wound repair and involve a co-ordinated inflammatory and fibrotic process. When a scar does not resolve, uncontrolled chronic inflammation can persist and elicits excessive scarring that leads to a range of abnormal phenotypes such as hypertrophic and keloid scars. These pathologies result in significant impairment of quality of life over a long period of time. Existing treatment options are generally unsatisfactory, and there is mounting interest in innovative cell-based therapies. Despite the interest in mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), there is yet to be a human clinical trial that investigates the potential of MSCs in treating abnormal scarring. A synthesis of existing evidence of animal studies may therefore provide insight into the barriers to human application. The aim of this PRISMA systematic review was to evaluate the effectiveness of MSC transplantation in the treatment of hypertrophic and keloid scars in in vivo models. A total of 11 case-control studies were identified that treated a total of 156 subjects with MSCs or MSC-conditioned media. Ten studies assessed hypertrophic scars, and one looked at keloid scars. All studies evaluated scars in terms of macroscopic and histological appearances and most incorporated immunohistochemistry. The included studies all found improvements in the above outcomes with MSC or MSC-conditioned media without complications. The studies reviewed support a role for MSC therapy in treating scars that needs further exploration. The transferability of these findings to humans is limited by factors such as the reliability and validity of the disease model, the need to identify the optimal MSC cell source, and the outcome measures employed.
Effects of paradoxical sleep deprivation and cocaine on genital reflexes in hyperlipidic-fed rats; The present study was designed to investigate the effects of a hyperlipidic diet (HD) on penile erection (PE) and ejaculation (EJ) induced by cocaine in paradoxical sleep deprived (PSD) rats. Secondly, we aimed to verify the influence of HD cafeteria diet on steroid hormone levels. Twenty-one day-old male Wistar rats were randomly assigned into two groups: rats fed with commercial chow diet and rats fed with a palatable HD containing chow mixed with peanuts, milk chocolate and sweet cookies in the proportion of 3:2:2:1. After nine weeks of treatment, the animals were submitted to PSD or maintained as home cage control group for 96 h and challenged with cocaine (7 mg/kg, ip). Results showed that the HD led to a reduction in the frequency of erection in the PSD+cocaine group when compared to the PSD+cocaine fed with standard diet. Regardless of the diet, testosterone concentrations were significantly lower and progesterone was higher in the PSD rats than in the respective home-cage control rats. Although there were no hormonal alterations, the findings showed that a long-term HD might modify the stimulating effects of cocaine in potentiating genital reflexes in PSD rats. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary diversity is related to socioeconomic status among adult Saharawi refugees living in Algeria; Background: There is limited knowledge about dietary quality among the adult population in low-and middle income countries (LMICs). This study aims to describe dietary quality among the adult Saharawi refugee population and to investigate whether dietary quality is associated with socioeconomic status.
Lifestyle and Dietary Factors Associated with the Evolution of Cardiometabolic Risk over Four Years in West-African Adults: The Benin Study; Aim. To assess in adults from Benin changes in cardiometabolic risk (CMR) using both the Framingham risk score (FRS) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) and to examine the effects of diet, and lifestyles, controlling for location and socioeconomic status. Methods. Apparently healthy subjects (n = 541) aged 25-60 years and randomly selected in the largest city, a small town, and rural areas were included in the four-year longitudinal study. Along with CMR factors, socioeconomic, diet and lifestyle data were collected in individual interviews. A food score based on consumption frequency of four "sentinel" food groups (meat and poultry, dairy, eggs, and vegetables) was developed. Lifestyle included physical activity, alcohol and tobacco use. Education and income (proxy) were the socioeconomic variables. Results. Among the subjects with four-year follow-up data (n = 416), 13.5% were at risk at baseline, showing MetS or FRS = 10%. The incidence of MetS and FRS = 10% during follow-up was 8.2% and 5%, respectively. CMR deteriorated in 21% of subjects. Diet and lifestyle mediated location and income effects on CMR evolution. Low food scores and inactivity increased the likelihood of CMR deterioration. Conclusion. Combining MetS and FRS might be appropriate for surveillance purposes in order to better capture CMR and inform preventive measures.
Price Changes Alone Are Not Adequate to Produce Long-Term Dietary Change; Taxation has been proposed as a means to reduce consumption of unhealthy food items. However, it is unknown if taxation without regulations or other activities known to shift eating behaviors lead to long-term dietary change. This unexplored issue is examined using data from the Russia Longitudinal Monitoring Survey. Data were from adults aged 25-55 y who participated in the nationally representative Russian Longitudinal Monitoring Survey. Twenty-four hour dietary recalls, detailed food expenditure data, and community-level food prices collected over 1994-2005 were used for these analyses. Longitudinal random effects models were used to test the relation of time on the structure of diet while controlling for total household expenditures. The proportion of total energy consumed from fat was higher in all other years combined compared with 1998 (P < 0.001). The proportion of dietary fat from high-fat meat and high-fat dairy items were lowest in 1998 and increased over subsequent years despite increasing costs. Percent fat from fats and oils continued to decline with rising costs. Price changes led to substantial shifts in the structure of food consumption. However, except for the most expensive items, consumption of items returned to levels consumed in the former Soviet Union following price stabilization. J. Nutr. 140: 1887-1891, 2010.
Effects of probiotics supplementation on macrophage migration inhibitory factor and clinical laboratory feature of polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a set of reproductive and metabolic symptoms associated with an imbalance of reproductive hormones in women. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is an inflammatory adipocytokine associated with metabolic disorders. Probiotics probably has influence on metabolic and inflammatory conditions. We aimed by this study, for the first time, to evaluate the impact of probiotic supplementation on MIF values, clinical and laboratory feature of PCOS. Furthermore, we aimed to explore the power of MIF for diagnosis PCOS.
Memory for reward location is enhanced even though acetylcholine efflux within the amygdala is impaired in rats with damage to the diencephalon produced by thiamine deficiency; A rodent model of diencephalic amnesia produced by thiamine deficiency (pyrithiamine-induced thiamine deficiency [PTD]) was implemented to assess both changes in behavior and acetylcholine (ACh) efflux in the amygdala across four training sessions of a delayed alternation task Two versions of the delayed alternation task were used In one version when a correct alternation was made a unique reward was paired with each spatial location ([left arm-chocolate milk] or [right arm-rat chow]) This paradigm is called the differential outcomes procedure (DOP) In the second version of the task correct delayed alternation resulted in the same rewards but randomized across location (Nondifferential Outcomes Procedure [NOP]) The PTD rats were impaired on the first session of delayed alternation testing However both control and PTD rats using the DOP performed significantly better on delayed alternation than rats trained with the NOP This effect was driven primarily by the PTD rats in the DOP condition outperforming all other groups on sessions 2-4 Although ACh efflux in the amygdala increased during delayed alternation testing in all groups the NOP-trained rats had a greater rise in training-related ACh release in the post-training period This suggests that increased amygdalar cholinergic activation is more critical for processing spatial information than episodic reward information These data correspond with the idea that cholinergic activation of the amygdala promotes processing in other neural systems (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects; The purpose of the present study was to determine whether probiotic supplementation (Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS)) prevents diet-induced insulin resistance in human subjects. A total of seventeen healthy subjects were randomised to either a probiotic (n 8) or a control (n 9) group. The probiotic group consumed a LcS-fermented milk drink twice daily for 4 weeks, whereas the control group received no supplementation. Subjects maintained their normal diet for the first 3 weeks of the study, after which they consumed a high-fat (65% of energy), high-energy (50% increase in energy intake) diet for 7 d. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test conducted before and after overfeeding. Body mass increased by 0.6 (SE 0.2) kg in the control group (P<0.05) and by 0.3 (SE 0.2) kg in the probiotic group (P>0.05). Fasting plasma glucose concentrations increased following 7 d of overeating (control group: 5.3 (SE 0.1) v. 5.6 (SE 0.2) mmol/l before and after overfeeding, respectively, P<0.05), whereas fasting serum insulin concentrations were maintained in both groups. Glucose AUC values increased by 10% (from 817 (SE 45) to 899 (SE 39) mmol/l per 120 min, P<0.05) and whole-body insulin sensitivity decreased by 27% (from 5.3 (SE 1.4) to 3.9 (SE 0.9), P<0.05) in the control group, whereas normal insulin sensitivity was maintained in the probiotic group (4.4 (SE 0.8) and 4.5 (SE 0.9) before and after overeating, respectively (P>0.05). These results suggest that probiotic supplementation may be useful in the prevention of diet-induced metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
The relationship between major food sources of fructose and cardiovascular disease, cancer, and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; We aimed to summarize the associations between food sources of fructose and cardiovascular diseases (CVD), cancer, and all-cause mortality risk using a systematic review and meta-analysis. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to November 2020. We included cohort studies that investigated the relationship between mortality risk (all-cause, CVD, specific CVD, and total and site-specific cancers) and intake of >= 1 food source of fructose (fruit, fruit juice, breakfast cereals, sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs), sweets, and yogurt) in general adult population. Summary hazard ratios and 95% CIs were estimated using a random-effects model for linear and nonlinear relationships. Findings indicated that each 100 g/d increase in fruit intake was associated with 8-13% lower risk of CVDs, stroke, gastrointestinal, and lung cancer mortality. For all-cause mortality, there was a beneficial relationship up to 200 g/d fruit, and then plateaued. For ischemic heart disease and cancer mortality, there was a beneficial relationship up to 300 g/d followed by a slight increase. Ingestion of breakfast cereals and sweets was also associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. For yogurt, a non-linear marginal decrease in all-cause mortality was found. Ingestion of each 200 g/d yogurt was associated with a 14% lower risk of CVD mortality. Every 60 g/d increase in sweet intake was linked to a 5% lower risk of all-cause mortality. Contrariwise, every 250 g/d increase in SSBs intake was associated with 7-10% higher risk of all-cause and CVD mortality. In conclusion, beneficial associations were found between fruit, breakfast cereals, sweets, and yogurt with all-cause and/or CVD mortality risk. Fruit intake had also an inverse link with cancer mortality. Conversely, SSBs had a harmful relationship with all-cause and CVD mortality. Registry number: CRD42019144956
One Egg per Day Improves Inflammation when Compared to an Oatmeal-Based Breakfast without Increasing Other Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Diabetic Patients; There is concern that egg intake may increase blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, we have previously shown that eggs reduce inflammation in patients at risk for T2DM, including obese subjects and those with metabolic syndrome. Thus, we hypothesized that egg intake would not alter plasma glucose in T2DM patients when compared to oatmeal intake. Our primary endpoints for this clinical intervention were plasma glucose and the inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin 6 (IL-6). As secondary endpoints, we evaluated additional parameters of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemias, oxidative stress and inflammation. Twenty-nine subjects, 35-65 years with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values <9% were recruited and randomly allocated to consume isocaloric breakfasts containing either one egg/day or 40 g of oatmeal with 472 mL of lactose-free milk/day for five weeks. Following a three-week washout period, subjects were assigned to the alternate breakfast. At the end of each period, we measured all primary and secondary endpoints. Subjects completed four-day dietary recalls and one exercise questionnaire for each breakfast period. There were no significant differences in plasma glucose, our primary endpoint, plasma lipids, lipoprotein size or subfraction concentrations, insulin, HbA1c, apolipoprotein B, oxidized LDL or C-reactive protein. However, after adjusting for gender, age and body mass index, aspartate amino-transferase (AST) (p < 0.05) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha (p < 0.01), one of our primary endpoints were significantly reduced during the egg period. These results suggest that compared to an oatmeal-based breakfast, eggs do not have any detrimental effects on lipoprotein or glucose metabolism in T2DM. In contrast, eggs reduce AST and TNF-alpha in this population characterized by chronic low-grade inflammation.
Functional foods and dietary supplements for the management of dyslipidaemia; Dyslipidaemia is characterized by increased blood levels of total or LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, or decreased HDL cholesterol levels, and is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dyslipidaemia has a high worldwide prevalence, and many patients are turning to alternatives to pharmacotherapy to manage their lipid levels. Lifestyle modification should be emphasized in all patients to reduce cardiovascular risk and can be initiated before pharmacotherapy in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Many functional foods and natural health products have been investigated for potential lipid-lowering properties. Those with good evidence for a biochemical effect on plasma lipid levels include soy protein, green tea, plant sterols, probiotic yogurt, marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids and red yeast rice. Other products such as seaweed, berberine, hawthorn and garlic might confer some limited benefit in certain patient groups. Although none of these products can reduce lipid levels to the same extent as statins, most are safe to use in addition to other lifestyle modifications and pharmacotherapy. Natural health products marketed at individuals with dyslipidaemia, such as policosanol, guggulsterone and resveratrol, have minimal definitive evidence of a biochemical benefit. Additional research is required in this field, which should include large, high-quality randomized controlled trials with long follow-up periods to investigate associations with cardiovascular end points.
COMPARISON OF CALORIE-DEFINED DIET WITH CONVENTIONAL EXCHANGE DIET IN TYPE-2 DIABETES-MELLITUS; Meal planning using food exchange lists is problematic for many elderly type 2 diabetic subjects because the system is too complicated and too rigid regarding the daily meals. In addition, exchange lists are calorically imprecise. 12 non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects agreed to participate in the present study (6 male, 6 female; age 40-82 years, weight 80 +/- 6 kg; Hb(Alc) 7.3 +/- 0.3%); they received sequentially in randomized order either a diet using exchange lists, or a diet defined by total amount of allowed daily calories ("calorie diet"), both containing approx. 25 calories/kg ideal body weight/day, each for 8 weeks. The "exchange lists" mainly contained foods which were defined according to their content in carbohydrates (including bread exchanges, fruit exchanges, milk exchanges, vegetable exchanges). With the "calorie diet" the patients were relatively free during the day, the only rule being that they were allowed to consume a certain amount of calories per day, using a "calorie ruler". The results demonstrated that body weight decreased similarly during both diet periods (2.0 +/- 0.8 kg during the exchange list diet; 2.5 +/- 0.9 kg during the "calorie diet"). Fasting blood glucose concentration decreased during the "calorie diet" by 7% (p < 0.05; fasting blood glucose at the end of the "calorie diet" was lower than after the exchange list diet (p < 0.016).
Conditioned nutritional requirements: Therapeutic relevance to heart failure; The advent of disease, genetic predisposition or certain drug therapies may significantly alter the recommended daily intake for specific nutrients published by government agencies and established in healthy people. That is the nutritional demands of a given physiological state or pathological process such as myocardial failure may result in "conditioned nutrient requirements or deficiencies" for the affected organ-in this case the myocardium and perhaps skeletal muscle. Several specific metabolic deficiencies have been found in the failing myocardium: (1) a reduction in 1-carnitine, coenzyme Q10, creatine and thiamine-nutrient co-factors important for myocardial energy production; (2) a relative deficiency of taurine, an amino acid integral to intracellular calcium homeostasis; (3) increased myocardial oxidative stress and a reduction of antioxidant defenses. Deficiencies of carnitine or taurine alone are well documented to result in dilated cardiomyopathy in animals and humans. Each of these deficiencies is amenable to restoration through dietary supplementation. A variety of nutrients have been investigated as single therapeutic agents in pharmacological fashion but there has been no broad-based approach to nutritional supplementation in CHF to correct this complex of metabolic abnormalities. We have demonstrated deficiencies in carnitine, taurine and coenzyme Q10 in cardiomyopathic hamster hearts during the late stage of the cardiomyopathy. In another study, we randomized placebo diet against a supplement containing taurine, co-enzyme Q10, carnitine, thiamine, creatine, vitamin E, C and selenium to cardiomyopathic hamsters, during the late stages of the disease. Supplementation for 3 months markedly improved myocyte sarcomeric structure, developed pressure, +dp/dt and-dp/dt measured in a Langendorff apparatus. We also documented in carnitine, taurine and coenzyme Q10 in biopsies taken front human failing hearts, the levels correlating with ventricular function. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of a supplement containing these nutrients, given for 30 days, restored myocardial levels and resulted in a significant decrease in left ventricular end-diastolic volume. These experiments suggest that a comprehensive restoration of adequate myocyte nutrition should be essential to any therapeutic strategy designed to benefit patients suffering from CHF. Future studies in this area are of clinical importance.
Diet or exercise, or both, for weight reduction in women after childbirth; Background
Effect of short-term high dietary calcium intake on 24-h energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and fecal fat excretion; BACKGROUND: Observational studies have shown an inverse association between dietary calcium intake and body weight, and a causal relation is likely. However, the underlying mechanisms are not understood.
Reductions in whole-body fat mass but not increases in lean mass predict changes in cardiometabolic health indices with exercise training among weight-stable adults; We assessed whether body composition changes with 9 months of exercise training predicted changes in cardiometabolic health indices in weight-stable adults. We hypothesized that within 5% weight change, changes in whole-body fat and lean masses would predict changes in cardiometabolic health indices with exercise training. Using a randomized parallel design, 152 adults (age: 49 +/- 8 year; body mass index: 30.0 +/- 2.7 kg/m(2); mean +/- SD) performed resistance exercises 2 d/wk and aerobic exercises 1 d/wk for 9 months. Participants consumed isoenergetic supplements with 0, 10, 20, or 30 g whey protein twice daily and remained weight stable within 5% of baseline weight. Body weight and composition were measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry pre- and postintervention. Multiple linear regression model was applied for data analyses. Independent of whey protein supplementation, reductions in fat mass predicted increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (unstandardized beta-coefficient [beta], -0.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.06 to -0.01; P =.007) and insulin sensitivity index (beta, -0.52; 95% CI, -0.95 to -0.09; P =.018) and decreases in waist circumference (beta, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.17-1.18; P =.009). In contrast, increases in lean mass did not predict changes in any of the measured cardiometabolic health indices. Health improvements with training that emphasize resistance exercises are typically attributed to increases in lean mass; however, these results underscore reducing body fat to predict cardiometabolic health improvements. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effects of Combined Calcium and Vitamin D Supplementation on Insulin Secretion, Insulin Sensitivity and β-Cell Function in Multi-Ethnic Vitamin D-Deficient Adults at Risk for Type 2 Diabetes: A Pilot Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objectives: To examine whether combined vitamin D and calcium supplementation improves insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, beta-cell function, inflammation and metabolic markers.
Pre-sleep protein in casein supplement or whole-food form has no impact on resting energy expenditure or hunger in women; The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of a whole-food protein (cottage cheese, CC) consumed before sleep on next-morning resting energy expenditure (REE), RER and appetite compared with an isoenergetic/isonitrogenous casein protein (CP) supplement and placebo (PL) in active women. In a beverage-blinded, randomised, cross-over design, ten active women (age, 23.1 (sd 1.9) years; body fat, 22.0 (sd 4.6) %) consumed pre-sleep CC (30 g of protein, 10 g of carbohydrate and 0 g of fat) or energy- and protein-matched liquid CP or PL (0 kJ). Participants arrived at 18.00 hours for an overnight stay in the laboratory. At 30-60 min before normal bed time (2 h post standard meal), participants consumed CC, CP or PL before measurement of REE. Upon waking (05.00-08.00 hours), REE was repeated and subjective appetite was recorded. Statistical analyses were conducted using repeated-measures ANOVA (SPSS). Significance was accepted at P <= 0.05. There were no significant differences in acute REE (CC, 7217 (sd 1368); CP, 7188 (SD 895); PL, 7075 (sd 1108) kJ/d, P = 0.95), acute RER (0.79 (sd 0.05), P = 0.56), morning REE (CC, 5840 (sd 1225); CP, 5694 (sd 732); PL, 5991 (sd 903) kJ/d, P = 0.79) or morning RER (0.77 (sd 0.03), P = 0.52). Subjective measures of appetite were not different between groups. In active women, pre-sleep consumption of CC does not alter REE or RER more than a CP or PL beverage. These data suggest that the metabolic response from whole-food protein do not differ from the metabolic response of liquid protein.
Reduction in consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with weight loss: the PREMIER trial; Background: Consumption of liquid calories from beverages has increased in parallel with the obesity epidemic in the US population, but their causal relation remains unclear.
Assessment of the genetic and clinical determinants of fracture risk: genome wide association and mendelian randomisation study; OBJECTIVE
Efficacy and safety of chemopreventive agents on colorectal cancer incidence and mortality: systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background: Various interventions have been tested as primary prevention of colorectal cancers (CRC), but comprehensive evidence comparing them is absent. We examined the effects of various chemopreventive agents (CPAs) on CRC incidence and mortality.
The effect of six months treatment with a 100 mg daily dose of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) on circulating sex steroids, body composition and muscle strength in age-advanced men and women; OBJECTIVE The biological role of the adrenal sex steroid precursors - DHEA and DHEA sulphate (DS) and their decline with ageing remains undefined. We observed previously that administration of a 50 dairy dose of DHEA for 3 months to age-advanced men and women resulted in an elevation (10%) of serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) accompanied by improvement of self-reported physical and psychological well-being. These findings led us to assess the effect of a larger dose (100 mg) of DHEA for a longer duration (6 months) on circulating sex steroids, body composition (DEXA) and muscle strength (MedX).
25-Hydroxyvitamin D in Canadian adults: biological, environmental, and behavioral correlates; We assessed vitamin D status and its correlates in the population-based Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study (CaMos). Results showed that serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels < 75 nmol/L were common. Given Canada's high latitude, attention should be given to strategies for enhancing vitamin D status in the population.
Role of probiotics in modulating glucose homeostasis: evidence from animal and human studies; Aim: Evidences from several studies suggest that probiotics affect glucose homeostasis. This paper reviews the results of animal and human studies on the role of probiotics in modulating glucose homeostasis. Method: A systematic literature search using multiple databases was conducted without time limitation. Primary outcomes evaluated were parameters related to glucose homeostasis. Secondary outcomes were inflammatory markers, lipid profile, body weight, and energy intake. Results: A total of 17 animal studies and four human studies were identified. Among these, 16 animal studies and three human studies had documented significant improvements in at least one glucose homeostasis related parameter. Inflammatory markers and lipid profile were significantly improved in the animal model, while data from human studies were controversial. Changes in body weight and energy intake that could be due to probiotics supplementation were also inconclusive. Conclusion: Well-designed placebo-controlled clinical trials with validated outcome variables are needed to determine the effect of probiotics on glucose homeostasis.
Vitamin D deficiency in British South Asians, a persistent but avoidable problem associated with many health risks (including rickets, T2DM, CVD, COVID-19 and pregnancy complications): the case for correcting this deficiency; High vitamin D deficiency rates, with rickets and osteomalacia, have been common in South Asians (SAs) arriving in Britain since the 1950s with preventable infant deaths from hypocalcaemic status-epilepticus and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D deficiency increases common SA disorders (type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease), recent trials and non-linear Mendelian randomisation studies having shown deficiency to be causal for both disorders. Ethnic minority, obesity, diabetes and social deprivation are recognised COVID-19 risk factors, but vitamin D deficiency is not, despite convincing mechanistic evidence of it. Adjusting analyses for obesity/ethnicity abolishes vitamin D deficiency in COVID-19 risk prediction, but both factors lower serum 25(OH)D specifically. Social deprivation inadequately explains increased ethnic minority COVID-19 risks. SA vitamin D deficiency remains uncorrected after 70 years, official bodies using 'education', 'assimilation' and 'diet' as 'proxies' for ethnic differences and increasing pressures to assimilate. Meanwhile, English rickets was abolished from similar to 1940 by free 'welfare foods' (meat, milk, eggs, cod liver oil), for all pregnant/nursing mothers and young children (<5 years old). Cod liver oil was withdrawn from antenatal clinics in 1994 (for excessive vitamin A teratogenicity), without alternative provision. The take-up of the 2006 'Healthy-Start' scheme of food-vouchers for low-income families with young children (<3 years old) has been poor, being inaccessible and poorly publicised. COVID-19 pandemic advice for UK adults in 'lockdown' was '400 IU vitamin D/day', inadequate for correcting the deficiency seen winter/summer at 17.5%/5.9% in White, 38.5%/30% in Black and 57.2%/50.8% in SA people in representative UK Biobank subjects when recruited similar to 14 years ago and remaining similar in 2018. Vitamin D inadequacy worsens many non-skeletal health risks. Not providing vitamin D for preventing SA rickets and osteomalacia continues to be unacceptable, as deficiency-related health risks increase ethnic health disparities, while abolishing vitamin D deficiency would be easier and more cost-effective than correcting any other factor worsening ethnic minority health in Britain.
Feeding plant and fish oils to improve polyunsaturated fat concentrations in intramuscular, perirenal and subcutaneous lambs' fat; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of supplemental plant and fish oils on adipose tissue fatty acids concentration and animal performance in lambs. Twenty four lambs with initial live weight of 20 kg 2 kg were fed one of four diets. Animals were randomly allocated to one of four treatments (n=6): 1) basal diet containing 52% concentrate and 48% meadow hay (CON); 2) basal diet plus 5% of rapeseed and linseed oils blend (RSO/LSO); 3) basal diet plus 5% of linseed and fish oils blend (LSO/FO); 4) basal diet plus 5% of rapeseed, linseed and fish oils blend (RSO/LSO/FO). Adipose tissue samples from subcutaneous, perirenal and intramuscular depots were Iyophilized and analyzed for lipid content and fatty acid composition. Feed intake and average daily gains did not differ by dietary treatments and no statistically differences were noted. The most substantial (P<0.05) increase in unsaturated fatty acids concentration, including conjugated isomers of C18:2, was obtained in all fat depots in lambs fed LSO/FO diet. We can conclude that oil rich in linoleic acid given in a mixture with fish oil may be a good supplement to ruminant diets that enhance fatty acid composition of received product, i.e. meat.
Exploring the Causal Relationship Between Modifiable Exposures and Diabetes Mellitus: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analysis; Background Observational studies link lifestyle factors to diabetes, but confounding limits causal inference. This study employed Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the potential causal effects of major dietary, obesity, smoking, and physical activity exposures on diabetes risk. Methods A two -sample MR framework integrated FinnGen and United Kingdom Biobank (UKB) data. Genetic instruments for diet (fruits, vegetables, cheese), smoking (initiation, intensity, maternal), body mass index (BMI), and physical activity came from various consortia (n=64, 949-632, 802). Associations with diabetes odds were assessed using inverse -variance weighted analysis. Results Fruit and cheese intake and physical activity per standard deviation increase causally reduced diabetes risk in both cohorts. Conversely, smoking initiation, maternal smoking around birth, and BMI per standard deviation increase causally increased diabetes risk in both cohorts. Coffee increased diabetes risk only in FinnGen, whereas smoking intensity increased diabetes risk only in UKB. Conclusion This study provides robust evidence that modifiable lifestyle factors may have causal effects on diabetes risk. Fruit, cheese, and physical activity may protect against diabetes, whereas smoking, maternal smoking, and higher BMI appear to increase risk. Findings support public health interventions targeting diet, physical activity, smoking cessation, and healthy weight to combat the global diabetes epidemic.
Moderate over-feeding of different sources of metabolizable energy and protein improved gestational insulin resistance markers and maternal metabolic status of sheep around lambing; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of moderate over-nutrition of energy (using flaxseed as a source of n-3 fatty acids) and protein (using rumen-protected lysine and methionine) around parturition on prepartal insulin resistance (IR) and periparturient metabolic status and performance of ewes. For this purpose, 32 apparently healthy ewes (2.5 +/- 1 years old, 42.19 +/- 1.65 kg body weight (BW)) were randomly selected out of 200 pregnant Zell ewes on d 50 before the expected lambing. After receiving a ten-day adaptation diet, eight ewes were randomly allocated to one of the following four dietary treatments: 1) the adaptation diet that meets the metabolizable energy (ME) and protein (MP) requirements of ewes during late pregnancy as recommended by National Research Council = NRC (2007) (Control = CON). 2) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME than NRC (2007) recommendations using corn grain as a source of extra ME (HEC). 3) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME compared to NRC (2007) recommendations using flaxseed for additional ME (HEF). 4) A diet with a 10% higher level of MP than NRC (2007) recommendations using rumen-protected lysine and methionine as a source of extra MP (PRO). While the dietary treatments did not affect animals' dry matter intake (DMI), the CON ewes lost more BW starting from d 10 to d 30 relative to parturition compared to others (P < 0.05). Milk protein and fat yield (g/d) were significantly higher for PRO and HEF compared to HEC and CON ewes (P < 0.05). Moderately over-fed ewes with MP and ME had an improved insulin sensitivity (IS) compared to CON ones. The source of additional ME also impacted IR indices because HEC showed an enhancement in IS than HEF animals (P < 0.05). A lower IS in CON ewes was parallel with higher concentrations of plasma urea at prepartum (P < 0.01), lower levels of plasma cholesterol, triglyceride (P < 0.01) and glucose post-partum (P < 0.05), and a tendency for higher levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and non-esterifled fatty acids (NEFA) in CON ewes during both pre- and post-partum periods. There were negative correlations between plasma urea, BHB, and NEFA with IR markers on d 7 prepartum in line with these results. Comparing data, we could not find a significant change in metabolic status among ewes fed with either PRO or HEF/HEC. In conclusion, the inclusion of 10% extra MP and ME could improve late gestation maternal IS and the metabolic status of dams around lambing. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Reduced-Fat Response of <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>casei</i> subsp. <i>casei</i> SY13 on a Time and Dose-Dependent Model; A reduced-fat effect of probiotics was primarily derived functionally rather than structurally, and we investigated the ultra-structural aspect of the gut mucosa in Syrian golden hamsters with high-fat diet by feeding with Lactobacillus casei subsp. casei SY13 (Lc SY13). 36 adult-male Syrian golden hamsters were randomly grouped into four; control group (G1), high-fat group (G2), high-dose group (G3), and low-dose group (G4). The G1 hamsters were fed a standard normal chow diet, while those in other groups were fed a high-fat chow diet for duration of 8 weeks. With the use of oral gavage, G1 hamsters were administered 1 mL of skim milk/hamster/day, while G3 and G4 hamsters were administered Lc SY13 at 4.1 x 10(10) or 4.1 x 10(8) cells/hamster/day. At 14, 28, and 56 days consecutively, three golden hamsters from each group were sacrificed by carotid, taking blood from eyeball for quantitative detection of hamsters serum total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TO), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL). At 56 days, Taqman-MGB fluorescence probe was used for the quantitative detection of Lc SY13 in the intestinal mucosal, and their ileum was viewed using transmission electron microscopy (TEM). Screening of the ileum microvilli of the hamsters showed that at 56 days, G3 was significantly (P < 0.05) bigger than other groups while its serum TC, TG, and TDL decreased. Lc SY13 was detected in the intestines, and was significantly (P < 0.05) higher in the ileum of G3 than those of G4. In conclusion, Lc SY13 may play a remarkable reduced-fat response role by improving high-fat uptake as well as its metabolism and transport; most especially in G3. The reduced-fat response of the Lc SY13 differed in a time and dose-dependent manner. These findings indicated that probiotic strains of Lc SY13 can reduce fat level, thus suggesting its potential in ameliorating obesity-related diseases.
Antioxidant Lipid Supplement on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The efficacy of functional lipids with antioxidant properties in reducing cardiovascular risk has not been consistent. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting estimates for the effects of antioxidant functional lipid supplementations on cardiometabolic risk factors were searched up to 1 May 2024. Overall, antioxidant lipid supplementations, compared with placebo, had favorable effects on systolic blood pressure (lycopene: -1.95 [-3.54, -0.36] mmHg), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (n6 fatty acid: -0.39 [-0.71, -0.06] mmol/L; astaxanthin: -0.11 [-0.21, -0.01] mmol/L), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (n3 fatty acid: 0.20 [0.13, 0.27] mmol/L; n6 fatty acid: 0.08 [0.01, 0.14] mmol/L; astaxanthin: 0.13 [0.05, 0.21] mmol/L), total cholesterol (n6 fatty acid: -0.24 [-0.37, -0.11] mmol/L; astaxanthin: -0.22 [-0.32, -0.12] mmol/L; beta-carotene: -0.13 [-0.23, -0.04] mmol/L), triglyceride (n3 fatty acid: -0.37 [-0.47, -0.28] mmol/L; astaxanthin: -0.46 [-0.83, -0.10] mmol/L), and fasting blood insulin (astaxanthin: -2.66 [-3.98, -1.34] pmol/L). The benefits of antioxidant lipid supplementations appeared to be most evident in blood pressure and blood lipids in participants with different cardiometabolic health statuses. Notably, n9 fatty acid increased triglyceride and hemoglobin A1C in the total population, which increases CVD risk. Antioxidant lipid supplementations ameliorate cardiometabolic risk factors, while their effect may depend on type and cardiometabolic health status. Long-term RCTs are needed to corroborate risk-benefit ratios across different antioxidant functional lipid supplementation settings.
Food security of food recipients of a food pantry and soup kitchen; Objective To discern the impact of food donations provided by a food pantry and soup kitchen on food security. Design In this cross-sectional study, participants completed a demographic questionnaire, core food security module, FFQ and list of food donations. The FFQ was utilized to assess diet quality as estimated via the 2010 Healthy Eating Index. Setting Clients were selected randomly from a food pantry and soup kitchen in Central Texas, USA. Participants A total of 222 adults. Results Approximately 73 % of participants lacked food security. Compared with the food secure, the food insecure consisted of 61 % men, 42 % Caucasians, 56 % single and 67 % homeless. Also, of the food insecure, 60 % were soup kitchen clients and 64 % had an annual income <$US 1000 (P<0 center dot 01). The probability of food insecurity was reduced by >= 1 center dot 17-fold when the total dietary intake included the food donations, as these were rich in fruits, total vegetables and grains, dairy and protein foods (P<0 center dot 05). Conclusions Food insecurity was quite prevalent in this sample of individuals who visited food pantries and soup kitchens. The addition of food donations improved the quality of the participants' total diet and had a positive influence on food security. Thus, community organizations should financially support these food assistance agencies and strive to offer a variety of healthy and tasty foods in adequate quantities to provide optimum diet quality.
Empirically derived dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis on prospective observational studies; Objective To systematically review prospective cohort studies about the association between dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) incidence, and to quantify the effects using a meta-analysis.
Conflicting Messages on Food and Beverage Packages: Front-of-Package Nutritional Labeling, Health and Nutrition Claims in Brazil; We assessed the prevalence of front-of-package (FoP) claims in the Brazilian packaged food supply and examined whether foods with claims were more likely to be high in critical nutrients. Using data from a random 30% subsample of 11,434 foods and beverages collected in the five largest food retailers in Brazil in 2017 (n = 3491), we classified claims into nutrition, health, and environment. We examined whether foods with claims were more likely to be high in critical nutrients using 95% confidence intervals. Claims were found in 41.2% of the products. Nutrition claims were the most prevalent (28.5%), followed by health (22.1%), and environment-related claims (5.2%). More than 85% of the breakfast cereals, granola bars, and nectars contained claims, which were found in 51% of the dairy beverages. Foods with nutrition claims were more likely to be high in critical nutrients (65.3%; 95% CI 62.3, 68.2% vs. 54.1% 95% CI 52.1, 56.0). Products with health (52.9%; 95% CI 49.3, 56.4% vs. 58.5%; 95% CI 56.6, 60.3) and environment-related claims (33.5%; 95% CI 27.0, 40.8% vs. 58.6%; 95% CI 56.9, 60.2%) were less likely to be high in critical nutrients. FoP claims are prevalent in Brazil, and nutrition claims are more likely to have a poorer nutritional profile. Policymakers should consider restricting the presence of claims on unhealthy products.
Comparison of the effects of thymoquinone and silymarin on the brain of rats having ischemia-reperfusion in the lower extremities; AIM: We aimed to show whether ischemia reperfusion (I/R) injury causes damage on brain or not, and whether thymoquinone and silymarin, as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory herbs, have beneficial effects on this damage or not.
Utilization of extruded linseed to modify fatty composition of intensively-reared lamb meat: Effect of associated cereals (wheat vs. corn) and linoleic acid content of the diet; Sixty male lambs were used in two trials to study the efficiency of transfer and elongation of linolenic acid (ALA) in Muscle and caudal adipose tissue and to assess factors affecting this process and related changes in fatty acid (FA) profile. In experiment 1, lambs were fed a control diet or extruded linseed (L) diet either with wheat (W, rapid starch) or corn (C, slow starch). in experiment 2, lambs were fed L with "normal" rapeseed, or high-oleic rapeseed, or soybean. In experiment 1, L increased ALA proportion and total n-3 PUFA in muscle and adipose tissue. In adipose tissue but not in muscle, LC lambs had higher proportion of ALA than LW lambs. In experiment 2, increasing linoleic acid (LA) intake increased LA proportion in muscle and adipose tissue but did not modify ALA proportion. Moreover, in muscle, it did not change the desaturation and elongation processes of ALA to long-chain n-3 PUFA. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Diseases in Asia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; With emerging Asian-derived diet quality indices and data-driven dietary patterns available, we aimed to synthesize the various dietary patterns and quantify its association with cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among Asian populations. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Web of Science for observational studies in South, Southeast, and East Asia. Dietary patterns were grouped " high- quality, " which included high intakes of three or more of the following food groups: 1 ) fruits and vegetables, 2 ) whole grains, 3 ) healthy protein sources (legumes and nuts, fi sh and seafood, low-fat dairy, and lean meat and poultry), and 4 ) liquid plant oils. High-quality patterns were further subcategorized based on their derivation methods: non-Asian indices, Asian indices, data-driven patterns, and plant-based indices. Dietary patterns were grouped " low-quality, " which included high intakes of two or more of the following: 5 ) ultraprocessed food, 6 ) beverages and foods with added sugars, 7 ) foods high in salt, and 8 ) alcoholic beverages. Data-driven dietary patterns characterized by animal food sources were labeled " animal-based, " and studies using dietary diversity scores were labeled " diet diversity indices. " Dietary patterns that could not be meaningfully categorized were summarized narratively. Study-speci fi c effect estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Forty-one studies were included in this review. Higher adherence to high-quality dietary patterns in the top compared with bottom tertile de fi ned by non-Asian indices (RR: 0.78; 95% CI: 0.69, 0.88; GRADE: moderate), Asian indices (RR: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.90; GRADE: low), and data-driven patterns (RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.74, 0.89; GRADE: moderate) were associated with lower CVD risk. Plant-based, low-quality, animal-based, and diet diversity indices dietary patterns were not associated with CVD. Associations of Asian diet quality indices and CVD risk were weaker than those with non-Asian indices, highlighting the need for current Asian diet quality criteria to be updated to better capture the impact of diet on CVD.
Glucose-lowering effect of whey protein depends upon clinical characteristics of patients with type 2 diabetes; Objective Whey protein (WP) intake has been shown to reduce postprandial glycemia. Majority of WP research in type 2 diabetes (T2DM) involved acute challenge or weight loss studies. It is not known if WP supplementation can provide sustained glucose lowering. Our goal was to investigate the effects of WP on glycemia comprehensively by using continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) while avoiding the confounding effects of variable food intake through controlled feeding.
Nutritional modulation of metabolic inflammation; Metabolic inflammation is a very topical area of research, wherein aberrations in metabolic and inflammatory pathways probably contribute to atherosclerosis, insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes. Metabolic insults arising from obesity promote inflammation, which in turn impedes insulin signalling and reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). Key cells in the process are metabolically activated macrophages, which up-regulate both pro-and anti-inflammatory pathways in response to lipid spillover from adipocytes. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) are regulators of cellular homeostasis that influence both inflammatory and metabolic pathways. Dietary fats, such as saturated fatty acids (SFAs), can differentially modulate metabolic inflammation. Palmitic acid, in particular, is a well-characterized nutrient that promotes metabolic inflammation via the NLRP3 (the nod-like receptor containing a pyrin domain) inflammasome, which is partly attributable to AMPK inhibition. Conversely, some unsaturated fatty acids are less potent agonists of metabolic inflammation. For example, monounsaturated fatty acid does not reduce AMPK as potently as SFA and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids actively resolve inflammation via resolvins and protectins. Nevertheless, the full extent to which nutritional state modulates metabolic inflammation requires greater clarification.
Moderate overfeeding of different sources of metabolizable energy and protein. II: Effects on inflammatory status of sheep in late pregnancy and growth trajectory of the offspring; Our objective was to evaluate the effects of moderate overfeeding of different sources of metabolizable energy (ME) and protein (MP) on inflammatory status of sheep in late gestation and short-term growth performance of the offspring. A total of 32 healthy pregnant Zell ewes (2.5 +/- 1 years old, 42.19 +/- 1.65 kg body weight [BW]) were selected 7 weeks before lambing. After receiving a ten-day adaptation diet, eight ewes were randomly allocated to each of the four treatments including: 1) The adaptation diet that fulfills ME and MP requirements, according to the National Research Council's (NRC, 2007) recommen-dations for late pregnant ewes (CON); 2) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME than CON, using corn grain for extra ME (HEC); 3) A diet with 10% higher level of ME compared to CON, using flaxseed for additional ME (HEF); and 4) A diet with a 10% higher level of MP than CON, using a rumen-protected lysin and methionine supplement (RP-Lys & Met) to supply extra MP (PRO). After lambing, ewes continued their dietary treatments until 30 days postpartum; however, the content of ingredients were proportionally increased to meet the recommended levels of energy and protein for lactating ewes (NRC, 2007). Blood samples from the ewes were taken on days-21,-14, and-7 before parturition. Colostrum yield and components were determined, and lamb's BW and milk intake (MI) were measured weekly until 28 days of age. Other growth performance indexes were computed accordingly. Blood samples from the offspring were taken on days 15 and 30 of life. The data was analyzed using SAS software (SAS Institute Inc., 9.4). Compared with the CON, HEF-fed ewes were the only group that had lower levels of oxidative stress and blood inflammatory markers at-7 d before parturition (P < 0.05). Concentrations of aminotransferases in CON-fed ewes were greater than other groups in late gestation (P < 0.05). Offspring of HEF-and PRO-fed ewes had higher birth BW than lambs of the CON-fed group (3.71 and 4.11 vs. 3.01 +/- 0.24, Kg for HEF, PRO, and CON, respectively). Except for week 2, lambs of CON-fed ewes had lower BW gain compared with the other offspring (P < 0.01). Lambs of PRO-fed ewes had greater levels of plasma immunoglobulin G (IgG, days 15 and 30 of life; P < 0.05) and MI (from week 2; P < 0.001) than other groups. In conclusion, regardless of the source, moderate overfeeding of ME/MP was more beneficial for the immune status of late pregnant dams and the offspring's performance than non-overfed ones. (c) 2021 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Transcriptome analysis reveals candidate genes of the synthesis of branched-chain fatty acids related to mutton flavor in the lamb liver using Allium mongolicum Regel extract; Lay Summary Mutton is characterized by a typical species-related flavor named "mutton flavor," which is mainly associated with branched-chain fatty acids (BCFAs), such as 4-methyloctanoic acid, 4-ethyloctanoic acid, and 4-methylnonanoic acid. Previous studies demonstrated that Allium mongolicum Regel ethanol extract (AME) reduced the concentration of BCFAs in the muscle and adipose tissues of lambs. The liver is a primary metabolic organ in mammals and is involved in the metabolism of BCFAs. In the present study, we investigated the influences of AME on the concentration of BCFAs and the transcriptomic profile in the lamb liver. Supplementation of lamb diet with AME reduced the concentration of BCFAs in the liver. We also found six candidate genes related to the synthesis of BCFAs from differentially expressed genes in the liver. The findings of this work contribute to a better understanding of the effect of AME on the synthesis of BCFAs in the liver of lambs.
Hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular risk: a cautionary note about metabolic confounding; Triglycerides are the conventional tool to measure VLDLs, whereas LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) is the conventional tool to measure LDLs. Multiple epidemiological studies, including a series of genetically based analyses, have demonstrated that cardiovascular risk is related to triglycerides independently of LDL-C, and this has led to a series of new therapeutic agents designed specifically to reduce plasma triglycerides. The triglyceride hypothesis posits that increased levels of triglycerides increase cardiovascular risk and decreasing plasma triglycerides decreases cardiovascular risk. In this work, we will examine the validity of the triglyceride hypothesis by detailing the biological complexities associated with hypertriglyceridemia, the genetic epidemiological evidence in favor of hypertriglyceridemia, the evidence from the fibrate randomized clinical trials relating triglycerides and clinical outcomes, and the completeness of the evidence from the initial studies of novel mutations and the therapeutic agents based on these mutations that lower triglycerides. Because of the multiple metabolic links between VLDL and LDL, we will try to demonstrate that measuring triglycerides and LDL-C alone are inadequate to document the lipoprotein profile. We will try to demonstrate that apoB must be measured, as well as triglycerides and cholesterol, to have an accurate estimate of lipoprotein status.
Impact of different omega-3 fatty acid sources on lipid, hormonal, blood glucose, weight gain and histopathological damages profile in PCOS rat model; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids (Omega-3 PUFAs) may help to improve health status in polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) by reducing numerous metabolic disorders (insulin sensitivity, hyperinsulinemia, lipid profile, obesity and inflammation). To evaluate the current objective, 16 weeks (6 weeks of adjustment period followed by 10 weeks of collection period) research trial was planned to check the impact of different sources of Omega-3 PUFAs (synthetic Omega-3, flaxseed and fish oil) on nutrient digestibility, weight gain, productive (lipid profile, glucose and insulin), reproductive profile (progesterone, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), estrogen, luteinizing hormone (LH) and prolactin) and histological study of ovarian tissues in Wistar female rats.
Mediterranean diet adherence rates in Sicily, southern Italy; Objective: To assess adherence to the Mediterranean diet and nutrient intakes in a population of Sicily, southern Italy and to evaluate possible determinants, particularly socio-cultural and lifestyle factors.
β-Casomorphin increases fat deposition in broiler chickens by modulating expression of lipid metabolism genes; beta-Casomorphin is an opioid-like bioactive peptide derived from beta-casein of milk that plays a crucial role in modulating animal's feed intake, growth, nutrient utilization and immunity. However, the effect of beta-casomorphin on lipid metabolism in chickens and its mechanism remain unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of beta-casomorphin on fat deposition in broiler chickens and explore its mechanism of action. A total of 120 21-day-old Arbor Acres male broilers (747.94 +/- 8.85 g) was chosen and randomly divided into four groups with six replicates of five birds per replicate. Three groups of broilers were injected with 0.1, 0.5 or 1.0 mg/kg BW of beta-casomorphin in 1 ml saline for 7 days, whereas the control group received 1 ml saline only. The results showed that subcutaneous administration of beta-casomorphin to broiler chickens increased average daily gain, average daily feed intake and fat deposition, and decreased feed : gain ratio (P<0.05). The activity of malate dehydrogenase in the pectoral muscle, liver and abdominal adipose tissue was also increased along with the concentrations of insulin, very-low-density lipoprotein and triglyceride in the plasma (P<0.05). The activity of hormone-sensitive lipase in the liver and abdominal adipose tissue and the concentration of glucagon in the plasma were decreased by injection with beta-casomorphin (P<0.05). Affymetrix gene chip analysis revealed that administering 1.0 mg/kg BW beta-casomorphin caused differential expression of 168 genes in the liver with a minimum of fourfold difference. Of those, 37 genes are directly involved in lipid metabolism with 18 up-regulated genes such as very low density lipoprotein receptor gene and fatty acid synthase gene, and 19 down-regulated genes such as lipoprotein lipase gene and low density lipoprotein receptor gene. In conclusion, beta-casomorphin increased growth performance and fat deposition of broilers. Regulation of fat deposition by beta-casomorphin appears to take place through changes in hormone secretion and enzyme activities by controlling the gene expression of lipid metabolism and feed intake, increasing fat synthesis and deposition.
Effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory markers in healthy postmenopausal women; Objective: After menopause, women experience changes in body composition, especially all increase in fat mass. In addition, advancing age, decreased physical activity, and increased inflammation may predispose them to develop type 2 diabetes. Isoflavones have been shown to improve metabolic parameters in postmenopausal women. However, the effect of isoflavones on adipokines/cytokines remains unclear. The Purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of high-dose isoflavones on inflammatory and metabolic markers in postmenopausal women.
High prevalence of vitamin D deficiency among middle-aged and elderly individuals in northwestern China: Its relationship to osteoporosis and lifestyle factors; Purpose: Vitamin D deficiency has reached epidemic proportions; this deficiency has been associated with osteoporosis and certain lifestyle factors in adults. This relationship is not well documented among the Lanzhou population in northwest China. This study sought to determine the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and its risk factors in addition to its relationship with osteoporosis in a Chinese population living in Lanzhou.
Diet and eating habits in high and low socioeconomic groups; Objective: We measured the difference of dietary intake and eating habits across socioeconomic statuses (SESs) in Israel.
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To Update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
Effect of Protein Intake on Lean Body Mass in Functionally Limited Older Men A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE The Institute of Medicine set the recommended dietary allowance (RDA) for protein at 0.8 g/kg/d for the entire adult population. It remains controversial whether protein intake greater than the RDA is needed to maintain protein anabolism in older adults.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised placebo-controlled trial; Animal and human studies suggest that a malleable protein matrix (MPM) from whey decreases plasma lipid concentrations and may positively influence other components of the metabolic syndrome such as glucose metabolism and blood pressure (BP). The primary objective of this double-blind, multi-centre trial was to investigate the effects of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM on fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome. A total of 197 patients were randomised to receive MPM or a matching placebo yoghurt identical in protein content (15 g/d). Patients were treated during 3 months with two daily servings of 150 g yoghurt each to compare changes from baseline in efficacy variables. MPM treatment resulted in a significantly larger reduction of TAG concentrations in comparison to placebo (relative change -16%, P=0.004). The difference was even more pronounced in subjects with elevated fasting TAG (>200 mg/dl) at baseline (-18%, P=0.005). The relative treatment difference in fasting plasma glucose was -7.1 mg/dl (P=0.089). This effect was also more pronounced in subjects with impaired fasting glucose at baseline (-11 mg/dl, P=0.03). In patients with hypertension, the relative treatment difference in systolic BP reached -5.9 mmHg (P=0.054). The relative treatment difference in body weight was -1.7 kg (P=0.015). The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusions from the present study are that consumption of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM twice a day over 3 months significantly reduces fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome and improves multiple other cardiovascular risk factors.
Variations in HDL-carried miR-223 and miR-135a concentrations after consumption of dietary trans fat are associated with changes in blood lipid and inflammatory markers in healthy men - an exploratory study; A high consumption of trans fatty acids (TFAs) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). High-density lipoproteins (HDLs) have many cardioprotective properties and transport functional microRNAs (miRNAs) to recipient cells. We hypothesized that dietary TFAs modify the HDL-carried miRNA profile, therefore modulating its cardioprotective properties. We assessed whether consumption of dietary TFAs modifies HDL-carried miR-223-3p and miR-135a-3p concentration and the inter-relationship between diet-induced changes in HDL-carried miRNA concentration and CVD risk markers. In a double blind, randomized, crossover, controlled study, 9 men were fed each of 3 experimental isoenergetic diets: 1) High in industrial TFA (iTFA; 3.7% energy); 2) High in TFA from ruminants (rTFA; 3.7% energy); 3) Low in TFA (control; 0.8% energy) for 4 weeks each. HDLs were isolated by ultracentrifugation and miRNAs were quantified by RT-qPCR. Variations in HDL-miR-223-3p concentration were negatively correlated with variations in HDL-cholesterol after the iTFA diet (r(s)=0.82; P=0.007), and positively correlated with variations in C-reactive protein concentration after the rTFA diet (r(s)=0.75; P=0.020). Variations in HDL-miR-135a-3p concentration were positively correlated with variations in total triglyceride (TG) concentration following the iTFA diet (r(s)=0.82; P=0.007), and with variations in low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-TG concentration following the rTFA diet (r(s)=0.83; P=0.005), compared to the control diet. However, the consumption of dietary TFAs has no significant unidirectional impact on HDL-carried miR-223-3p and miR-135a-3p concentrations. Our results suggest that the variability in the HDL-carried miRNAs response to TFA intake, by being associated with variations in CVD risk factors, might reflect physiological changes in HDL functions.
Participation in the <i>Child and Adult Care Food Program</i> Is Associated with Healthier Nutrition Environments at Family Child Care Homes in Mississippi; Objective: Describe foods and beverages offered, nutrition practices, and nutrition policies of family child care homes in Mississippi and differences by participation in the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP).
Ex vivo MFG-E8 treatment improves the function of lungs procured from cardiac death donors in preclinical porcine model; Ex vivo lung perfusion (EVLP) is a promising technology that allows the re-evaluation of donor lungs and has the potential to improve marginal lung reconditioning. The present study focused on the effects of milk fat globule epidermal growth factor 8 (MFG-E8) on the function of donation after circulatory death (DCD) lungs during EVLP and transplant reperfusion. Domestic swine were assigned to 4 groups. In the control group, the donor lungs lacking warm ischemia were preserved in Perfadex for 4 h. The swine in the other three groups underwent hypoxic arrest, followed by 1 h of warm ischemia. The DCD lungs were procured and randomly divided into three groups: cold static preservation (DCD-CSP) group, DCD-EVLP group, and DCD-MFG-E8 group. The left lung of all groups was transplanted and reperfused. During EVLP and reperfusion, lung functions and pathological evaluations were performed. Treatment with MFG-E8 resulted in significantly improved blood oxygenation. The mean pulmonary artery pressure, peak airway pressure, and expression of IL-1 beta, IL-6, and IL-12 were significantly lower but IL-10 was higher in the DCD -MFG-E8 group. Furthermore, the lung injury severity score, pulmonary edema, and wet-to-dry weight ratio were also reduced in MFG-E8-treated lungs. However, the pulmonary vascular resistance and expression of TNF-alpha did not differ from the DCD -EVLP group but were significantly lower than in the DCD -CSP group. Adding MFG-E8 into the perfusate during EVLP obtains optimal graft function of lungs from DCD. This finding, if confirmed clinically, can be applied to recondition grafts and expanded use of DCD lungs.
Effects of altering the ratio of C16:0 and <i>cis</i>-9 C18:1 in rumen bypass fat on growth performance, lipid metabolism, intestinal barrier, cecal microbiota, and inflammation in fattening bulls; BackgroundC16:0 and cis-9 C18:1 may have different effects on animal growth and health due to unique metabolism in vivo. This study was investigated to explore the different effects of altering the ratio of C16:0 and cis-9 C18:1 in fat supplements on growth performance, lipid metabolism, intestinal barrier, cecal microbiota, and inflammation in fattening bulls. Thirty finishing Angus bulls (626 +/- 69 kg, 21 +/- 0.5 months) were divided into 3 treatments according to the randomized block design: (1) control diet without additional fat (CON), (2) CON + 2.5% palmitic acid calcium salt (PA, 90% C16:0), and (3) CON + 2.5% mixed fatty acid calcium salt (MA, 60% C16:0 + 30% cis-9 C18:1). The experiment lasted for 104 d, after which all the bulls were slaughtered and sampled for analysis. ResultsMA tended to reduce 0-52 d dry matter intake compared to PA (DMI, P = 0.052). Compared with CON and MA, PA significantly increased 0-52 d average daily gain (ADG, P = 0.027). PA tended to improve the 0-52 d feed conversion rate compared with CON (FCR, P = 0.088). Both PA and MA had no significant effect on 52-104 days of DMI, ADG and FCR (P > 0.05). PA tended to improve plasma triglycerides compared with MA (P = 0.077), significantly increased plasma cholesterol (P = 0.002) and tended to improve subcutaneous adipose weight (P = 0.066) when compared with CON and MA. Both PA and MA increased visceral adipose weight compared with CON (P = 0.021). Only PA increased the colonization of Rikenellaceae, Ruminococcus and Proteobacteria in the cecum, and MA increased Akkermansia abundance (P < 0.05). Compared with CON, both PA and MA down-regulated the mRNA expression of Claudin-1 in the jejunum (P < 0.001), increased plasma diamine oxidase (DAO, P < 0.001) and lipopolysaccharide (LPS, P = 0.045). Compared with CON and MA, PA down-regulated the ZO-1 in the jejunum (P < 0.001) and increased plasma LPS-binding protein (LBP, P < 0.001). Compared with CON, only PA down-regulated the Occludin in the jejunum (P = 0.013). Compared with CON, PA and MA significantly up-regulated the expression of TLR-4 and NF-kappa B in the visceral adipose (P < 0.001) and increased plasma IL-6 (P < 0.001). Compared with CON, only PA up-regulated the TNF-alpha in the visceral adipose (P = 0.01). Compared with CON and MA, PA up-regulated IL-6 in the visceral adipose (P < 0.001), increased plasma TNF-alpha (P < 0.001), and reduced the IgG content in plasma (P = 0.035). Compared with CON, PA and MA increased C16:0 in subcutaneous fat and longissimus dorsi muscle (P < 0.05), while more C16:0 was also deposited by extension and desaturation into C18:0 and cis-9 C18:1. However, neither PA nor MA affected the content of cis-9 C18:1 in longissimus dorsi muscle compared with CON (P > 0.05). ConclusionsMA containing 30% cis-9 C18:1 reduced the risk of high C16:0 dietary fat induced subcutaneous fat obesity, adipose tissue and systemic low-grade inflammation by accelerating fatty acid oxidative utilization, improving colonization of Akkermansia, reducing intestinal barrier damage, and down-regulating NF-kappa B activation.
Use of Nutritional Information in Canada: National Trends between 2004 and 2008; Objective: To examine longitudinal trends in use of nutrition information among Canadians.
Efficacy and tolerance of a diabetes specific formula in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open label, randomized, crossover study; Aim: This study evaluated the effect of a diabetes specific formula on acute glucose, insulin, and triglyceride responses in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
National priority setting partnership using a Delphi consensus process to develop neonatal research questions suitable for practice-changing randomised trials in the UK; BackgroundThe provision of neonatal care is variable and commonly lacks adequate evidence base; strategic development of methodologically robust clinical trials is needed to improve outcomes and maximise research resources. Historically, neonatal research topics have been selected by researchers; prioritisation processes involving wider stakeholder groups have generally identified research themes rather than specific questions amenable to interventional trials. ObjectiveTo involve stakeholders including parents, healthcare professionals and researchers to identify and prioritise research questions suitable for answering in neonatal interventional trials in the UK. DesignResearch questions were submitted by stakeholders in population, intervention, comparison, outcome format through an online platform. Questions were reviewed by a representative steering group; duplicates and previously answered questions were removed. Eligible questions were entered into a three-round online Delphi survey for prioritisation by all stakeholder groups. ParticipantsOne hundred and eight respondents submitted research questions for consideration; 144 participants completed round one of the Delphi survey, 106 completed all three rounds. ResultsTwo hundred and sixty-five research questions were submitted and after steering group review, 186 entered into the Delphi survey. The top five ranked research questions related to breast milk fortification, intact cord resuscitation, timing of surgical intervention in necrotising enterocolitis, therapeutic hypothermia for mild hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy and non-invasive respiratory support. ConclusionsWe have identified and prioritised research questions suitable for practice-changing interventional trials in neonatal medicine in the UK at the present time. Trials targeting these uncertainties have potential to reduce research waste and improve neonatal care.
Associations of Fish Consumption With Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality Among Individuals With or Without Vascular Disease From 58 Countries; IMPORTANCE Cohort studies report inconsistent associations between fish consumption, a major source of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality. Whether the associations vary between those with and those without vascular disease is unknown.
Relationship Between Trajectories of Trunk Fat Development in Emerging Adulthood and Cardiometabolic Risk at 36 Years of Age; Objective This study examined trajectories of trunk fat mass (FM) accrual during emerging adulthood of individuals categorized, at 36 years of age, as having higher compared with lower scores of (1) metabolic risk and (2) blood pressure risk. Methods Fifty-five individuals from the Saskatchewan Pediatric Bone Mineral Accrual Study (1991-2017) were assessed from adolescence (mean [SD], 11.5 [1.8] years) through emerging adulthood (26.2 [2.2] years) and into early adulthood (35.6 [2.2] years) (median 11 visits per individual). Sex-specific median splits of continuous standardized risk scores at 36 years of age were created. Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry-assessed trunk FM trajectories were analyzed using multilevel random effects models. Results Higher risk scores of blood pressure risk and metabolic risk had significantly steeper trajectories of fat development (0.45 [0.11] and 0.44 [0.11] log g, respectively) than the lower risk scores. Dietary fat was not related (P > 0.05). Physical activity was negatively related (-0.04 [0.02] physical activity score) to trunk FM development during emerging adulthood. Conclusions Young adults with higher metabolic risk at 36 years of age had greater trunk FM development during both adolescence and emerging adulthood, supporting the need for intervention at both these critical periods of fat accrual.
An Energy-Restricted Diet Including Yogurt, Fruit, and Vegetables Alleviates High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Mice by Modulating the Gut Microbiota; Background The importance of the composition of an energy-restricted diet in the treatment of metabolic syndrome (MetS) is unknown. Objectives In this study we aimed to investigate the benefits of a novel dietary treatment (50% calorie restriction diet composed of yogurt, fruit, and vegetables [CR-YD]) in mice with MetS. Methods Forty 7-wk-old male C57BL/6 J mice were randomly assigned to 4 groups (n = 10/group) that were fed for 14 wk ad libitum with a normal diet (ND; 10%:70%:20% energy from fat: carbohydrate: protein) or for 12 wk with a high-fat diet (HFD; 60:20:20) or the HFD followed by 2 wk of feeding with a 50% calorie-restricted HFD (CR-HFD) or YD (CR-YD, 21.2%:65.4%:13.4% energy). Body weight, fat deposition, hepatic steatosis, serum concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers, and glucose homeostasis were assessed. Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) was used to validate the roles of gut microbiota in MetS. Results The HFD group had 50% greater body weight and 475% greater fat deposition than the ND group (P < 0.05). Compared with the HFD group, the CR-HFD and CR-YD groups had 22% and 31% lower body weight and 49% and 75% less fat deposition, respectively (P < 0.05). Compared with the CR-HFD group, the CR-YD group had 11% lower body weight, 96% less fat deposition, 500% less hepatic steatosis, 75% lower glucose, and 450% more hepatic Akkermansia bacteria (P < 0.05). The CR-YD group also had 50% lower histopathology scores and 1.35-fold higher levels of Claudin4 than the CR-HFD group (P < 0.05). The HFD + CR-YD fecal group had 10.6% lower body weight, 119% lower steatosis, and 17.9% lower glucose (P < 0.05) than the HFD + CR-HFD fecal group. Conclusions Compared with CR alone, the CR-YD diet has a better therapeutic effect in mice with HFD-induced MetS.
Comprehensive lifestyle intervention vs soy protein-based meal regimen in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; BACKGROUND
Effect of feeding rumen-protected conjugated linoleic acid on carcass characteristics and fatty acid composition of sheep tissues; Two experiments were conducted to determine the effectiveness of a rumen-protected CLA (pCLA) supplement and the impact of feeding this pCLA on carcass characteristics and tissue fatty acid composition of lambs. In Exp. 1, a CLA-80 preparation (80% pure CLA; contained similar proportions of cis-9, trans-11, and trans-10, cis-12 CLA), protected against rumen degradation, was fed to sheep, and the proportion of CLA reaching the duodenum was determined. A 3 x 3 Latin square design was used with 3 diets (1.4 kg of concentrate-based control diet, the same control diet plus 22 g of CLA-80, or the same control diet plus 110 g of pCLA/d), 3 feeding periods, and 3 rumen and duodenally cannulated sheep (Mule x Charolais males, 10 mo of age, BW 55.3 +/- 1.8 kg). After 7 d of feeding, sheep were ruminally infused with chromium EDTA and Yb acetate for 7 d, after which samples of duodenal digesta were collected every 6 h for 48 h to determine the quantity of CLA reaching the small intestine each day. The amounts of CLA cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12, and combined isomers, flowing through the duodenum each day were greater (P = 0.01) in sheep fed pCLA. Approximately 65% of the pCLA avoided rumen biohydrogenation, with the ratio of the 2 main isomers remaining similar. In Exp. 2, 36 Mule x Charolais ewe lambs (approximately 13-wk old, average initial BW 29.3 kg) were fed 3 levels of the pCLA or Megalac, which were fed to provide an equivalent energy content at each pCLA level. Lambs were randomly assigned to 1 of 7 treatment groups, which were fed for 10 wk to achieve a growth rate of 180 g/d. Treatments included the basal diet and the basal diet plus 25, 50, or 100 g of pCLA/kg of diet or the equivalent amount of Megalac. In liver (P < 0.001) and all adipose tissue depots studied, the proportions of both CLA isomers increased (P = 0.02) with the amount of pCLA fed but were not altered with increasing of Megalac. Although there was no effect of treatment on cis-9, trans-11 CLA content, accumulation (P < 0.001) in the LM with increasing of pCLA supplementation was observed for the trans-10, cis-12 isomer. Although tissues had been enriched with CLA, there was no evidence of a reduction in adipose tissue or an increase in muscle mass in these sheep. However, an effect of pCLA on tissue fatty acid composition was consistent with an inhibition of stearoyl-CoA desaturase.
Assessing dietary intake during the transition to adulthood: a comparison of age-appropriate FFQ for youth/adolescents and adults; Objective: Assessing changes in dietary intake during the transition from adolescence to adulthood is challenging given the need for age-appropriate tools at different developmental stages. The present study investigated the comparability of intake estimates as assessed with the youth/adolescent and adult forms of Willett's FFQ.
Silibinin Effect on Fas/FasL, HMGB1, and CD45 Expressions in a Rat Model Subjected to Liver Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury; Purpose: We investigated the hepatoprotective effect of Silibinin (SLB) to ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) rat model, by evaluating the histological expression of the tissue markers Fas/FasL, HMGB-1 and CD45, and SLB pharmacokinetics. Methods: Seventy-three Wistar-type male rats were randomized in 11 groups: Sham control group (open-close laparotomy); four I/R control groups (laparotomy, 45 min vascular occlusion, reperfusion, euthanasia after 60, 120, 180, and 240 min); four SLB (Si) groups (laparotomy, 45 min vascular occlusion, IV administration of SLB, reperfusion, euthanasia after 60, 120, 180, and 240 min); two SLB pharmacokinetics (PK) groups (IV administration of SLB, euthanasia after 45 and 240 min). Results: Fas/FasL increased with reperfusion time in I/R control groups and decreased in the Si groups, reaching, respectively, the highest and lowest values at 240 min of reperfusion (p <.0001). HMGB1 and CD45 increased with time in the I/R control groups up to 240 min and decreased in the Si groups, approaching zero expression after 180 and 60 min, respectively. Pharmacokinetic data showed higher liver accumulation and slower plasma elimination of SLB in ischemic animals. Conclusions: The hepatoprotective effect of SLB was demonstrated through the reduction of the expression of Fas/FasL, HMGB-1 and CD45 in liver tissue under I/R conditions, and in the pharmacokinetic study. The results document the efficacy of silibinin in the protection of the liver, and are particularly encouraging for its use in hepatic surgery.
Supplementation with CLA: Isomer incorporation into serum lipids and effect on body fat of women; Animal studies have suggested that CLA, a natural component of meat and dairy products, may confer beneficial effects on health. However, human studies using supplementation with CLA have produced contradictory results. The aim of the present study was to further investigate the effect of CLA supplementation on human body fat, serum leptin, and serum lipids, as well as the incorporation of CLA isomers into serum lipids classes. Sixteen young healthy nonobese sedentary women received 2.1 g of CLA (divided equally between the cis,trans-9,11 and trans,cis-10,12 isomers) daily for 45 d and placebo for 45 d in a randomized double-blind crossover design. Body fat was estimated (by measurement of skinfold thickness at 10 sites), and blood was sampled at the beginning, middle, and end of the entire intervention period; an additional blood sample was obtained 2 wk thereafter. No significant differences in energy, carbohydrate, lipid, or protein intake existed between the CLA and placebo intake periods. No significant differences were found in body fat or serum leptin, TAG, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, and alanine aminotransferase between CLA and placebo. The CLA isomer content of serum TAG, phospholipids, and total lipids increased 2-5 times with CLA supplementation (P < 0.05). In contrast, the CLA content of cholesteryl esters did not change significantly. The period of 2 wk after he end of CLA supplementation was sufficient for its washout from serum lipids. These data indicate that supplementation with 2.1 g of CLA daily for 45 d increased its levels in blood but had no effect on body composition or the lipidemic profile of nonobese women.
Dietary status with demographic and anthropometric variables and some health affecting risk factors in people of Southeastern Iran: A population-based study (KERCADRS); Background: Dietary pattern is influenced by lifestyle, genetic, cultural, and socioeconomic factors. We investigated the status of prudent (PDP) and imprudent (IDP) dietary patterns and their relationship with demographic and anthropometric variables and health conditions in an urban population of Southeastern Iran.
Monensin supplementation downregulated the expression signature of genes involved in cholesterol synthesis in the ruminal epithelium and adipose tissue of lambs; To understand the metabolic mechanisms regulating lipid metabolism by monensin, Afshari male lambs (n = 16) with 41.0 +/- 2.4 kg body weight (BW, mean +/- SD) at approximately 180 days of age were randomly assigned equally to two dietary treatments. After a 21-day pre-adaptation period, all animals in two groups continued to receive the basal diet, but one group received no monensin supplementation (control) while the other group received 30 mg/day of monensin per animal. Individual BW was recorded weekly to determine the average daily body weight gain (ADG). At the end of the 56-day experimental period, lambs were weighed and slaughtered. Monensin supplementation did not affect BW, ADG, and rumen fermentation characteristics. However, monensin significantly downregulated the sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-2 gene expression in all sample tissues (p < 0.05). Also, monensin downregulated expressions of SREBP-1c and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-gamma in back fat tissues. Monensin increased the expression of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA synthase (HMGCS)-2, but it decreased the mRNA abundance of HMGCS-1 in the rumen epithelial tissues (p < 0.05). Our data suggest that monensin downregulates cholesterol synthesis via inhibition of HMGCS-1 and impairment of the SREBP pathway, probably due to a crosstalk among different tissues to control energy metabolism.
Peanuts or an Isocaloric Lower Fat, Higher Carbohydrate Nighttime Snack Have Similar Effects on Fasting Glucose in Adults with Elevated Fasting Glucose Concentrations: a 6-Week Randomized Crossover Trial; Background: The glycemic effects of peanuts are not well studied and no trials have been conducted in adults with elevated fasting plasma glucose (FPG). Furthermore, intake of peanuts as a nighttime snack, an eating occasion affecting FPG, has not been examined.
Does probiotic supplementation aid weight loss? A randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled study with<i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i>BS01 and<i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i>LA02 supplementation; Purpose Probiotic supplements are gaining popularity worldwide. This trend is especially present in females, and a common motivation for consumption is weight loss, no matter the BMI. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic supplementation on weight loss in healthy, young adult females and to put claims made by manufacturers of such products to the test. Methods The study utilizes a randomized, single-blind, placebo-control design. 53 females aged 19-33 were enrolled, and 38 completed the trial. A 6 week supplementation withBifidobacterium lactisBS01 andLactobacillus acidophilusLA02 or placebo was conducted. Anthropometric measures (body mass, BMI, body fat percentage, arm skinfold fat, waist circumference, and WHR) were applied pre and post-treatment. Results No significant changes in anthropometric measures were observed in both supplementation and placebo groups. Conclusion The results of this investigation do not support claims made by probiotic products manufacturers, that they aid weight loss. Our results seem to support an argument that weight loss is mostly associated with food habits and dietary behaviors, not probiotic intake. It is possible that probiotic supplementation may play a facilitating weight loss but has no effect without dietary intervention. Another possible explanation is that due to strain specificity-bacteria strains used in this study are not effective for weight loss.
Dietary fat dose dependently increases spontaneous caloric intake in rat; Objective: To characterize the dose-response relationship between dietary fat to carbohydrate ratio and spontaneous caloric intake.
The Effect of Eating Speed at Breakfast on Appetite Hormone Responses and Daily Food Consumption; Background: The effect of eating speed at a meal on appetite gut hormone responses and future food consumption is not clear. This study examined the effect of eating speed at breakfast on postprandial gut hormone responses, subjective appetite, and daily food consumption.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease; The objective of the current study was to explore our hypothesis that average consumption of fructose and fructose containing sugars would not increase risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A randomized, double blind, parallel group study was conducted where 267 individuals with BMI between 23 and 35 kg/m(2) consumed low fat sugar sweetened milk, daily for ten weeks as part of usual weight-maintenance diet. One group consumed 18% of calories from high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), another group consumed 18% of calories from sucrose, a third group consumed 9% of calories from fructose, and the fourth group consumed 9% of calories from glucose. There was a small change in waist circumference (80.9 +/- 9.5 vs. 81.5 +/- 9.5 cm) in the entire cohort, as well as in total cholesterol (4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. 4.7 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, p < 0.01), triglycerides (TGs) (11.5 +/- 6.4 vs. 12.6 +/- 8.9 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and systolic (109.2 +/- 10.2 vs. 106.1 +/- 10.4 mmHg, p < 0.01) and diastolic blood pressure (69.8 +/- 8.7 vs. 68.1 +/- 9.7 mmHg, p < 0.01). The effects of commonly consumed sugars on components of the MetS and CVD risk factors are minimal, mixed and not clinically significant.
Baroreflex activation therapy for the treatment of heart failure with reduced ejection fraction in patients with and without coronary artery disease; Background: In a randomized trial, baroreflex activation therapy (BAT) improved exercise capacity, quality of life and NT-proBNP in patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF). In view of different mechanisms underlying HFrEF, we performed a post-hoc subgroup analysis of efficacy and safety of BAT in patients with and without coronary artery disease (CAD).
Importance of Fatty Acids in the Perinatal Period; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) influence a variety of cellular and physiological processes during the perinatal period by serving as membrane components, precursors of eicosanoids and docosanoids, and nuclear receptor activators. These processes include the growth of neural cells and signal transduction, the growth and differentiation of adipocytes, and the function of regulatory T cells. LC-PUFA levels depend on these fatty acids' dietary availability and their endogenous synthesis from essential fatty acids, which is known to differ among subjects according to fatty acid desaturase genotype. Intrauterine placental mechanisms support the preferential transfer of LC-PUFAs from the mother to the foetus. After birth, breast milk provides arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, although not in amounts that can prevent lower percentages in infant plasma than in umbilical cord blood plasma. The available epidemiological data suggest associations of perinatal LC-PUFAs with later body weight, the risk of allergic diseases and cognitive performance. Randomised clinical trials that compare different maternal or infant intakes of n-3 LC-PUFAs or combinations of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids so far have not led to firm conclusions about the optimal LC-PUFA status of pregnant women or infants, but there are good indications of beneficial effects of a higher pre-or postnatal docosahexaenoic acid status on visual function and asthma risk. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Whole Grain Rye Intake, Reflected by a Biomarker, Is Associated with Favorable Blood Lipid Outcomes in Subjects with the Metabolic Syndrome - A Randomized Study; Background and Aim: Few studies have explored the possible plasma cholesterol lowering effects of rye consumption. The aim of this secondary analysis in the SYSDIET study was to investigate the association between plasma alkylresorcinols (AR), a biomarker for whole grain wheat and rye intake, and blood lipid concentrations in a population with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, we analyzed the associations between the AR C17:0/C21:0 ratio, a suggested marker of the relative intake of whole grain/bran rye, and blood lipid concentrations.
Bioactive Yoghurt Containing Curcumin and Chlorogenic Acid Reduces Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women; Menopause is marked by a gradual and permanent decrease of estrogen from the ovaries, leading to metabolic and physiological changes in the body. Combined with increased body mass index, postmenopausal women have elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic disturbances leading to increased risk of developing chronic diseases. A bioactive coconut yoghurt containing curcumin and chlorogenic acid was developed with the potential to target inflammatory processes. In this randomized crossover study, healthy postmenopausal women with a BMI of 25-40 were recruited to consume 125 g of either the bioactive or placebo yoghurt. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 30 min, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 h postprandially. Plasma inflammatory markers (TNF alpha and IL6) and metabolic markers (triglycerides, insulin and glucose) were measured. Participants had significantly lower plasma TNF alpha C-max after consumption of the bioactive yoghurt compared to placebo (mean difference = 0.3 pg/mL; p = 0.04). Additionally, plasma TNF alpha was significantly lower postprandially compared to baseline after consumption of the bioactive yogurt but not the placebo. No differences were observed in the metabolic markers measured. Conclusions: The bioactive yoghurt fortified with curcumin and chlorogenic acid has the potential to reduce inflammatory mediators; however, a larger and longer-term study is required to confirm these findings.
Maternal Dietary Patterns and Birth Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Findings on the relations of maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy and risk of preterm birth and offspring birth size remain inconclusive. We aimed to systematically review and quantify these associations. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, and CINAHL up to December 2017. Three authors independently conducted a literature search, study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment. Summary effect sizes were calculated with random effects models and studies were summarized narratively if results could not be pooled. We included 36 studies and pooled results from 25 observational studies (167,507 participants). Two common dietary patterns-"healthy" and "unhealthy"-were identified. Healthy dietary patterns-characterized by high intakes of vegetables, fruits, wholegrains, low-fat dairy, and lean protein foods-were associated with lower risk of preterm birth (OR for top compared with bottom tertile: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.68, 0.91; I-2 = 32%) and a weak trend towards a lower risk of small-for-gestational-age (OR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.73, 1.01; I-2 = 34%). Only statistically data-driven healthy dietary patterns, and not dietary index-based patterns, were associated with higher birth weight (mean difference: 67 g; 95% CI: 37, 96 g; I-2 = 75%). Unhealthy dietary patterns-characterized by high intakes of refined grains, processed meat, and foods high in saturated fat or sugar-were associated with lower birth weight (mean difference:-40 g; 95% CI:-61,-20 g; I-2 = 0%) and a trend towards a higher risk of preterm birth (OR: 1.17; 95% CI: 0.99, 1.39; I-2 = 76%). Data from observational studies indicate that greater adherence to healthy dietary patterns during pregnancy is significantly related to lower risk of preterm birth. No consistent associations with birth weight and small- or large-for-gestational-age were observed.
Dietary patterns and risk of squamous-cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and adenocarcinoma of the gastric cardia: A population-based case-control study in Sweden; We conducted a large population-based case-control study in Sweden to examine the association of dietary patterns and the development of cancers from the esophagus or gastroesophageal junction. In total 185 patients with esophageal adenocarcinoma, 165 with esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma, 258 with gastric cardia adenocarcinoma, and 815 randomly selected population controls underwent face-to-face interviews. Exploratory factor analysis was used to identify possible dietary patterns. Multivariate logistic regression with adjustments for age, sex, years of education, body mass index, physical activity, symptomatic gastroesophageal reflux, smoking, and total energy intake was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We identified three major dietary patterns in this population, for example, "healthy diet" (high in vegetables, tomato, fruits, fish, and poultry), "Western diet" (high in processed meat, red meat, sweets, high-fat dairy, and high-fat gravy), and "alcohol drinker" (high in intakes of beer liquor, and French fries). We found that a healthy diet tended to moderately decrease the risk of all three cancers under study, although none of the associations was statistically significant. A high score of Western diet was associated with increased risks of gastric cardia adenocarcinoma (high 3rd tertile vs. low 1st quartile, OR = 1.8, 95% CI = 1.1-2.9, P for trend = 0.04) and esophageal adenocarcinoma (high 3rd tertile vs. low 1st tertile, OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 0.9-3.1, P for trend = 0.13), whereas a dietary pattern characterized by high beer and liquor intake (alcohol drinker) significantly increased the risk of squamous-cell carcinoma of the esophagus (3rd tertile vs. low 1st tertile, OR = 3.5, 95% CI = 1.9-6.3, P for trend < 0.0001). Our study confirms the important role of diet in the carcinogenesis of esophageal and cardia cancer.
Nutrition and Cardiovascular Health; A multitude of studies have been published on the relationship between cardiovascular disease risk and a variety of nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns. Despite the well-accepted notion that diet has a significant influence on the development and prevention of cardiovascular disease, the foods considered healthy and harmful have varied over the years. This review aims to summarize the current scientific evidence on the cardioprotective effect of those foods and nutrients that have been considered healthy as well as those that have been deemed unhealthy at any given time in history. For this purpose, we reviewed the most recent literature using as keywords foods and nutrients (ie, meat, omega-3) and cardiovascular disease-related terms (ie, cardiovascular diseases, stroke). Emphasis has been placed on meta-analyses and Cochrane reviews. In general, there is a paucity of intervention studies with a high level of evidence supporting the benefits of healthy foods (ie, fruits and vegetables), whereas the evidence supporting the case against those foods considered less healthy (ie, saturated fat) seems to be weakened by most recent evidence. In summary, most of the evidence supporting the benefits and harms of specific foods and nutrients is based on observational epidemiological studies. The outcome of randomized clinical trials reveals a more confusing picture with most studies providing very small effects in one direction or another; the strongest evidence comes from dietary patterns. The current status of the relationship between diet and cardiovascular disease risk calls for more tailored recommendations based on genomic technologies. (C) 2014 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S. L. U. All rights reserved.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rblL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle III: Administration of rblL-8 induces insulin resistance in bull calves; Our previous work has suggested that recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) treatment might influence cow metabolism. Therefore, this study was conducted to initially assess the effects of systemic administration of rbIL-8 on response to a glucose challenge, blood metabolites, insulin, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-1, immune cell populations, and inflammatory parameters in Holstein bull calves. Calves from 30 +/- 6 d of life were individually housed and randomly allocated to 1 of 2 treatment groups: rbIL-8 (rbIL-8, n = 10) and control (CTR, n = 8). Calves assigned to the rbIL-8 group received 1 s.c. injection (d 1, 0900 h) and 6 i.v. injections (d 1 at 1600 h, d 2 and 3 at 0900 h and 1600 h, and d 4 at 0900 h) of rbIL-8 (4 mu g/kg of body weight), whereas the CTR group received 2 mL of sterile saline solution at each time point. Day of enrollment was considered as d 1, and the study duration was 10 d. Insulin concentrations and whole-body glucose disappearance were evaluated by an i.v. glucose tolerance test conducted at 12 h and 7 d following the last rbIL-8 injection. Rectal temperature and blood samples were collected on d 1, 2, 3, and 4 at -30 (before treatmerit, 0830 h), 30, 60, 120, 240, arid 360 min relative to treatment, and daily at 0830 h for the rest of the study period. Serum was harvested, and the following parameters were measured: beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, plasma urea nitrogen, haptoglobin, and differential blood count. Significant differences were considered when P <= 0.05 and a trend if 0.05 < P <= 0.10. Serum glucose levels and glucose area under the curve (AUC) did riot differ between treatment groups in response to the glucose challenge. However, calves treated with rbIL-8 had greater serum insulin concentration and insulin AUC compared with controls. Administration of rbIL-8 increased rectal temperature (rbIL-8 = 39.3 +/- 0.1; CTR = 38.9 +/- 0.1 degrees C; +/- standard error), BHB concentrations (rbIL-8 = 3.54 +/- 0.10; CTR = 2.99 +/- 0.12 mg/dL), counts of lymphocytes (rbIL-8 = 4.52 +/- 0.12; CTR = 3.84 +/- 0.14 x 10(3)/mu L), monocytes (rbIL-8 = 0.87 +/- 0.03; CTR = 0.67 +/- 0.04 x 10(3)/mu L), and granulocytes (rbIL-8 = 3.54 + 0.22; CTR. = 2.66 + 0.24 x 10(3)/mu L). We conclude that rbIL-8 induces insulin resistance in Holstein bull calves, accompanied by systemic inflammation and altered blood metabolites and white blood cell populations.
A high-protein meal does not improve blood pressure or vasoactive biomarker responses to acute exercise in humans; Blood pressure (BP) responses to exercise yield prognostic information beyond resting BP. While habitual higher dietary protein intake is associated with reduced resting BP, few studies have assessed the impact of high-protein meals on acute BP and vasoactive biomarker responses to exercise. To test the hypothesis that consuming a higher-protein, lower fat meal (HP; 30 g protein, 17 g fat, 52 g carbohydrate) would attenuate the BP response to exercise and result in a more robust post-exercise hypotensive response compared to a lower-protein, higher-fat meal (LP; 13 g protein, 25 g fat, 54 g carbohydrate), we recruited 31 pre-hypertensive subjects to complete this randomized, double-blind, cross-over acute feeding study. One hundred sixty-five minutes after consuming the test HP or LP meal, subjects exercised on a cycle ergometer at 70% VO2 max for 30 minutes. Blood pressure was measured prior to the meal and periodically before, during, and after exercise for a 315minute period. Blood samples were periodically collected to quantify plasma arginine, arginine metabolites (asymmetric dimethylarginine, symmetric dimethylarginine; ADMA, SDMA), endothelin-1, nitrates, and nitrites in a subset of subjects (n = 15) as shown in Supplemental Table S1. Consuming the HP meal did not influence the BP responses to exercise, including the post-exercise return to baseline BP or systolic BP area under the curve. While the HP meal resulted in greater postprandial plasma arginine concentrations, ADMA, SDMA, endothelin-1, nitrates, and nitrites were unaltered. These results suggest that consuming a higher-protein, lower-fat meal does not influence BP or vasoactive biomarker responses to exercise compared to a lower-protein, higher-fat meal. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Systems Biology Approach Using Transcriptomic Data Reveals Genes and Pathways in Porcine Skeletal Muscle Affected by Dietary Lysine; Nine crossbred finishing barrows (body weight 94.4 +/- 6.7 kg) randomly assigned to three dietary treatments were used to investigate the effects of dietary lysine on muscle growth related metabolic and signaling pathways. Muscle samples were collected from the longissimus dorsi of individual pigs after feeding the lysine-deficient (4.30 g/kg), lysine-adequate (7.10 g/kg), or lysine-excess (9.80 g/kg) diet for five weeks, and the total RNA was extracted afterwards. Affymetrix Porcine Gene 1.0 ST Array was used to quantify the expression levels of 19,211 genes. Statistical ANOVA analysis of the microarray data showed that 674 transcripts were differentially expressed (at p <= 0.05 level); 60 out of 131 transcripts (at p <= 0.01 level) were annotated in the NetAffx database. Ingenuity pathway analysis showed that dietary lysine deficiency may lead to: (1) increased muscle protein degradation via the ubiquitination pathway as indicated by the up-regulated DNAJA1, HSP90AB1 and UBE2B mRNA; (2) reduced muscle protein synthesis via the up-regulated RND3 and ZIC1 mRNA; (3) increased serine and glycine synthesis via the up-regulated PHGDH and PSPH mRNA; and (4) increased lipid accumulation via the up-regulated ME1, SCD, and CIDEC mRNA. Dietary lysine excess may lead to: (1) decreased muscle protein degradation via the down-regulated DNAJA1, HSP90AA1, HSPH1, and UBE2D3 mRNA; and (2) reduced lipid biosynthesis via the down-regulated CFD and ME1 mRNA. Collectively, dietary lysine may function as a signaling molecule to regulate protein turnover and lipid metabolism in the skeletal muscle of finishing pigs.
Diabetes, impaired fasting glucose, daily life activities, food and beverage consumption among Buddhist monks in Chanthaburi Province, Thailand; Diabetes (DM), and its associated complications, presents a major health problem for the Thai people, including Buddhist monks. This cross-sectional study aimed to estimate the prevalence of DM and impaired fasting glucose (IFG), and factors associated with DM, among a cohort of Buddhist monks in Chanthaburi Province, Thailand. A total of 415 Buddhist monks aged 35 years and over were randomly sampled and interviewed. A fasting capillary whole blood specimen was collected for glucose measurement. The prevalence of DM was 10.8 %, with 2.8 % treated DM, and 8.0 % screened DM. The prevalence of IFG was 11.8 %, 51.8 % of Buddhist monks reported maintaining the temple and its surroundings, and 50.1 % doing physical exercise for least 30 min and 4 days/week in the past 7 days. The 3 types of food that the Buddhist monks ate most frequently (at least 4 days/week) were chili paste (66.5 %), curry with coconut milk, such as chicken curry (60.7 %), and deep-fried foods, such as fish, chicken, and pork (53.3 %). About 44.3 % ate Thai sweets and desserts and 24.5 % drank aerated drinks at least 4 days/week. The prevalence of DM and IFG among the Buddhist monks was quite high. DM screening needs to be conducted regularly for early detection and treatment. Continued effective lifestyle modification interventions, including increased physical activity and correct diet, are recommended.
Nutritional management in newborn babies receiving therapeutic hypothermia: two retrospective observational studies using propensity score matching; Background: Therapeutic hypothermia is standard of care for babies with moderate to severe hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. There is limited evidence to inform provision of nutrition during hypothermia.
Cognitive function and blood-brain barrier permeability during exercise in the heat: Effect of fitness and bovine colostrum supplementation; We investigated whether fitness and bovine colostrum supplementation modulates cognition and cerebrovascular function during exercise in the heat in this placebo-controlled, double-blind study. Seven highly-fit (HF, (V) over dotO(2peak) 64 +/- 4 mL kg(-1) min(-1)) and eight moderately-fit (MF, 46 +/- 4 mL kg(-1) min(-1)) men completed two randomised, 90-min exercise bouts (30 degrees C, 50% RH) after 7-d of bovine colostrum supplementation (COL: 1.7 g kg(-1) d(-1)) or placebo (CON: cornflour). Multi-mode exercise consisted of: 15-mm fixed-load cycling at 50% heart rate reserve (HRR; Cycle1), 30-min fixed-speed running (80% HRR; Run1), 30-min time trial (Run2), then repeating cycling (Cycle2). Heart rate, end-tidal PCO2, cerebral oxygenation, a marker of blood-brain barrier integrity ([S100 beta]), cognition (Stroop test) and perceptions were recorded at rest, Cycles1 and 2, and 5 h post-exercise. MF had less cerebral deoxygenation during exercise (MF: -5 +/- 14, HF: 8 +/- 7 mu M L-1), but [S100 beta] was unchanged across fitness and colostrum supplementation. Hypocapnia was evident from Cycle1 to Run2 with end-tidal PCO2 decreasing from 36 +/- 5 to 31 +/- 5 mmHg in both trials. Response time to simple and complex tasks decreased during exercise by similar to 83 and similar to 301 ms, compared to rest in both fitness groups in both trials. The time difference between complex and simple tasks (i.e. decision-making time) also decreased from 724 +/- 200 (Rest) to 552 +/- 326 (Cycle1), 565 +/- 148 (Cycle2) and 515 +/- 216 ms (post-exercise; pooled results). We conclude that fitness per se does not modulate cognitive executive function or blood-brain barrier permeability during comparable, relative-intensity exercise in the heat, and that colostrum supplementation had negligible effect on performance, cognitive or cerebrovascular functioning. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Antenatal breastfeeding education for increasing breastfeeding duration; Background
Effect of feeding different sources of fat during gestation and lactation on reproduction of beef cows and calf performance; Experiment 1: Over a 2-yr period, a total of 231 Angus crossbred cows were assigned randomly to one of three gestation diets to evaluate the effects of fat sources on birth weight, weaning weight and average daily gain of calves, calf condition at birth, calf mortality, body weight of cows, gestation length, calving percentage, and the percentages of retained placenta and dystocia. Isonitrogenous and isoenergetic supplements were based on whole flaxseed (FLA), calcium salts of palm oil (Megalaco, MEG) or no fat (CON). All cows were fed grass silage (90% of ad libitum intake) until 1 mo before calving. Cows were then fed grass silage for ad libitum intake until they were put on pasture. Cows were offered 600 g of supplement per head per day starting 43 d before the first calving for a period averaging 78 d. Diet had no effect on body weight (BW) of cows at calving. Birth weights of calves were similar among treatments. However, calf mortality percentage at birth was almost four times higher (P = 0.03) for cows fed CON compared with those fed FLA and MEG. More than 90% of cows rejected placenta within 12 h of calving and treatment had no effect. Cows fed FLA and CON tended (P <= 0.10) to have higher cumulative pregnancy rates (92.9 and 91.9%, respectively) than those fed MEG (76.7%). Experiment 2: From 2000 Jan. 19 to 2000 Sep. 05, 41 heifers received 600 g per head per day of one of the three supplements used in exp. I to determine the effect of fat supplementation during pregnancy and breeding. Diet had no effect on calf birth weight, but contrasts indicated that heifers fed MEG tended (P = 0.09) to have a lower pregnancy rate than those fed CON. These data suggest that cows and heifers fed grass silage and/or on pasture would not be deficient in omega 3 fatty acids, thus would not benefit from a supplement rich in omega 3 fatty acids such as flaxseed. However, fat supplementation contributed to lower calf mortality at birth in cows, but not in heifers.
Production of lean beef containing a high content of <i>trans-10</i>, <i>cis-12</i> conjugated linoleic acid by feeding a high-temperature-micro-time-treated diet with extruded soybean; The effects were observed of feeding a high-temperature-micro-time (HTMT)-treated diet of high-quality extruded soybean (ESB) on trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) incorporation in intra-muscular fat and on the lipid metabolism of twelve Holstein steers. The animals were randomly allocated to three groups, the control group being fed on a normal diet, and the other two groups being fed on a diet containing high-quality ESB with or without the HTMT treatment. The experimental period was four months. The content of total CLA in both the HTMT and non-HTMT-treated diets was higher than that in the control diet (P < 0.05). The concentration of trans-10, cis-12 CLA was significantly higher in the HTMT-treated diet than in the non-treated diets at P < 0.05, and the HTMT-treatment decreased the intra-muscular fat content (P < 0.05). The expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS) and the plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) level in the HTMT-treated group were lower than those in the control group (P < 0.05). Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) mRNA level in the adipose tissue was lower in the non-HTMT-treated group than in the control (P < 0.05). These results show that the HTMT treatment increased the level of trans-10, cis-12 CLA in the intramuscular fat. This increased level of trans-10, cis-12 CLA may inhibit lipogenesis in the intra-muscular fat of Holstein steers.
Corticostriatal dynamics underlying components of binge-like consumption of palatable food in mice; Binge eating (BE) is a maladaptive repetitive feeding behavior present across nearly all eating disorder diagnoses. Despite the substantial negative impact of BE on psychological and physiological health, its underlying neural mechanisms are largely unknown. Other repetitive behavior disorders (e.g., obsessive compulsive disorder) show dysfunction within corticostriatal circuitry. However, to date, no work has investigated the in vivo neural dy-namics underlying corticostriatal activity during BE episodes. The aim of the current study was to longitudinally examine in vivo neural activity within corticostriatal regions - the infralimbic cortex (IL) and dorsolateral striatum (DLS)- in a robust pre-clinical model for BE. Female C57BL6/J mice (N = 32) were randomized to receive: 1) intermittent (daily, 2-h) binge-like access to palatable food (sweetened condensed milk) (BE), or 2) continuous, non-intermittent (24-h) access to palatable food (control). In vivo calcium imaging was performed via fiber photometry at baseline and after chronic (4 weeks) engagement in the model for BE. Specific consummatory behaviors (feeding bout onset/offset) during recordings were captured using lickometers which generated TTL outputs for precise alignment of behavior to neural data. IL showed no specific changes in neural activity related to BE. However, BE animals showed decreased DLS activity at feeding onset and offset at the chronic timepoint when compared to activity at the baseline timepoint. Additionally, BE mice had significantly lower DLS activity at feeding onset and offset at the chronic timepoint compared to control mice. These results point to a role for DLS hypofunction in chronic BE, highlighting a potential target for future treatment intervention.
Food and nutritional profile of high energy density consumers in an adult Mediterranean population; Objective: To test if an adult Mediterranean population consumes different food volumes while spontaneously ingesting diets of different energy density and to estimate which are the food and nutritional profiles of these diets.
Insulin-like growth factor I, binding proteins-1 and-3, risk of type 2 diabetes and macronutrient intakes in men; The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis may be involved in the development of type 2 diabetes. We examined the associations of IGF-I and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP)-1 and -3 with diabetes risk and evaluated macronutrient intakes related to the observed associations. In a nested case-control study of the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study of Finnish male smokers aged 50-69 years, the IGF variables were measured from baseline serum samples for a random sample of 310 men with diabetes diagnosed during a 12-year follow-up and for 310 controls matched by age, recruitment day and intervention group. Diet at baseline was assessed using a validated FFQ. The associations of IGF proteins with diabetes risk were estimated using conditional logistic regression and the associations with macronutrient intakes using linear regression. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were not associated with the incidence of diabetes. Higher IGFBP-1 was associated with lower diabetes risk in an unadjusted crude model (OR 0.25; 95% CI 0.15, 0.42 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest), but not after adjustment for BMI (corresponding OR 0.76; 95% CI 0.41, 1.40). Intakes of carbohydrates, plant protein and milk protein associated positively and intake of meat protein and fat negatively with IGFBP-1 (P < 0.005). IGFBP-1 was inversely associated with diabetes risk, but the association was substantially dependent on BMI. The associations between macronutrient intakes and IGFBP-1 may reflect influences of nutrients or foods on insulin concentrations.
An assessment of nutrition information on front of pack labels and healthiness of foods in the United Kingdom retail market; Background Front of pack nutrition labelling is part of United Kingdom government's programme of activities aiming to tackle diet-related diseases. There are several front of pack labelling formats available and they differ in the information they deliver. This study assessed the frequency of usage of front of pack food labelling systems on food products in the United Kingdom grocery market. It also measured the healthiness of some foods in the online market by categorising them according to their nutrient contents. Methods Five hundred food products in five categories [(1) cereals and cereal products, (2) dairy products, (3) beverages, (4) packaged meats and meat products, and (5) pre-packaged fruits and vegetables] from three main United Kingdom retail websites were investigated. A simple random sampling method was used for product selection according to the categories on the retailers' websites. The healthiness of foods was also assessed by categorising them into 'healthier', 'moderately healthy' and 'least healthy' based on fat, saturated fat, salt and sugar contents. Results The total number of label types assessed comprises 19.6% of Guideline Daily Amounts or Reference Intakes and 43.8% had a combination of Traffic Light and Reference Intakes (hybrid label). Slightly over a quarter (27.4%) of products included nutritional information in a grid or table, 3.4% of the foods had two of any of the following: Health Logo, Reference Intakes and Traffic Light labels, and 5.8% did not have any Reference Intakes, Traffic Light, Health Logo or Hybrid label. Most of the foods assessed were manufactured in the United Kingdom with only 30.8% imported from 32 countries across four continents. Conclusions Traffic Light and Guideline Daily Amounts were the most used front of pack labelling formats on the assessed food product. A higher number of assessed products belonged to the "moderately healthy" and "healthier" categories than the "least healthy". The imported foods that were found in the United Kingdom retail market showed that food choices could be made from the diverse food types.
Energy and metabolic sensing G protein-coupled receptors during lactation-induced changes in energy balance; The free fatty acid receptor FFA1,FFA2, and FFA3 and hydroxy-carboxylic acid receptor (HCA(2)) are G protein-coupled receptors, acting as energy and metabolic sensors. Herein, we characterized the tissue-specific mRNA abundance of genes encoding for these receptors at different stages of lactation. In addition, potential effects of supplementation with or without conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) were tested. Tissues from pluriparous cows (subcutaneous adipose tissue [SAT] and liver) and from primiparous cows (3 SAT locations, 3 visceral adipose tissues, liver, mammary gland, and skeletal muscle) were used from 2 separate trials. In primiparous cows, the mRNA abundance of all receptors (FFA3 was not detectable by the applied protocol in muscle and udder) was lowest in muscle (P < 0.05). With the exception of FFA1, gene expression of the investigated receptors was higher in adipose tissue than in the non-adipose tissue. Expression of FFA1 in liver (P < 0.03), FFAR2 in SAT(P < 0.01), and HCA(2) in SAT (P < 0.01) from pluriparous cows changed during the observation period (days 21 to 252 relative to parturition). The correlation between mRNA abundance of HCA(2) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG) and likewise PPARG2 (P < 0.01) in SAT indicates a link between HCA(2) and PPARG. Differences in receptor mRNA abundance between the CLA-fed and the control animals were scarce and limited to HCA(2) and FFA1 in 1 and 2 time points, respectively (less hepatic HCA(2) mRNA in CLA-fed pluriparous cows and greater FFA1 mRNA abundance in 2 visceral adipose tissue depots in CLA-treated primiparous cows). In view of the metabolic changes occurring during the different phases of lactation, in particular, the altered concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate acting as receptor ligands, the longitudinal tissue-specific characterization provided herein allows for a first insight into the regulation of these receptors at the gene expression level. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Determinants of metabolic syndrome (MetS) amongst persons living in Dibrugarh District of Assam; Problem considered: As India is considered as the diabetic capital of world, a huge burden of undiagnosed metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a possibility. Early intervention can be planned if MetS can be detected early to avert cardiovascular morbidities.
Food Groups and Renal Cell Carcinoma: Results from a Case-Control Study; Background The role of diet in renal cell carcinoma risk has been inconciusive. This study uses an integrative approach to assess the role of food groups and food items in renal cell carcinoma risk.
Performance of glycated albumin as a biomarker of hyperglycemia in pregnancy: Results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004; Aim: We sought to evaluate the performance of glycated albumin (GA) as a measure of hyperglycemia in pregnant women.Methods: We used data from 555 pregnant women aged 20-40 years who participated in NHANES 1999-2004 and did not report a pre-pregnancy diagnosis of diabetes. We used Pearson's correlations and evaluated the area under the curve (AUC) for GA to detect elevated concentrations of random glucose, HbA1c, or fasting glucose (subset). We compared results to 1607 nonpregnant women aged 20-40 without diabetes.Results: In pregnant women, 1.9 % had HbA1c >= 39 mmol/mol (>= 5.7 %), 9.1 % had random glucose >= 5.3 mmol/L (>= 95 mg/dL), and 10.7 % had fasting glucose >= 5.3 mmol/L. In pregnancy, GA was poorly correlated with HbA1c (r = 0.08) and random glucose (r = 0.17). BMI was positively associated with HbA1c (r = 0.33) and random glucose (r = 0.25) but was inversely associated with GA (r =-0.27). GA had poor discrimination for detecting hyperglycemia in pregnant women, defined as HbA1c >= 39 mmol/mol (AUC = 0.634) or random glucose >= 5.3 mmol/L (AUC = 0.628). Similar patterns were observed among nonpregnant women.Conclusions: GA is not a sensitive test to screen for hyperglycemia in pregnancy. GA was inversely associated with adiposity in pregnant women without diabetes. Pregnancy-related weight gain may complicate interpretation of repeated GA measurements.
Analyses of single nucleotide polymorphisms in selected nutrient-sensitive genes in weight-regain prevention: the DIOGENES study; Background: Differences in the interindividual response to dietary intervention could be modified by genetic variation in nutrient-sensitive genes.
The Impact of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder on Pharmacologic Intervention Outcomes for Adults With Bipolar Disorder: A Systematic Review; Background The prevalence of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) co-occurring in people with bipolar disorder (BD) is high. People with BD and PTSD may experience different outcomes and quality of life after pharmacologic treatment than those with BD alone. This review systematically explores the impact of PTSD on pharmacologic treatment outcomes for adults with BD. Methods We conducted a systematic search up to November 25, 2021, using MEDLINE Complete, Embase, American Psychological Association PsycInfo, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials to identify randomized and nonrandomized studies of pharmacologic interventions for adults with BD that assessed for comorbid PTSD. We used the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale and Cochrane Risk of Bias tool to assess the risk of bias. Results The search identified 5093 articles, and we reviewed 62 full-text articles. Two articles met inclusion criteria (N = 438). One article was an observational study, and the other was a randomized comparative effectiveness trial. The observational study examined lithium response rates and found higher response rates in BD alone compared with BD plus PTSD over 4 years. The randomized trial reported more severe symptoms in the BD plus PTSD group than in those with BD alone following 6 months of quetiapine treatment. There was no significant difference in the lithium treatment group at follow-up. Conclusions Comorbid PTSD may affect quetiapine and lithium treatment response in those with BD. Because of the high risk of bias and low quality of evidence, however, these results are preliminary. Specific studies exploring comorbid BD and PTSD are required to inform pharmacotherapy selection and guidelines appropriately. (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews ID: CRD42020182540).
IMPACT OF MYRISTIC ACID VERSUS PALMITIC ACID ON SERUM-LIPID AND LIPOPROTEIN LEVELS IN HEALTHY WOMEN AND MEN; The cholesterol-raising effect of dietary saturated fatty acids is largely accounted for by lauric, myristic, and palmitic acids. Dairy fat is a major source of myristic acid, and palm oil is especially rich in palmitic acid. Myristic acid is suspected of being much more cholesterolemic than palmitic acid, but direct comparisons have been lacking. We therefore fed 36 women and 23 men three diets that differed from each other in palmitic, oleic, and myristic acid content by about 10% of total energy. We used palm oil, high-oleic acid sunflower oil, and a specially produced high-myristic acid fat to achieve these differences. Each diet was consumed for 3 weeks in random order. Mean serum cholesterol was 4.53 mmol/L on the high-oleic acid diet, 4.96 mmol/L on the palmitic acid diet, and 5.19 mmol/L on the myristic acid diet (P<.0001 for all comparisons). Myristic acid raised low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.11 mmol/L, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 0.12 mmol/L, and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I by 7.2 mg/dL relative to palmitic acid; increases relative to oleic acid were 0.50 mmol/L for LDL cholesterol 0.15 mmol/L for HDL cholesterol, 6.0 mg/dL for apoB, and 8.9 mg/dL for apoA-I (P<.01 for all comparisons). The HDL cholesterol and apoA-I levels on the palmitic and oleic acid diets were the same. None of the responses differed significantly between women and men. Myristic acid and palmitic acid both caused high LDL cholesterol and apoB levels and low HDL to LDL ratios. Thus, diets for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia should be low in myristic and palmitic acids.
Leadless Ultrasound-Based Cardiac Resynchronization System in Heart Failure; Importance Approximately 40% of patients with heart failure (HF) who are eligible for cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) either fail to respond or are untreatable due to anatomical constraints. Objective To assess the safety and efficacy of a novel, leadless, left ventricular (LV) endocardial pacing system for patients at high risk for a CRT upgrade or whose coronary sinus (CS) lead placement/pacing with a conventional CRT system failed. Design, Setting, and Participants The SOLVE-CRT study was a prospective multicenter trial, enrolling January 2018 through September 2022, with follow-up in March 2023. Data were analyzed from DATE MONTH, YEAR, through DATE MONTH, YEAR. The trial combined data from an initial randomized, double-blind study (n = 108) and a subsequent single-arm part (n = 75). It took place at 36 centers across Australia, Europe, and the US. Participants were nonresponders, previously untreatable (PU), or high-risk upgrades (HRU). All participants contributed to the safety analysis. The primary efficacy analysis (n = 100) included 75 PU-HRU patients from the single-arm part and 25 PU-HRU patients from the randomized treatment arm. Interventions Patients were implanted with the WiSE CRT System (EBR Systems) consisting of a leadless LV endocardial pacing electrode stimulated with ultrasound energy delivered by a subcutaneously implanted transmitter and battery. Main Outcomes and Measures The primary safety end point was freedom from type I complications. The primary efficacy end point was a reduction in mean LV end systolic volume (LVESV). Results The study included 183 participants; mean age was 68.1 (SD, 10.3) years and 141 were male (77%). The trial was terminated at an interim analysis for meeting prespecified stopping criteria. In the safety population, patients were either New York Heart Association Class II (34.6%) or III (65.4%). The primary efficacy end point was met with a 16.4% (95% CI, -21.0% to -11.7%) reduction in mean LVESV (P = .003). The primary safety end point was met with an 80.9% rate of freedom from type I complications (P < .001), which included 12 study device system events (6.6%), 5 vascular events (2.7%), 3 strokes (1.6%), and 7 cardiac perforations which mostly occurred early in the study (3.8%). Conclusions and Relevance The SOLVE-CRT study has demonstrated that leadless LV endocardial pacing with the WiSE CRT system is associated with a reduction in LVESV in patients with HF. This novel system may represent an alternative to conventional CRT implants in some HF patient populations.
Protective Effect of a Mixture of <i>Astragalus membranaceus</i> and <i>Lithospermum erythrorhizon</i> Extract against Hepatic Steatosis in High Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Mice; The present study aimed to evaluate the potential synergistic and protective effects of ALM16, a mixture of Astragalus membranaceus (AM) and Lithospermum erythrorhizon (LE) extract in a ratio of 7 : 3, against hepatic steatosis in high fat diet (HFD)-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) mice. Forty-eight mice were randomly divided into eight groups and orally administered daily for 6 weeks with a normal diet (ND) or high fat diet alone (HFD), HFD with AM (HFD + 100 mg/kg AM extract), HFD with LE (HFD + 100 mg/kg LE extract), HFD with ALM16 (HFD + 50, 100, and 200 mg/kg ALM16), or HFD with MT (HFD + 100 mg/kg Milk thistle extract) as a positive control. ALM16 significantly decreased the body and liver weight, serum and hepatic lipid profiles, including triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL), and serum glucose levels, compared to the HFD group. Moreover, ALM16 significantly ameliorated the HFD-induced increased hepatic injury markers, including aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT)-1. Furthermore, as compared to the mice fed HFD alone, ALM16 increased the levels of phosphorylated AMP-activated protein kinase (p-AMPK) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (p-ACC), thereby upregulating the expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase (CPT)-1 and downregulating the expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1c and fatty acid synthase (FAS). These results demonstrated that ALM16 markedly inhibited HFD-induced hepatic steatosis in NAFLD mice by modulating AMPK and ACC signaling pathways, and may be more effective than the single extracts of AM or LE.
National nutrition surveys and dietary changes in Iceland. Economic differences in healthy eating; Introduction. Here we compare results on food and nutrient intake from the two most recent Icelandic national nutrition surveys from 2010/11 and 2002 and compare intake of energy giving nutrients from 1990. Finally we assess associations beween a healthy diet and difficulties people have in making ends meet.
Comparison between pre-exercise casein peptide and intact casein supplementation on glucose tolerance in mice fed a high-fat diet; We hypothesized that along with exercise, casein peptide supplementation would have a higher impact on improving glucose tolerance than intact casein. Male 6-week-old ICR mice were provided a high-fat diet to induce obesity and glucose intolerance. The mice were randomly divided into 4 treatment groups: control (Con), endurance training (Tr), endurance training with intact casein supplementation (Cas+Tr), and endurance training with casein peptide supplementation (CP+Tr). The mice in each group were orally administrated water, intact casein, or casein peptide (1.0 mg/g body weight, every day), and then subjected to endurance training (15-25 m/min, 60 min, 5 times/week for 4 weeks) on a motor-driven treadmill 30 min after ingestion. Our results revealed that total intra-abdominal fat was significantly lower in CP+Tr than in Con (p < 0.05). Following an oral glucose tolerance test, the blood glucose area under the curve (AUC) was found to be significantly smaller for CP+Tr than for Con (p < 0.05). Moreover, in the soleus muscle, glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) protein levels were significantly higher in CP+Tr than in Con (p < 0.01). However, intra-abdominal fat, blood glucose AUC, and GLUT4 protein content in the soleus muscle did not alter in Tr and Cas+Tr when compared with Con. These observations suggest that pre-exercise casein peptide supplementation has a higher effect on improving glucose tolerance than intact casein does in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Effects of prepartum supplementary fat and muscle hypertrophy genotype on cold tolerance in newborn calves; Effects of feeding pregnant dams supplemental dietary fat during the last 55 d of gestation on cold tolerance of newborn crossbred calves with (Piedmontese cross, P, n = 15) or without (Hereford cross, H, n = 16) the muscle hypertrophy allele was determined. Primiparous FI dams gestating F2 calves of the respective breeds were assigned randomly within breed to receive gestation diets containing either 2.2 (Low Fat; LF) or 5.1% fat (High Fat; HF). Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.) seeds containing 37% oil with 79% linoleic acid were the supplemental fat source in diets formulated to be isocaloric-isonitrogenous. At parturition, calves were separated from their dams, fed 38 degrees C pooled dairy cow colostrum (30 mL/kg BW), muzzled to prevent suckling, and returned to their dams in a heated (22 degrees C) room for 3.5 h. At 4 h of age (birth = 0 h), a catheter was inserted into the jugular vein. At 5h of age, calves were placed in a 0 degrees C room for 140 min, and rectal temperatures and blood samples were obtained at 10- and 20-min intervals. Blood was assayed for cortisol and glucose. Rectal temperature was affected by diet (P < .05), time, diet x time, and breed x time (P < .01 for time and the interactions). Cortisol and glucose concentrations were not affected by diet, breed, or the diet x breed interaction, but they were affected by time, breed x time (both P < .01), and diet x time (P = .06). Calves from HF dams had higher rectal temperatures than calves from LF dams, and the HF calves maintained higher rectal temperatures throughout cold exposure. Cortisol concentrations were lower (P = .06) in calves from HF dams, and these calves had more (P = .06) glucose available for metabolic heat production than calves from LF dams. Piedmontese-cross calves maintained higher (P < .01) rectal temperatures and had higher cortisol and glucose (both P < .01) concentrations than did H-cross calves. We conclude that feeding dams supplemental fat during late gestation increased heat production in newborn calves and potentially could increase calf survival; calves with muscle hypertrophy may have a different ratio of shivering vs nonshivering thermogenesis due to differences in body composition or relationships among uncoupling proteins.
Beneficial effects of a Paleolithic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes: a randomized cross-over pilot study; Background: Our aim was to compare the effects of a Paleolithic ('Old Stone Age') diet and a diabetes diet as generally recommended on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes not treated with insulin.
Hydration may reverse most symptoms of lower extremity intermittent claudication or rest pain; Background: Medical treatment of severe intermittent claudication or critical limb-threatening ischemia causing rest pain frequently achieves only partial relief or is not effective at all.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction as the first approach in diabetes management: Critical review and evidence base; The inability of current recommendations to control the epidemic of diabetes, the specific failure of the prevailing low-fat diets to improve obesity, cardiovascular risk, or general health and the persistent reports of some serious side effects of commonly prescribed diabetic medications, in combination with the continued success of low-carbohydrate diets in the treatment of diabetes and metabolic syndrome without significant side effects, point to the need for a reappraisal of dietary guidelines. The benefits of carbohydrate restriction in diabetes are immediate and well documented. Concerns about the efficacy and safety are long term and conjectural rather than data driven. Dietary carbohydrate restriction reliably reduces high blood glucose, does not require weight loss (although is still best for weight loss), and leads to the reduction or elimination of medication. It has never shown side effects comparable with those seen in many drugs. Here we present 12 points of evidence supporting the use of low-carbohydrate diets as the first approach to treating type 2 diabetes and as the most effective adjunct to pharmacology in type 1. They represent the best-documented, least controversial results. The insistence on long-term randomized controlled trials as the only kind of data that will be accepted is without precedent in science. The seriousness of diabetes requires that we evaluate all of the evidence that is available. The 12 points are sufficiently compelling that we feel that the burden of proof rests with those who are opposed. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Etiologic effects and optimal intakes of foods and nutrients for risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses from the Nutrition and Chronic Diseases Expert Group (NutriCoDE); Background Dietary habits are major contributors to coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. However, comprehensive evaluation of etiologic effects of dietary factors on cardiometabolic outcomes, their quantitative effects, and corresponding optimal intakes are not well established.
Hydroxyproline stimulates inflammation and reprograms macrophage signaling in a rat kidney stone model; Meals rich in oxalate are associated with calcium oxalate (CaOx) kidney stone disease. Hydroxy-L-proline (HLP) is an oxalate precursor found in milk and collagen-containing foods. HLP has been shown to induce CaOx crystal formation in rodents. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of HLP induced oxalate levels on inflammation and renal leukocytes during crystal formation. Male Sprague-Dawley rats (6-8 weeks old) were fed a control diet containing no oxalate for 3 days before being randomized to continue the control diet or 5% HLP for up to 28 days. Blood, 24 h urine, and kidneys were collected on Days 0, 7, 14, or 28. Urinary oxalate levels, crystal deposition, and renal macrophage markers were evaluated using ion chromatography-mass spectrometry, immunohistochemistry, and qRT-PCR. Renal leukocytes were assessed using flow cytometry and RNAsequencing. HLP feeding increased urinary oxalate levels and renal crystal formation in animals within 7 days. HLP also increased renal macrophage populations on Days 14 and 28. Transcriptome analysis revealed that renal macrophages from animals fed HLP for 7 days were involved in inflammatory response and disease, stress response to LPS, oxidative stress, and immune cell trafficking. Renal macrophages isolated on Day 14 were involved in cell-mediated immunological pathways, ion homeostasis, and inflammatory response. Collectively, these findings suggest that HLP-mediated oxalate levels induce markers of inflammation, leukocyte populations, and reprograms signaling pathways in macrophages in a time-dependent manner. Additional studies investigating the significance of oxalate on renal macrophages could aid in our understanding of kidney stone formation.
Differential Effects of Two Fermentable Carbohydrates on Central Appetite Regulation and Body Composition; Background: Obesity is rising at an alarming rate globally. Different fermentable carbohydrates have been shown to reduce obesity. The aim of the present study was to investigate if two different fermentable carbohydrates (inulin and beta-glucan) exert similar effects on body composition and central appetite regulation in high fat fed mice.
Maternal docosahexaenoic acid-enriched diet prevents neonatal brain injury; Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy due to neonatal asphyxia is one of the most important causes of delayed neurological development. Prolonged neuronal apoptosis plays an important role in the processes contributing to neuronal degeneration. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a major component of brain membrane phospholipids, prevents neuronal cell apoptosis and plays an important role as an anti-oxidant agent. We investigated the neuroprotective and anti-oxidant effects of maternal DHA supplementation during pregnancy in a model of neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. Pregnant rats were randomly assigned to two experimental groups: a control group or a DHA-enriched diet group. Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy was produced by left common carotid artery occlusion and exposure to 8% oxygen for 1.5 h. TUNEL assay, immunohistochemistry for caspase-3 and 8-hydroxy-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), and Western blot for caspase-3 were performed at postnatal days 8, 10 and 14. Fatty acid composition of brain was estimated on postnatal day 7. Maternal diet clearly influenced brain fatty acid composition in pups. Numbers of apoptotic neuronal cells and 8-OHdG immunoreactivity were significantly decreased in the DHA-enriched group. Our findings indicate that maternal DHA-enriched diet during pregnancy provides neuroprotection by inhibiting oxidative stress and apoptotic neuronal death. Dietary supplementation of DHA during pregnancy may thus be beneficial in preventing neonatal brain injury.
A dietary pattern based on estrogen metabolism is associated with breast cancer risk in a prospective cohort of postmenopausal women; Increased exposure to estrogen is a risk factor for postmenopausal breast cancer, and dietary factors can influence estrogen metabolism. However, studies of diet and breast cancer have been inconclusive. We developed a dietary pattern associated with levels of unconjugated estradiol and the ratio of 2- and 16-hydroxylated estrogen metabolites in a subsample of Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian Screening Trial (PLCO) participants (n=653) using reduced rank regression, and examined its association with postmenopausal breast cancer prospectively in the larger PLCO cohort (n=27,488). The estrogen-related dietary pattern (ERDP) was comprised of foods with positively-weighted intakes (non-whole/refined grains, tomatoes, cruciferous vegetables, cheese, fish/shellfish high in -3 fatty acids, franks/luncheon meats) and negatively-weighted intakes (nuts/seeds, other vegetables, fish/shellfish low in -3 fatty acids, yogurt, coffee). A 1-unit increase in the ERDP score was associated with an increase in total (HR: 1.09, 95% CI: 1.01-1.18), invasive (HR: 1.13; 95% CI: 1.04-1.24) and estrogen receptor (ER)-positive (HR: 1.13, 95% CI: 1.02-1.24) breast cancer risk after adjustment for confounders. Associations were observed for the fourth quartile of ERDP compared with the first quartile for overall breast cancer (HR: 1.14; 95% CI: 0.98-1.32), invasive cases (HR: 1.20, 95% CI: 1.02-1.42) and ER-positive cases (HR: 1.19; 95% CI: 0.99-1.41). The increased risk associated with increasing ERDP score was more apparent in strata of some effect modifiers (postmenopausal hormone therapy non-users and non-obese participants) where the relative estrogen exposure due to that factor was lowest, although the p values for interaction were not statistically significant. Results suggest a dietary pattern based on estrogen metabolism is positively associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk, possibly through an estrogenic influence.
The effect of dietary fat on fatty acid composition, gene expression and vitamin status in pre-ruminant calves; Dietary saturated (SFA) and unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) alter fatty acid (FA) composition of various tissues, serum, and circulating immune cells. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of dietary SFA and UFA on adipose, liver, serum, polymorphonuclear (PMN) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells' (PBMC) FA profiles, gene expression of selected inflammatory mediators, and their relation with serum lipid-soluble vitamin in pre-ruminant calves. Twelve Holstein male calves were randomly assigned to one of two treatments. Starting at 3 d of age, six calves received 120 mL palm oil/day (SFA), and six calves received 80 mL flaxseed oil plus 40 mL conjugated linoleic acid/day (UFA). After 50 d, all animals were euthanized and samples were obtained. Fatty acid composition of non-esterifled fatty acid (NEFA), neutral lipid (NL), and phospholipids (PL) was analyzed by gas-chromatography. High-performance liquid chromatography was used to detect alpha-tocopherol and retinol in liver, as well as alpha-tocopherol, retinol, and beta-carotene in serum. In addition, liver and adipose tissue were analyzed for gene expression of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12, interferon-gamma, peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptor-gamma, TNF-alpha, retinol binding protein-4, and NF-kappa B. The PBMC were examined for IL-1 beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha and intercellular adhesion molecule-1; PMN cells were analyzed for caspase-1, IL-8 receptor, and L-selectin (L-SEL) expression. Data were analyzed using the Proc MST of SAS with significance declared at P <= 0.05. Results showed that the UFA had greater alpha-linolenic acid compared to SFA in all three (NEFA, NL, and PL) lipid fractions of liver, adipose and serum, as well as PBMC and PMN. The greater content of alpha-LA in calves fed UFA resulted in greater eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in all three lipid fractions of serum, as well as NL and PL in adipose tissue. The UFA however, had lower gamma-linolenic acid compared with SFA in all three lipid fractions of liver, as well as NL and PL in serum. Dietary UFA also increased total PUFA in all lipid fractions of serum and adipose. In addition, PBMC and PMN had greater EPA in calves fed UFA. Lipid-soluble vitamins in serum were reduced by dietary UFA. In contrast, UFA resulted in upregulation of L-SEL expression in PMN. This may indicate that UFA elevated the substrate for PUFA biosynthesis, but possibly degraded lipid-soluble vitamins to protect these FA from oxidation. Greater circulating PUFA may influence the migration of PMN from the blood to tissues, affecting overall inflammatory responses.
The optimal sequence of microvascular repair during prolonged clamping in free flap transfer; During free flap transfer, the surgeon may decide to begin with repair of the artery or the vein(s) and to unclamp the first vessel as soon as repair is completed or maintain the clamping of both vessels until completion of all repairs. Complications can lead to prolonged clamping times, potentially increasing the risk of tissue ischemia, vascular damage, and thrombosis. The goals of the present study were to determine whether the sequence of vessel repair and the duration of clamping affect the success of free flap transfer in cases requiring prolonged clamping. Sixty abdominal fasciocutaneous free flaps based on the superficial inferior epigastric vessels were created in Sprague-Dawley ram To model clinical situations in which prolonged clamping is necessary, the study used a I-hour delay before the repair of the second vessel. Flaps were randomized into four groups. In group I (n = 15), the artery was repaired first, and the arterial clamp was removed immediately to allow arterial inflow. In group II (n = 15), the arterial repair was first, and the arterial clamp was maintained until completion of venous repair. In group III (n = 15), venous repair was first, with venous clamping maintained until completion of the arterial repair. In group IV (n = 15), initial venous repair was followed by immediate unclamping, before arterial repair. On release of all clamps, the patency of arteries and veins was confirmed immediately and after 1 hour using a "milking" test. On the fifth postoperative day, each flap was assessed for necrosis and for patency of the anastomoses. Of 15 flaps in each group, five (33 percent) failed in group I, four (27 percent) failed in groups II and III, and six (40 percent) failed in group IV. Differences between groups were not statistically significant (p = 0.8). These results demonstrate that in cases requiring prolonged occlusive clamping (2 to 3 hours), factors such as venous congestion, possible clamp injury, and presence of static blood in contact with the new anastomosis have relatively equivalent contributions to the risk of failure. Accordingly, no advantage seems to be gained by beginning with the artery or the vein or by using early or delayed unclamping of the first vessel repaired.
Dietary fat reduction and breast cancer outcome: results from the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study (WINS); Given that existing epidemiologic data on the correlation between dietary fat and breast cancer have been mixed, the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study was launched in 1987. This randomized clinical trial of 2437 women between the ages of 48 and 79 y with early-stage breast cancer tested the hypothesis that dietary fat reduction would increase the relapse-free survival rate. The study determined that low-fat dietary interventions can influence body weight and decrease breast cancer recurrence. Results showing a differential effect of diet on hormone-receptor-positive and -negative disease suggest that metabolic mechanisms involving insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 may be involved in tumorigenesis. The results of the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study may therefore contribute to knowledge of the role of insulin resistance in cancer risk.
Effect of injectable trace mineral complex supplementation on development of ovarian structures and serum copper and zinc concentrations in over-conditioned Holstein cows; This study evaluated the effect of injecting trace minerals on reproductive performance in over conditioned Holstein cows before synchronized estrus. Multiparous non-lactating, over-conditioned repeat breeder cows (n = 20) were assigned randomly to one of two treatments: 1) control (n = 10), and 2) supplementation with an injectable trace mineral complex 25 days before expected synchronized estrus (n = 10). Follicular waves were synchronized by intravaginal insertion of a CIDR for eight days and an intramuscular (i.m.) injection of a GnRH analogue. Estrus was induced at CIDR removal by an i.m. injection of PGF(2 alpha). Blood samples were collected before and after synchronized estrus. The response variables were follicle population (FP), diameter of the preovulatory follicle at CIDR removal (DFP0) and at estrus detection (DFP1), time of estrus after CIDR removal (TE), area of corpus luteum (ACL), pregnancy rate and copper and zinc serum concentrations. The statistical analysis of the variables was carried out with SAS. The FP, DFP0, DFP1, TE, ACL and serum concentrations of copper and zinc were not affected by the trace mineral injection (P > 0.05). Even though pregnancy rate at 40 (77.78 +/- 13.46 vs 44.44 +/- 16.56%) and 60 days after AI (66.67 +/- 15.71 vs 33.33 +/- 15.71%) was numerically higher for cows injected with trace minerals than for the control group, the differences were not significant (P > 0.05). In conclusion, while follicular and corpus luteum development were not affected by trace mineral injection, it may be a feasible way to increase the pregnancy rate in over-conditioned cows.
Effects of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on hyperlipidaemia; Purpose Fatalities due to heart and cerebrovascular diseases caused by uncontrolled hyperlipidaemia increase every year; on the other hand, lipid-lowering drugs are known to cause side effects. The gut microbiota has been thoroughly investigated by researchers and consumers, because they have unique functional properties and littler side effects. However, the effects of the gut microbiota remain controversial. We conducted a meta-analysis to assess the effects of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on various hyperlipidaemias.
DIETARY SOYBEAN OIL CHANGES LIPOLYTIC RATE AND COMPOSITION OF FATTY-ACIDS IN PLASMA-MEMBRANES OF OVINE ADIPOCYTES; A study was conducted to determine which fatty acids in plasma membranes of adipose tissue from ruminants are changed when the diet is supplemented with unsaturated fatty acids and to determine the effect of the fat supplement on adipocyte metabolism. Ten sheep were randomly assigned to two isonitrogenous diets containing either no added fat (control) or 5 g soybean oil/100 g diet. Perirenal fat was removed at slaughter, adipocytes isolated by collagenase digestion, and plasma membranes prepared by centrifugation on a Percoll gradient. Feeding soybean oil to the sheep increased (P < 0.05) linoleic acid [18:2(n-6)] concentration in subcutaneous fat and isolated adipocytes, suggesting partial escape of dietary unsaturated fatty acids from ruminal biohydrogenation. Soybean oil consumption also decreased (P < 0.05) concentrations of myristic acid, arachidonic acid [20:4(n-6)] and anteiso 17:0 in plasma membranes, but increased (P < 0.05) trans 18:1. Lipogenesis was not affected by diet, but lipolysis tended to be greater (P = 0.07) in sheep fed the soybean oil-containing diet than in those fed the control diet. In ruminants, fatty acids of ruminal origin, namely trans intermediates of biohydrogenation or branched-chain fatty acids of microbial lipid, may account for as much change in the composition of plasma membranes and in cellular metabolism as do the small quantities of unsaturated fatty acids in the diet that escape biohydrogenation.
Short-Term Effect of Macronutrient Composition and Glycemic Index of a Yoghurt Breakfast on Satiety and Mood in Healthy Young Men; Background: Promoting satiety and repressing appetite is one major goal in the dietetic therapy of obesity. In the past, several studies investigated the effect of different macronutrients, especially protein and carbohydrates, on short-and long-term satiety in humans. This paper aims to directly compare the effect of protein, rolled oats (low glycemic index), sugar or cornflakes (high glycemic index), and walnuts (high amount of omega-3 fatty acids) as ingredients of a yoghurt breakfast on short-term hunger and satiety in one setting. A second objective was to study the effect of these yoghurt breakfasts on mental state. Methods: 14 healthy male volunteers participated in this randomized, controlled, cross-over design study. After consuming the different test meals, volunteers repeatedly completed 2 questionnaires over a total of 3 h. Results: The protein meal showed the highest satiety scores and the controls (low-calorie yoghurt) the lowest. The other test meals were not different among each other. Regarding mental state (mood, fatigue, and calmness), no significant difference between the test meals and the low-calorie control was observed. Conclusion: The glycemic index does not seem to modify satiety in this short-term setting. The similar mental state between low-and high-calorie breakfasts deserves further investigations.
Total lactic acid bacteria, antioxidant activity, and acceptance of synbiotic yoghurt with red ginger extract (<i>Zingiberofficinale var</i>. <i>rubrum</i>); Antioxidant related to oxidative stress can caused the metabolic disorders. A functional food that high in antioxidant can be use as the alternative prevention. The addition of red ginger extract in yoghurt could form a functional food, that high in antioxidant, synbiotic and fiber. The influence of red ginger extract on yoghurt synbiotic against lactic acid bacteria, antioxidant activity and acceptance were analyzed. This was an experimental research with one factor complete randomized design, specifically the addition of red ginger extract 0%; 0,1%; 0,3% and 0,5% into synbiotic yoghurt. Total plate count method used to analyze the lactic acid bacteria, 1-1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) method for antioxidant activity, and acceptance analyzed with hedonic test. The higher the dose of extract added to synbiotic yoghurt, the antioxidant activity got significantly increased (rho=0,0001), while the lactic acid bacteria got insignificantly decreased (rho=0,085). The addition of 0,5% red ginger extract obtained the antioxidant activity of 71% and 4,86 x 10(13) CFU/ml on lactic acid bacteria, which the requirement for probiotic on National Standard of Indonesia is >10(7) CFU/ml. The addition of extract had a significant effect on acceptance (rho=0,0001) in flavor, color, and texture, but not aroma (rho=0,266). The optimal product in this research was the yoghurt synbiotic with addition of 0,1% red ginger extract. To summarize, the addition of red ginger extract in synbiotic yoghurt had significant effect on antioxidant activity, flavor, color, and texture, but no significant effect on lactic acid bacteria and aroma.
A high-fat diet and high-fat and high-cholesterol diet may affect glucose and lipid metabolism differentially through gut microbiota in mice; This study was conducted to investigate the effects of a high-fat diet (HFD) and high-fat and high-cholesterol diet (HFHCD) on glucose and lipid metabolism and on the intestinal microbiota of the host animal. A total of 30 four-week-old female C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into three groups (n=10) and fed with a normal diet (ND), HFD, or HFHCD for 12 weeks, respectively. The HFD significantly increased body weight and visceral adipose accumulation and partly lowered oral glucose tolerance compared with the ND and HFHCD. The HFHCD increased liver weight, liver fat infiltration, liver triglycerides, and liver total cholesterol compared with the ND and HFD. Moreover, it increased serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol compared with the ND and HFD and upregulated alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, and alkaline phosphatase significantly. The HFHCD also significantly decreased the alpha-diversity of the fecal bacteria of the mice, to a greater extent than the HFD. The composition of fecal bacteria among the three groups was apparently different. Compared with the HFHCD-fed mice, the HFD-fed mice had more Oscillospira, Odoribacter, Bacteroides, and [Prevotella], but less [Ruminococcus] and Akkermansia. Cecal short-chain fatty acids were significantly decreased after the mice were fed the HFD or HFHCD for 12 weeks. Our findings indicate that an HFD and HFHCD can alter the glucose and lipid metabolism of the host animal differentially; modifications of intestinal microbiota and their metabolites may be an important underlying mechanism.
Effects of sulforaphane and vitamin E on cognitive disorder and oxidative damage in lead-exposed mice hippocampus at lactation; Object To investigate the effects of sulforaphane (SFN) and vitamin E (VE) on spatial learning and memory ability and oxidative damage of hippocampus in lead-exposed mice at lactation.
Effects of long-term cholesterol diet on cholesterol concentration and development of atherosclerosis in homozygous apolipoprotein E-deficient mice; Homozygous apolipoprotein E-deficient (apo E KO) mice represent a suitable model for the experimental study of atherosclerosis. The aim of our study was to evaluate the relationship between the duration of a cholesterol diet and the development of atherosclerosis. Apo E KO mice were divided into two groups. Group 1 (n = 8) received a cholesterol diet from the first day of life after birth (through the breast milk of the mothers on a cholesterol diet), Group 2 (n = 6) received a control diet (as well as their mothers) for the first 3 months, and a cholesterol diet from the third month of life. The animals were cuthanased by decapitation at the age of five months. Blood was used for the measurement of cholesterol concentrations. From a series of 72 histological sections through the descendent thoracic aorta, 8 samples were selected in a uniform systematic random manner and used for a stereological quantification of atherosclerotic lesions.
Percutaneous Left-Ventricular Support With the Impella-2.5-Assist Device in Acute Cardiogenic Shock Results of the Impella-EUROSHOCK-Registry; Background-Acute cardiogenic shock after myocardial infarction is associated with high in-hospital mortality attributable to persisting low-cardiac output. The Impella-EUROSHOCK-registry evaluates the safety and efficacy of the Impella-2.5-percutaneous left-ventricular assist device in patients with cardiogenic shock after acute myocardial infarction.
Early brain magnetic resonance imaging can predict short and long-term outcomes after organophosphate poisoning in a rat model; Introduction: Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging is a sensitive modality for demonstrating in vivo alterations in brain structure and function after acute organophosphate (OP) poisoning. The goals of this study were to explore early imaging findings in organophosphate-poisoned animals, to assess the efficacy of centrally acting antidotes and to find whether early MR findings can predict post-poisoning cognitive dysfunction.
Feeding lambs high-oleate or high-linoleate safflower seeds differentially influences carcass fatty acid composition; Our objective was to determine effects of dietary high-oleate (Oleate; 76% 18:1) or high-linoleate (Linoleate; 78% 18:2) safflower seeds on fatty acids in muscle and adipose tissue of feedlot lambs. White-faced ewe lambs (n = 36) were fed a beet pulp, oat hay, and soybean meal basal diet (Control), blocked by BW, and allotted randomly to dietary treatments. Cracked safflower seeds were used in isocaloric and isonitrogenous replacement of beet pulp, oat hay, and soybean meal so that Oleate and Linoleate diets contained 5.0% additional fat. Fatty acids were determined in semitendinosus, longissimus dorsi (longissimus), and adipose tissue from the tail head (tailhead adipose tissue), adjacent to the 12th rib (s.c. adipose tissue), and kidney and pelvic fat (KPH adipose tissue) depots. Fatty acid data were analyzed within muscle and adipose tissue as a split-block design. Single degree of freedom orthogonal contrasts were used to compare treatment effects. Average daily gain, feed efficiency, and carcass characteristics did not differ (P = 0.15 to 0.96) across dietary treatments. Adipose tissue saturated fatty acids were greater (P = 0.04) for Controls but were not different (P = 0.36) in muscle. Trans-vaccenic acid (18:1(trans-11)) increased (P < 0.0001) with safflower supplementation and was greater (P < 0.0001) in Linoleate than in Oleate for both tissue types. Linoleate lamb had greater (P < 0.0001) PUFA than Oleate lamb in muscle and adipose tissue. Conjugated linoleic acids (CIA; cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12) were greater (P < 0.0001) in muscle and adipose tissue of lambs fed safflower seeds. Lambs fed Linoleate had greater (P < 0.0001) CLA in adipose tissue and muscle than lambs fed Oleate. Saturated fatty acids were greater (P < 0.0001) in s.c. adipose tissue than in tailhead adipose tissue. Mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids were greater (P < 0.0001) in tailhead adipose tissue than in s.c. adipose tissue. Weight percentages of 18:1(trans-11) ranked tailhead adipose tissue = KPH adipose tissue > s.c. adipose tissue and semitendinosus > longissimus, whereas CLA ranked tailhead adipose tissue > s.c. adipose tissue > XPH adipose tissue and semitendinosus > longissimus. Feeding mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids increased tissue 18:1(trans-11) and CLA, which is a favorable change in regard to current human dietary guidelines.
Dietary supplementation with flaxseed mucilage alone or in combination with calcium in dogs: effects on apparent digestibility of fat and energy and fecal characteristics; BACKGROUND: In humans, dietary supplementation with flaxseed mucilage and calcium decrease apparent digestibility of fat and energy. These supplements could prove useful for weight management in dogs.
Performance of growing lambs fed grass silage with raw or extruded soybean or canola seeds; Thirty-two Outaouais male lambs were assigned to a completely randomized design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments to determine the effect of extrusion of full fat seeds on performance and carcass quality. Raw (NE) and extruded (EX) isonitrogenous and isoenergetic mixtures of barley and either full fat soybean (SB) or canola seed (CA) were fed at a daily rate of 424 and 400 g, respectively. Lambs were fed silage ad libitum from 20 to 43 kg. Intakes of silage DM and total DE were similar among treatments. The ADG and concentration of total polyunsaturated fatty acids (FA) in muscle were higher for lambs fed EX than NE seeds and the effect was greater for SB than CA mixture; this tended (P = 0.06) to result in an interaction between seed and extrusion for polyunsaturated FA in muscle. Similar trends were observed for feed efficiency. This could reflect the response to heat treatment as extrusion significantly reduced N degradability of SB mixture but had no effect on that of CA mixture. Digestibilities of DM, N, and energy were higher (P < 0.10) for lambs fed SB than for lambs fed CA mixture and extrusion had no effect. Data suggest that extrusion of seeds can be used to improve performance of lambs fed a high forage diet and modify FA composition of the carcass.
Effect of Multispecies Probiotic Supplements on Metabolic Profiles, hs-CRP, and Oxidative Stress in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes (Publication with Expression of Concern. See JAN, 2023); Background: We are aware of no study that has indicated the effects of daily consumption of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. Objective: This study was designed to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. Methods: This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed on 54 diabetic patients aged 35-70 years. Subjects were randomly assigned to take either a multispecies probiotic supplement (n = 27) or placebo (n = 27) for 8 weeks. The multispecies probiotic supplement consisted of 7 viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU), L. casei (7 x 10(9) CFU), L. rhamnosus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), L. bulgaricus (2 x 10(8) CFU), Bifidobacterium breve (2 x 10(10) CFU), B. Ion gum (7 x 10(9) CFU), Streptococcus thermophilus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), and 100 mg fructo-oligosaccharide. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after intervention to measure metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and biomarkers of oxidative stress including plasma total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione (GSH). Results: Between-group comparisons of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) revealed that consumption of probiotic supplements prevented a rise in FPG (+28.8 +/- 8.5 for placebo vs. +1.6 +/- 6 mg/di for probiotic group, p = 0.01). Although a significant within-group increase in serum insulin and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels was found in both the probiotic group and the placebo group, the changes were similar between the two groups. We observed a significant increase in HOMA-IR (homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance) in both the probiotic group (p = 0.02) and the placebo group (p = 0.001); however, the increase in the placebo group was significantly higher than that in the probiotic group (+2.38 vs. +0.78, p = 0.03). Mean changes in serum hs-CRP were significantly different between the two groups (-777.57 for the probiotic group vs. +878.72 ng/ml for the placebo group, p = 0.02). Probiotic supplementation led to a significant increase in plasma GSH levels compared to placebo (240.63 vs.-33.46 mu mol/l, p = 0.03). Conclusion: In conclusion, nnultispecies probiotic supplementation, compared with placebo, for 8 weeks in diabetic patients prevented a rise in FPG and resulted in a decrease in serum hs-CRP and an increase in plasma total GSH. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Conjugated linoleic acid supplementation in humans - Metabolic effects; Supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) induces a number of physiological effects in experimental animals, including reduced body fat content, decreased aortic lipid deposition, and improved serum lipid profile. Controlled trials on the effects of CLA in humans have hitherto been scarce. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of supplementation with CLA in healthy humans on anthropometric and metabolic variables and on the fatty acid composition of serum lipids and thrombocytes. Fifty-three healthy men and women, aged 23-63 yr, were randomly assigned to supplementation with CLA (4.2 g/d) or the same amount of olive oil during 12 wk in a double-blind fashion. The proportion of body fat decreased (-3.8%, P < 0.001) in the CLA-treated group, with a significant difference from the control group (P = 0.050). Body weight, body mass index, and sagittal abdominal diameter were unchanged. There were no major differences between the groups in serum lipoproteins, nonesterified fatty acids, plasma insulin, blood glucose, or plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1). In the CLA group the proportions of stearic, docosatetraenoic, and docosapentaenoic acids increased in serum lipids and thrombocytes, while proportions of palmitic, oleic, and di-homo-gamma -linolenic acids decreased, causing a decrease of the estimated Delta -6 and Delta -9 and an increase in the Delta -5 desaturase activities. These results suggest that supplementation with CLA may reduce the proportion of body fat in humans and that CLA affects fatty acid metabolism. No effects on body weight, serum lipids, glucose metabolism, or PAI-1 were seen.
EFFECT OF ANTIOXIDANT-RICH FOODS ON PLASMA ASCORBIC-ACID, CARDIAC ENZYME, AND LIPID PEROXIDE LEVELS IN PATIENTS HOSPITALIZED WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; Objective To determine whether a fat- and energy-reduced diet rich in antioxidant vitamins C and E, beta carotene, and soluble dietary fiber reduces free-radical stress and cardiac enzyme level and increases plasma ascorbic acid level 1 week after acute myocardial infarction.
Synergistic Phytochemicals Fail to Protect Against Ovariectomy Induced Bone Loss in Rats; Menopause induces a loss of bone as a result of estrogen deficiency. Despite pharmaceutical options for the treatment of osteopenia and osteoporosis, many aging women use dietary supplements with estrogenic activity to prevent bone loss and other menopausal-related symptoms. Such supplements are yet to be tested for efficacy against a Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved medication for menopausal bone loss such as zoledronic acid (ZA). The postmenopausal rat model was used to investigate the efficacy of various synergistic phytochemical blends mixed into the diet for 16 weeks. Retired-breeder, Fischer 344 rats were randomly assigned to sham or ovariectomy surgery and 4 treatment groups: ZA; genistein supplementation; and a low dose and high dose blend of genistein, resveratrol, and quercetin. Ovariectomy resulted in a loss of both trabecular and cortical bone which was prevented with ZA. The phytochemical blends tested were unable to reverse these losses. Despite the lack of effectiveness in preventing bone loss, a significant dose-response trend was observed in the phytochemical-rich diets in bone adipocyte number compared to ovariectomized control rats. Data from this study indicate that estrogenic phytochemicals are not as efficacious as ZA in preventing menopausal-related bone loss but may have beneficial effects on bone marrow adiposity in rats.
Effect of dietary restrictions on growth performance and carcass quality of pigs selected for lean growth efficiency; Sixty-four pigs, 32 selected for lean growth efficiency and 32 controls selected randomly, were used to investigate the effect of genotype and realimentation diets on growth performance and carcass quality of pigs subjected to marginal dietary restrictions during the grower phase. When pigs weighed approximately 20 kg 16 pens containing two gilts and 16 pens containing two castrated males were randomly assigned within genetic lines to grower diets and finisher diets in a 2 X 2 X 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Grower diets contained 0.421 or 0.765 g lysine/MJ DE, whereas finisher diets contained 0.421 or 0.612 g lysine/MJ DE. Genotype had no effect on growth performance, but select line pigs had better carcass quality (P less than or equal to 0.05) and seemed to utilize amino acids more efficiently for growth than control line pigs as indicated by lower blood urea nitrogen (P less than or equal to 0.07). During the grower phase, pigs fed the high-amino acid grower diet grew faster and more efficiently (P < 0.01) and had less ultrasound backfat (P < 0.001) than those fed the low-amino acid diet. Although some grower X finisher diet interactions were observed, there was no indication that pigs subjected to early amino acid restrictions exhibited compensatory weight gain, or had different amino acid requirements in the subsequent phase. The rate of lean accretion was similar between pigs fed the low- and high-amino acid grower diets regardless of genotype, indicating that compensatory lean tissue growth may have occurred in pigs subjected to early amino acid restrictions. Furthermore, restricted pigs had better feed efficiency in the subsequent phase, which may have a positive impact on the environment by reducing the excretion of unutilized nutrients. Select line pigs fed the low-amino acid grower diet had lower overall weight gain compared with other groups (genotype X grower, P < 0.001). The results imply that pigs selected for lean growth efficiency may be less tolerant of early amino acid restrictions, and offering a grower diet containing adequate amino acids might be important in optimizing overall growth performance. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science BY All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary lysine level on the content and fatty acid composition of intramuscular fat in late-stage finishing pigs; This study was conducted to investigate how dietary lysine level affects the intramuscular fat (IMF) content and fatty acid (FA) composition in late-stage finishing pigs. Nine crossbred barrows [94.4 +/- 6.7 kg body weight (BW)] were randomly allotted to three treatment groups (n = 3). Three corn-and soybean-meal-based diets were formulated to meet the National Research Council (2012) requirements for various nutrients except for lysine, whose concentrations were 0.43%, 0.71%, and 0.98% (as-fed basis) for Diets 1 (lysine-deficient), 2 (lysineadequate), and 3 (lysine-excess), respectively. After 5 wk of ad libitum access to diets, pigs were harvested and longissimus dorsi samples were collected. The IMF content and FA composition of the samples were analyzed by gas chromatography. Results showed that the IMF content of the muscle was increased linearly (P < 0.05) with decreasing dietary lysine level from 0.98% to 0.43%. Dietary lysine level altered the composition of FA, especially the unsaturated FA, in the muscle. Particularly, the percentages of C18: 1 n-9 and total monounsaturated FA were higher, whereas the percentages of C18: 2 n-6 and total polyunsaturated FA were lower, in the muscle of the pigs fed Diet 1. Collectively, dietary lysine deficiency increased the proportion of monounsaturated FA and decreased the proportion of polyunsaturated FA, which may benefit pork palatability.
Effect of Rumen-Protected Glucose Supplementation on Feedlot Performance, Carcass Characteristics, and Meat Quality of Kamphaeng Saen Steers; This study aimed to determine the effects of dietary rumen -protected glucose (RPG) supple - mentation on feedlot steer performance, blood metabolite, carcass characteristics, and meat quality. Twelve Kamphaeng Saen steers were used with mean +/- standard deviation for age 27.9 +/- 6.9 months and initial body weight of 471 +/- 3.03 kg. Steers were randomly assigned to either a control diet (CON) or a diet supplemented with 200 g/head/d of RPG by top -dressing at each feeding daily (RPG). Both groups were fed the concentrate diet, consisting of 14% crude protein and using rice straw as a roughage source in a ratio of 75:25. After being fed for 120 d, the steers were slaughtered. The feedlot performance, ruminal fermentation, blood biochemical parameters, carcass characteristics, and meat quality were evaluated. The results showed that there were no significant differences in the dry matter intake, average daily gain, feed conversion ratio, gain feed ratio (G:F), blood metabolite, and carcass characteristics between the CON and RPG groups. The marbling score, fat and protein contents of the longissimus dorsi muscle of the steers fed the RPG diet were significantly (p<0.05) greater than those for the steers fed the CON diet. In addition, the cooking loss and shear force of the steers fed the RPG diet were significantly (p<0.05) lower than those for the steers fed the CON diet. These results indicated that rumen -protected glucose has the potential to improve the meat quality of Kamphaeng Saen steers.
Effect of dietary <i>Bacillus subtilis</i> on proportion of Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes in swine intestine and lipid metabolism; The ratio of Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes bacterial groups in the gut can affect the ability to absorb nutrients. We investigated the effect of probiotic Bacillus subtilis supplementation of diets on growth performance, fat deposition, blood lipids, copy numbers, and percentage of Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes in cecal contents, as well as mRNA expression of key lipid metabolism enzymes in the liver and adipose tissue of finishing pigs. Twenty-four Duroc x Meishan crossbreed 8-week-old pigs (10.28 +/- 0.59 kg) were randomly allocated to two dietary treatments: maize-soybean meal-based diets with B. subtilis (probiotic group) and without B. subtilis (control group). The probiotic diet led to a significant increase in the average daily gain and feed conversion ratio of pigs weighing 10 to 110 kg. The mean backfat depth was increased while leaf lard weights were decreased by probiotic supplementation. Ingestion of probiotics decreased the serum triglyceride and glucose concentrations, but did not change the levels of total cholesterol and free fatty acids in the serum. The mRNA expressions of fatty acid synthase (FAS) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase alpha (ACC alpha) in the liver were down-regulated by the dietary probiotic supplement. Conversely, the gene expressions of FAS and ACC alpha in the adipose tissue increased. The probiotic diet decreased the copy numbers and percentage of Bacteroidetes, while it increased the percentage of Firmicutes in the cecal contents. We conclude that the addition of B. subtilis improves growth performance and up-regulates lipid metabolism in subcutaneous fat of finishing pigs. We conclude that B. subtilis affects lipid metabolism through regulation of the proportion of Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes in the gut.
Fatty acid composition of cholesterol esters reflects dietary fat intake after dietary interventions in a multinational population; Background: The effects of different dietary fatty acids (FA) on cardiovascular risk still needs clarification. Plasma lipids composition may be a biomarker of FA dietary intake.Purpose: To evaluate in a composite population the relationships between changes in dietary fat intake and changes in FA levels in serum cholesterol esters.Methods: In a multinational, parallel-design, dietary intervention (KANWU study), dietary intakes (3-day food record) and FA composition of serum cholesterol esters (gas-liquid chromatography) were evaluated at baseline and after 3 months in 162 healthy individuals, randomly assigned to a diet containing a high proportion of saturated (SFA) or monounsaturated (MUFA) fat, with a second random assignment to fish oil or placebo supplements.Results: Main differences in serum lipid composition after the two diets included saturated (especially myristic, C14:0, and pentadecanoic, C15:0) and monounsaturated (oleic acid, C18:1 n-9) FA. C14:0 and C15:0 were related to SFA intake, while C18:1 n-9 was associated with MUFA intake. Fish oil supplementation induced a marked increase in eicosapentaenoic (C20:5 n-3) and docosahexaenoic (C22:6 n-3) acids. After the 3-month intervention, Delta-9 desaturase activity, calculated as palmitoleic acid/palmitic acid (C16:1/C16:0) ratio, was more reduced after the MUFA (0.31 +/- 0.10 vs 0.25 +/- 0.09, p < 0.0001) than SFA diet (0.31 +/- 0.09 vs 0.29 +/- 0.08, p = 0.006), with a statistically significant difference between the two groups (p < 0.0001).Conclusions: This study shows that serum cholesterol ester FA composition can be used during randomized controlled trials as an objective indicator of adherence to experimental diets based on saturated and monounsaturated fat modifications, as well as fish oil supplementation.(c) 2023 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intake of Calcium, Magnesium, and Phosphorus and Risk of Pancreatic Cancer in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial; Objective Few epidemiological studies have investigated the associations between calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus intake and pancreatic cancer. We examined these associations in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial. Methods Diet was assessed using the Dietary Questionnaire (DQX) at baseline in the intervention arm and the Dietary History Questionnaire (DHQ) in 1999 or around the third anniversary of randomization in both the intervention and control arms. During a median follow-up of 12.2 years, 279 cases of pancreatic cancer occurred from 58,477 participants who completed DQX; 380 cases arose from 101,622 participants who responded to DHQ over a median follow-up of 8.9 years. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results Total calcium intake was inversely associated with pancreatic cancer [HR (95% CI) for the fourth vs. the first quartiles in the DHQ cohort: 0.67 (0.47, 0.96); p-trend: 0.035]. An inverse association was also observed for total magnesium intake [HR (95% CI) for the fourth vs. the first quartiles in the DQX cohort: 0.61 (0.37, 1.00); p-trend: 0.023]. Reduced risk associated with total calcium intake was confined to subjects with a high fat intake (>73 g/day) in the DHQ cohort (p-interaction: 0.16). Conclusions There was not a significant association between dietary phosphorus intake and pancreatic cancer risk in both cohorts. Total intake of calcium and magnesium are associated with a lower pancreatic cancer risk. The effect of total calcium intake was modified by fat intake.
Dose-response of supplementing marine algae (<i>Schizochytrium</i> spp.) on production performance, fatty acid profiles, and wool parameters of growing lambs; Microalgae are the original source of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) in the marine food chain, and its inclusion in animal feeds has been considered as a means of increasing the DHA level in foods of animal origin. As such, this study aimed to investigate the effects of supplementing an algal meal, high in DHA derived from Schizochytrium spp. (DHA-G), in the diet of Canadian Arcott lambs, on growth, carcass characteristics, wool production, and fatty acid (FA) profiles of subcutaneous adipose tissues (SAT), perirenal adipose tissues (PAT), and skirt muscle (SM). Forty-four lambs were randomly assigned to dietary treatments. Diets consisted of a pelleted, barley-based finishing diet with DHA-G supplemented at 0, 1, 2, or 3% DM as a replacement for flax oil and barley grain. Feed deliveries and orts were recorded daily. Lambs were weighed weekly and slaughtered once they reached >= 45 kg live weight. Carcass characteristics, ruminal pH, and liver weights were determined at slaughter. Wool yield was determined on mid-side patches of 100 cm(2) shorn at d 0 and on the day before slaughter (d 105 or 140). Dye bands were used to determine wool growth, fiber diameter, and staple length. Adipose tissues and SM samples were taken at slaughter and analyzed for FA profiles. Data were analyzed using mixed procedure in SAS with orthogonal contrasts testing for linear, quadratic, or cubic responses to increasing levels of DHA-G. Daily DMI, ADG, and G:F were similar as were wool quality and yield (P > 0.05). Carcass characteristics were generally unaffected (P > 0.05), except for body wall thickness (mm), which showed a quadratic response (P = 0.01) with increasing DHA-G. The concentration of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-6; mg/100 g fresh tissue) linearly increased (P < 0.001) with DHA-G in both adipose tissues and responded quadratically in SM (P = 0.05). Similarly, DHA (mg/100 g fresh tissue) increased linearly (P < 0.01) with DHA-G in all tissue types (P < 0.001). Supplementing DHA-G decreased (P < 0.001) the n-6:n-3 ratio in all tissues. No effects (P >= 0.05) on PUFA or SFA were observed across the 3 tissues, with no response (P >= 0.10) in the SFA:PUFA ratio in either SM or SAT; however, the SFA:PUFA ratio linearly decreased in PAT (P = 0.01) as DHA-G increased. These results indicate that DHA-G can be successfully included in the diets of growing lambs, up to 3% DM, with the potential to improve carcass characteristics and the FA profile of adipose tissue and muscle.
Differing effects of forage and concentrate diets on the oleic acid and conjugated linoleic acid content of sheep tissues: The role of stearoyl-CoA desaturase; Feeding sheep concentrate-based diets increases the oleic acid content of their tissues, whereas the cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content is increased by feeding forage diets. Both these metabolic transformations could be attributable to increased activity of stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD). Therefore, the effect of forage or concentrate feeding regimens on the fatty acid composition of sheep tissues were investigated to determine whether any changes are related to an alteration of SCD mRNA levels. Twenty-four ewe lambs were randomly allotted to one of three dietary treatment groups: 1) dehydrated grass pellets, 2) concentrate diet fed to achieve a growth rate similar to that of the dehydrated grass pellets, and 3) the same concentrate diet approaching ad libitum intake. As expected, animals fed ad libitum concentrates grew at a greater (P = 0.001) rate (280 g/d) than those fed either of the other two diets (180 g/d), which were similar. In samples of liver and the three adipose tissue depots studied, the concentration of oleic acid from sheep fed either level of the concentrate diet was greater (P < 0.001) than from animals fed forage. This was associated with an increase (P < 0.05) in the ratio of SCD to acetyl-CoA carboxylase mRNA in adipose tissue and liver. Compared with concentrate-fed, the forage-fed lambs had increased (P < 0.05) levels of the cis-9, trans-11 isomer of CLA and C18:1, trans-11 in all their tissues, although the levels of SCD mRNA were lower. It therefore seems that the increased oleic acid content of sheep tissues in response to concentrate-rich diets is associated with an increase in SCD gene expression. By contrast, the increased concentration of CLA in animals fed forage-based diets is associated with an increase in substrate (C18:1 trans-11) availability.
A Natural Experiment Opportunity in Two Low-Income Urban Food Desert Communities: Research Design, Community Engagement Methods, and Baseline Results; A growing body of evidence has highlighted an association between a lack of access to nutritious, affordable food (e.g., through full-service grocery stores [FSGs]), poor diet, and increased risk for obesity. In response, there has been growing interest among policy makers in encouraging the siting of supermarkets in food deserts, that is, low-income geographic areas with low access to healthy food options. However, there is limited research to evaluate the impact of such efforts, and most studies to date have been cross-sectional. The Pittsburgh Hill/Homewood Research on Eating, Shopping, and Health (PHRESH) is a longitudinal quasi-experimental study of a dramatic change (i.e., a new FSG) in the food landscape of a low-income, predominantly Black neighborhood. The study is following a stratified random sample of households (n = 1,372), and all food venues (n = 60) in both intervention and control neighborhoods, and the most frequently reported food shopping venues outside both neighborhoods. This article describes the study design and community-based methodology, which focused simultaneously on the conduct of scientifically rigorous research and the development and maintenance of trust and buy-in from the involved neighborhoods. Early results have begun to define markers for success in creating a natural experiment, including strong community engagement. Baseline data show that the vast majority of residents already shop at a FSG and do not shop at the nearest one. Follow-up data collection will help determine whether and how a new FSG may change behaviors and may point to the need for additional interventions beyond new FSGs alone.
Lipid Catabolism in Starved Yak Is Inhibited by Intravenous Infusion of β-Hydroxybutyrate; Simple Summary Yak, which is the predominant and semi-domesticated livestock on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, suffers severe starvation and body weight reduction in the cold season because of the harsh highland environment. Lipids are important energy sources to starvation animals. beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) that is derived from lipid decomposition as the primary ketone body is with the function not only to provide energy for animals as energy materials, but also regulate lipid metabolism as signaling molecular. However, the effects of starvation and BHBA on lipid metabolism and its mechanism are still unclear for ruminant animals. Herein, we investigated the effects of starvation and intravenous infusion of BHBA solution on Yak growth, serum biochemistry, hormones, subcutaneous adipocyte morphology, fatty acid composition, activity of enzymes related to lipid metabolism, and signal pathway. The results showed that starvation promoted lipid catabolism and BHBA infusion up-regulated the mRNA expression of receptor GPR109A in subcutaneous adipose tissue, inhibited the Cyclic adenosine monophosphate(cAMP)/Protein kinase A (PKA)/cAMP-responsive element binding protein (CREB) signaling pathway, and inhibited lipolysis. Our study was beneficial for enriching the nutrition regulation theory of yaks and improving their growth potential.
Impact of Different Fecal Processing Methods on Assessments of Bacterial Diversity in the Human Intestine; The intestinal microbiota are integral to understanding the relationships between nutrition and health. Therefore, fecal sampling and processing protocols for meta-genomic surveys should be sufficiently robust, accurate, and reliable to identify the microorganisms present. We investigated the use of different fecal preparation methods on the bacterial community structures identified in human stools. Complete stools were collected from six healthy individuals and processed according to the following methods: (i) randomly sampled fresh stool, (ii) fresh stool homogenized in a blender for 2 min, (iii) randomly sampled frozen stool, and (iv) frozen stool homogenized in a blender for 2 min, or (v) homogenized in a pneumatic mixer for either 10, 20, or 30 min. High throughput DNA sequencing of the 16S rRNA V4 regions of bacterial community DNA extracted from the stools showed that the fecal microbiota remained distinct between individuals, independent of processing method. Moreover, the different stool preparation approaches did not alter intra-individual bacterial diversity. Distinctions were found at the level of individual taxa, however. Stools that were frozen and then homogenized tended to have higher proportions of Faecalibacterium, Streptococcus, and Bifidobacterium and decreased quantities of Oscillospira, Bacteroides, and Parabacteroides compared to stools that were collected in small quantities and not mixed prior to DNA extraction. These findings indicate that certain taxa are at particular risk for under or over sampling due to protocol differences. Importantly, homogenization by any method significantly reduced the intra-individual variation in bacteria detected per stool. Our results confirm the robustness of fecal homogenization for microbial analyses and underscore the value of collecting and mixing large stool sample quantities in human nutrition intervention studies.
Effects of chronic bubble tea administration on behavior and cognition in C57BL/6 mice; PurposeThere is a lack of rigorous experimental evidence to verify the effects of bubble tea on body weight and mental health, especially whether it is an addictive thing. Materials and methodsMale adult C57BL/6 mice were randomly assigned to two groups, including the bubble-tea and the control group. The change in their body weight was calculated. Behavior tests include novel object recognition test (NORT), elevated plus maze test (EPMT), forced swim test (FST), tail suspension test (TST), conditioned place preference (CPP). ResultsThere was a significant time effect on weight change of the two groups (F = 36.83, P < 0.01). The bubble tea-treated mice spent significantly less time in the open arms, indicating an increase in anxiety (t = 2.39, P = 0.03). In FST, bubble tea treatment produced a significantly increased immobility time (186.58 +/- 29.67 s) as compared to pure water treated group (112.50 +/- 46.67 s) (t = -3.79, P < 0.01). Similarly, the immobility time in the TST was also significantly increased by bubble tea treatment (437.63 +/- 27.72 s) compared to the treatment with pure water (340.24 +/- 77.22 s) (t = -3.36, P < 0.01). We investigated the rewarding effects of bubble tea, using the CPP paradigm, which measures the rewarding properties of abused drugs. Independent-samples t-test revealed no significant difference between the two groups (t = -0.47, P = 0.65). ConclusionIn conclusion, we showed that long-term administration of bubble tea could not induce addictive behavior in mice. Meanwhile, the long-term effects of bubble tea on weight were also very limited. However, long-term consumption of bubble tea can lead to anxiety and depression-like behaviors and impair cognitive function in mice.
THE EFFECT OF SEASON ON THE LEVEL OF THYROID-HORMONES AND INSULIN IN THE BLOOD-SERUM OF CALVES; The trials were effected on calves of the Holstein-Friesian breed.  45 calves were included in two groups on the random basis, namely 20 calves in the first group and 24 in the second one, at the age of two months, with the similar proportion of sex.  The first group was established in January and second one in June.  We evaluated the average levels of insulin, thyroxine (T4), triiodothyronine (T3) and the T3/T4 ratio between the two groups in the calves of the same age.  Further more the values between January (the 1st group) and June (the 2nd group) at the age of 2 months, between February (the 1st group) and July (the 2nd group) at the age of 3 months, between March (the 1st group) and August (the 2nd group) at the age of 4 months, between the end of March and beginning of April (March/April, the 1st group) and September (the 2nd group) at the age of 5 months, and between April (the 1st group) and October (the 2nd group) at the age of 6 months.
Prophylactic supplementation of microencapsulated<i> Boswellia</i><i> serrata</i> and probiotic bacteria in metabolic syndrome rats; Metabolic syndrome (MeS) is a major health problem associated with the high prevalence of obesity, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia. Boswellia serrata resin (BS) is an old remedy reputed by its rich antioxidant compounds. The present research aimed to assess the impact of microencapsulated BS if given in combination with probiotic bacteria (BAC) (Lactobacillus plantarum and Lactobacillus rhamnosus) which had anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities to control the metabolic disorders associated with MeS. Water extract of BS was prepared, total phenolic, total antioxidants and HPLC were analyzed. BS extract was microencapsulated by spray drier and the microcapsules were characterized. BAC were suspended in MRS, cultivated and microencapsulated by freeze drying. Rats were randomly assigned to 5 groups (8/gp). The 1st group was negative control receiving basic diet (C), the 2nd group was positive control fed on HFD, the 3rd group was fed on HFD + BS (400 mg/kg), the 4th group was fed on HFD + BAC (1 ml containing 1011 CFU), the 5th group was fed on HFD + BS + BAC. After 8 weeks animals were sacrificed, the collected serum was analyzed for different biochemical parameters. The body organs and body fat weights were estimated and histopathological and immunohistochemical exam-inations were evaluated. Results showed the ability of BS in controlling most of the parameters related to MeS and improvement of histopathology findings in organs.BS and BAC acted in synergy in this effect. In conclusion, microencapsulated BS or its combination with Probiotic bacteria may control MeS and both acted as symbiotic in augmenting the improvement of MeS intact model.
Influence of fish oil in finishing diets on growth performance, carcass characteristics, and sensory evaluation of cattle; Inclusion of fish oil, a source of n-3 fatty acids, in ruminant diets may fortify the fatty acid composition of meats and alter consumer perceptions of taste. Therefore, a 70-d study of 16 crossbred steers (441 +/- 31.7 kg of initial BW; 4 steers/pen; 2 pens/dietary treatment) consuming a high concentrate diet was conducted. Dietary treatments consisted of 1) control (75% corn, 11% soybean meal, and 10% cottonseed hull-based diet) and 2) the control diet with 3% fish oil replacing a portion of the corn. Steers were weighed on consecutive days at d 0 and 70 (i.e., the beginning and end of the trial), and interim weights were taken on d 28 and 56. On d 63, all steers were bled by jugular venipuncture to determine plasma fatty acid profiles. Steers were stratified by treatment and slaughtered on d 71 and 72. Fish oil supplementation decreased ADFI (13.97 vs. 11.49 kg; P < 0.01); however, it had no effect on ADG (P = 0.20) or G:F (P = 0.27). Fish oil supplementation increased (P < 0.01) the concentrations of MUFA, as well as linolenic and eicosapentaenoic acid in the plasma. Fish oil supplementation did not alter (P > 0.24) the color of the LM, LM area, yield grade, dressing percent, marbling, quality grade, or fat thickness. However, after extended (15 mo) storage at -20 degrees C, a professional descriptor panel discerned steaks from steers that had been supplemented with fish oil from a commercially available product or steaks from control steers. In summary, supplementation with fish oil decreased feed intake and subsequent HCW (P = 0.06) and had varying effects on sensory traits. Nevertheless, fish oil supplementation increased the proportions of n-3 fatty acids in the plasma, which may increase acceptability of the meat to the beef consumer.
Metabolic and endocrine profiles of primiparous beef cows grazing native grassland. 2. Effects of body condition score at calving, type of suckling restriction and flushing on plasmatic and productive parameters; The objective of the present experiment was to analyse the effect of body condition score (BCS) at calving, type of suckling restriction and flushing on metabolic and endocrine profiles, and productive and reproductive responses of primiparous beef cows grazing native grassland. Primiparous beef (n = 56) cows in anestrus classified by BCS at calving (low <= 3.5 and moderate >= 4; 1-8 visual scale) were assigned randomly to four treatments in a two by two factorial arrangement of type of suckling restriction and flushing. Type of suckling restriction started at 55 +/- 10 days postpartum (DPP +/- s.e.m.; Day 0 = initiation of the treatment) and consisted of applying nose plates to calves for 12 days (i.e. TS treatment) or 5 days of isolation of the cow-calf pair, followed by applying nose plates to calves for 7 days as calves were reunited with their mothers (i.e. IS treatment). Immediately after the suckling restriction treatments were finished, the breeding season started, and each cow received (flushing group) or not (control group) 2 kg/day (fresh basis) of whole-rice middling for 22 days. The BCS was superior in moderate-BCS cows through the experiment. The type of suckling restriction did not affect any plasma parameter, but insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) concentrations increased in all cows during suckling restriction. Cholesterol concentration was affected by flushing x day interaction (P < 0.05), while insulin and IGF-I concentrations were affected by the interaction among BCS at calving, flushing and days (P < 0.03). Flushing increased cholesterol concentration in both BCS groups at calving, while insulin and IGF-I concentrations increased during flushing only in moderate-BCS cows. Suckling restriction, flushing, and BCS at calving did not affect calf weight or milk production. Moderate BCS cows had a shorter postpartum anestrous interval (PPI) (98 vs 123 DPP; P < 0.01). Isolated type of suckling reduced postpartum anestrous interval when compared with TS treatment (97 vs 115 DPP, P < 0.05). Early pregnancy rate was greater in flushed than in control cows (0.8 vs 0.55, P < 0.01) and in moderate-BCS cows than in low-BCS cows (0.84 vs 0.46, P < 0.01). Total pregnancy rate was also greater in flushed and moderate cows and tended to be affected by the interaction between flushing and BCS at calving (P = 0.06; flushed cows: moderate = 1 vs low = 0.5, P < 0.08; and control cows: moderate = 0.8 vs low = 0.4, P < 0.09). These results confirmed the great value of suckling restriction and flushing during post-calving and relevance of BCS at calving as a link between energetic nutrition and metabolic and reproductive processes in primiparous beef cows grazing native grassland.
Nutrimiromics: Role of microRNAs and Nutrition in Modulating Inflammation and Chronic Diseases; Nutrimiromics studies the influence of the diet on the modification of gene expression due to epigenetic processes related to microRNAs (miRNAs), which may affect the risk for the development of chronic diseases. miRNAs are a class of non-coding endogenous RNA molecules that are usually involved in post-transcriptional gene silencing by inducing mRNA degradation or translational repression by binding to a target messenger RNA. They can be controlled by environmental and dietary factors, particularly by isolated nutrients or bioactive compounds, indicating that diet manipulation may hold promise as a therapeutic approach in modulating the risk of chronic diseases. This review summarizes the evidence regarding the influence of nutrients and bioactive compounds on the expression of miRNAs related to inflammation and chronic disease in several models (cell culture, animal models, and human trials).
Main nutrient patterns are associated with prospective weight change in adults from 10 European countries; Various food patterns have been associated with weight change in adults, but it is unknown which combinations of nutrients may account for such observations. We investigated associations between main nutrient patterns and prospective weight change in adults.
Probiotic Supplementation and Trimethylamine-<i>N</i>-Oxide Production Following a High-Fat Diet; Objective: The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that the multi-strain probiotic VSL#3 would attenuate the increase in fasting plasma concentrations of trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) following a high-fat diet.
EFFECT OF A HIGH-FAT DIET ON THE PERFORMANCE RESPONSE TO PORCINE SOMATOTROPIN (PST) IN FINISHING PIGS; One hundred sixty pigs were used in a 2 x 2 factorial design to compare the performance response to daily injection of porcine somatotropin (PST); (0 or 2 mg/d) in animals fed a 14% CP corn-soy diet (control, C) to those fed a diet with 10% added fat (F) and calorie:protein and lysine:protein ratios similar to that of the C diet.  Treatments, assigned randomly to 20 pens (n = 5/treatment) of eight pigs each, were initiated at 90 kg body weight and continued for 28 d.  Responses to PST and dietary fat were typical.  These include improved gain and feed efficiency and decreased feed intake.  The effects of dietary fat on intake and efficiency were accounted for largely by the difference in energy density of these diets.  Across diets, PST treatment resulted in a 13% improvement in ADG (P < .001), a 13% decrease in feed intake (P < .0001) and a 22% improvement in efficiency (P < .0001).  Of particular interest were the additive (PST x diet interaction, P < .2) effects of PST and dietary fat on gain in these animals.  Pigs treated with PST that were fed the F diet had greater rates of gain than did PST-treated pigs fed the C diet (P < .05).  Treatment with PST increased ADG by 9% in pigs consuming the C diet vs 16% in pigs fed the F diet.  Similarly, dietary fat resulted in 4 and 11% increases in ADG in pigs treated with 0 or 2 mg of PST/d.  The increased ADG associated with the PST-treated animals fed the F diet is an example of a nutritional manipulation that can be implemented to increase the value of PST.
Lactic-fermented egg white reduced serum cholesterol concentrations in mildly hypercholesterolemic Japanese men: a double-blind, parallel-arm design; Background: Lactic-fermented egg white (LE), produced by lactic acid fermentation of egg white, is an easy-toconsume form of egg white. Here we assessed the effect of daily consumption of LE for 8 weeks on serum total cholesterol (TC) levels.
Plasma alkylresorcinols C17:0/C21:0 ratio, a biomarker of relative whole-grain rye intake, is associated to insulin sensitivity: a randomized study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Few studies have used biomarkers of whole-grain intake to study its relation to glucose metabolism. We aimed to investigate the association between plasma alkylresorcinols (AR), a biomarker of whole-grain rye and wheat intake, and glucose metabolism in individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS).
No appetite efficacy of a commercial structured lipid emulsion in minimally processed drinks; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Fabuless (Olibra) is a commercially structured lipid emulsion, claimed to be a food ingredient that is effective for food intake and appetite reduction. The present study assessed its efficacy in a yoghurt-based mini-drink undergoing low or minimal food manufacturing (thermal and shear) processes.
High levels of whole raw soybean in diets for Nellore bulls in feedlot: effect on growth performance, carcass traits and meat quality; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of whole raw soybean (WRS) in the finishing diet of Nellore cattle on productive performance, carcass traits, meat quality, fatty acid profile of meat, and blood parameters. In a completely randomized design, 52 Nellore bulls (mean body weight +/- SD: 380 +/- 34 kg) were allotted for 84 days. The animals received the following diets with a forage: concentrate ratio of 40/60:(i) WRS0:control diet without soybean grains; (ii) WRS8: diet containing 8% WRS in dry matter basis; (iii) WRS16:diet containing 16% WRS, and (iv) WRS24: diet containing 24% WRS. At intervals of 28 days, the animals were weighed, muscle and adipose tissue was analysed by ultrasound, and blood samples were collected. The animals were slaughtered on day 85 and liver weight and hot carcass weight were measured during slaughter. The pH and carcass dressing were calculated at 24 h after slaughter. Longissimus dorsi muscle samples were collected for the determination of fatty acid profile of meat, ether extract, tenderness and sensory analysis of meat aged for 14 days. Blood cholesterol content increased linearly with increasing proportion of whole raw soybean grains. The diet did not affect performance or carcass attributes. The WRS8 had the highest shear force values. In fatty acid profile, C14:0 decreased (p = 0.05), whereas 16:1, 20:0 and 20:1 fatty acids increased linearly with increasing proportion of WRS (p < 0.05). However, concentration of conjugated linoleic acid cis 9, trans 11 and 17:0 increased with WRS24 and WRS16. In the sensory analysis, WRS24 was more tender with respect to the other treatments (p < 0.05). Finally, the inclusion of WRS in the finishing diet of feedlot Nellore bulls only evidenced little changes in fatty acid profile and tenderness, in animals fed diets containing 16 or 24% soybean.
ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Biomarkers and Coronary Heart Disease Pooling Project of 19 Cohort Studies; IMPORTANCE The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for primary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD) remains controversial. Most prior longitudinal studies evaluated self-reported consumption rather than biomarkers.
Nutrigenomic effect of conjugated linoleic acid on growth and meat quality indices of growing rabbit; Conjugated linoleic acid was detected in rabbit caecotrophs, due to the presence of microbial lipid activity in rabbit cecum. However, the effect of CLA as a functional food in growing rabbit is not well established. Therefore, this study was conducted to determine the effect of CLA on production, meat quality, and its nutrigenomic effect on edible parts of rabbit carcass including skeletal muscle, liver, and adipose tissue. Therefore, seventy five weaned V-Line male rabbits, 30 days old, were randomly allocated into three dietary treatments receiving either basal control diet, diet supplemented with 0.5% (CLAL), or 1% CLA (CLAH). Total experimental period (63 d) was segmented into 7 days adaptation and 56 days experimental period. Dietary supplementation of CLA did not alter growth performance, however, the fat percentage of longissimus lumborum muscle was decreased, with an increase in protein and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) percentage. Saturated fatty acids (SFA) and mono unsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) were not increased in CLA treated groups. There was tissue specific sensing of CLA, since subcutaneous adipose tissue gene expression of PPARA was downregulated, however, CPT1A tended to be upregulated in liver of CLAL group only (P = 0.09). In skeletal muscle, FASN and PPARG were upregulated in CLAH group only (P <= 0.01). Marked cytoplasmic vacuolation was noticed in liver of CLAH group without altering hepatocyte structure. Adipocyte size was decreased in CLA fed groups, in a dose dependent manner (P<0.01). Cell proliferation determined by PCNA was lower (P<0.01) in adipose tissue of CLA groups. Our data indicate that dietary supplementation of CLA (c9, t11-CLA and t10, c12 - CLA) at a dose of 0.5% in growing rabbit diet produce rabbit meat rich in PUFA and lower fat% without altering growth performance and hepatocyte structure.
Sex effects on net protein and energy requirements for growth of Saanen goats; Requirements for growth in the different sexes remain poorly quantified in goats. The objective of this study was to develop equations for estimating net protein (NPG) and net energy (NEG) for growth in Saanen goats of different sexes from 5 to 45 kg of body weight (BW). A data set from 7 comparative slaughter studies (238 individual records) of Saanen goats was used. Allometric equations were developed to determine body protein and energy contents in the empty BW (EBW) as dependent variables and EBW as the allometric predictor. Parameter estimates were obtained using a linearized (log-transformation) expression of the allometric equations using the MIXED procedure in SAS software (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC). The model included the random effect of the study and the fixed effects of sex (intact male, castrated male, and female; n = 94, 73, and 71, respectively), EBW, and their interactions. Net requirements for growth were estimated as the first partial derivative of the allometric equations with respect to EBW. Additionally, net requirements for growth were evaluated based on the degree of maturity. Monte Carlo techniques were used to estimate the uncertainty of the calculated net requirement values. Sex affected allometric relationships for protein and energy in Saanen goats. The allometric equation for protein content in the EBW of intact and castrated males was log(10) protein (g) = 2.221 (+/- 0.0224) + 1.015 (+/- 0.0165) x log(10) EBW (kg). For females, the relationship was log(10) protein (g) = 2.277 (+/- 0.0288) + 0.958 (+/- 0.0218) x log(10) EBW (kg). Therefore, NPG for males was greater than for females. The allometric equation for the energy content in the EBW of intact males was log(10) energy (kcal) = 2.988 (+/- 0.0323) + 1.240 (+/- 0.0238) x log(10) EBW (kg); of castrated males, log(10) energy (kcal) = 2.873 (+/- 0.0377) + 1.359 (+/- 0.0283) x log(10) EBW (kg); and of females, log(10) energy (kcal) = 2.820 (+/- 0.0377) + 1.442 (+/- 0.0281) x log(10) EBW (kg). The NEG of castrated males was greater than that of intact males and lower than that of females. Using degree of maturity for estimating NPG and NEG, we could remove the differences between sexes. These results indicate that NPG and NEG differ among sexes in growing Saanen goats, and this difference should be accounted for by feeding systems. Including the degree of maturity as predictor cancels out those differences across sexes in protein and energy requirements.
Effects of feeding system and CLA supplementation on animal, carcase and meat characteristics of fattened lambs and ewes; To promote local food products could be a valuable strategy for preserving autochthonous sheep breeds. A total of 115 lambs and ewes of local sheep breeds (Alpagota, Bogna, Foza and Lamon) of the Veneto region were used to evaluate the effect of different feeding systems on the production and quality of lambs and mutton meat. We carried out three fattening trials involving 24 ewes and their 31 suckling lambs, 24 weaned lambs, and 24 heavy lambs, fed indoor diets with or without a rumen-protected conjugated linoleic acids (rp-CLA) supplement (C18:2c9,t11 and C18:2t10,c12) to improve the nutritional value of the meat. Controls were a group of 12 pasture-fed weaned lambs. The weaned lambs at pasture had good fattening performances (33 kg live-weight at slaughter, 45% dressing percentage), whereas lambs fattened indoors on hay and some concentrates had lower weight (28 kg) and dressing percentages (41%), and require improvements to their feed. Feeding the animals on total mixed diets resulted in good in vivo and post mortem performances of culled ewes (64 kg slaughter weight, 48% dressing percentage), suckling lambs (21 kg, 50%) and heavy lambs (61 kg, 48%), showing that valuable supplies of lamb and mutton meat can be obtained across different seasons. Supplementing indoor diets with rp-CLA does not modify the animals' performances nor the organoleptic traits of meat.
Effects of Dietary Enrichment with Olive Cake on the Thyroid and Adrenocortical Responses in Growing Beef Calves; Simple Summary The persistent demands for better understanding of the relationship between endocrine adaptation, BW, and productive performances from the perspective of both farmers and the market values of the beef carcass underline that further research on this main topic may be of great interest. In intensive beef production systems, the increase in the prices of feed ingredients has led to changes in the feed formulations, and agri-food wastes can be valorised by incorporating them in diet formulations. In this context, the use of olive cake, a by-product of the olive oil industry, in the formulation of animal feed has been linked with positive effects on the quality of final products, but no previous studies have been conducted to evaluate the thyroid and adrenocortical response to a diet supplemented with olive cake in young growing Limousine beef calves. The present study reveals that the inclusion of olive cake at levels of 10% or 15% in grower/finisher beef diet formulations does not have a detrimental effect on maintaining the physiological thyroid and adrenocortical hormones' concentrations. Agro-industrial by-products incorporated into livestock feed formulations can positively impact feed costs and promote a circular bio-economy. Italy produces significant amounts of olive cake (OC), a by-product of olive oil extraction, with the potential for incorporation into bovine diets. However, information on its effects on endocrine responses in growing beef calves is lacking. Forty-eight Limousines randomly allocated to dietary treatment (control or 10%-OC or 15%-OC inclusion) were segregated according to sex and body weight. Serum concentrations of TSH, thyroid hormones, and cortisol were measured on day 0, day 56, and at the end of the trial on day 147. Circulating TSH, total (T-3, T-4) and free (fT(3), fT(4)) iodothyronines, and cortisol concentrations were all within the normal physiological ranges, with no significant effect imparted by diet. However, the diet x time interaction was significant for T-3. The cortisol, T-3, T-4, and fT(4) registered on day 147 were higher than those of day 56, and cortisol was higher in heifers than bulls. Final body weight was positively correlated with TSH and T-3 and negatively with cortisol concentration. These findings suggest that the inclusion of OC at levels up to 15% in growing/finishing beef diets had no adverse effects on the calves' thyroid and cortical status.
Early weaning has minimal effects on lifetime growth performance and body composition of pigs; Two hundred and forty pigs (120 entire boars and 120 gilts) were selected in three replicates of 40 boars and 40 gilts and housed in pens of 20 pigs of the same sex. Pigs were allocated to a 2 by 2 factorial experiment, with the respective factors being sex (entire male or female) and age at weaning (13 or 21 days). Pigs within each replicate were weaned on the same day, with the pigs' farrowing date differing by similar to 8 days for the two weaning ages. Pigs were offered ad libitum access to feed for the entire experimental period. Eight randomly selected pigs from each pen were tagged as focus animals. These animals underwent dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scanning six times from weaning through to slaughter to measure changes in body composition. The animals weaned at 13 days of age were lighter at weaning (4.68 +/- 1.16 and 6.84 +/- 1.34 kg, respectively, for the animals weaned at 13 and 21 days, P < 0.001). During the first 4 days after weaning pigs weaned at 21 days of age consumed more feed (72.1 v. 30.9 g/day, P<0.001) and gained faster (35.0 v. -63.0 g/day, P=0.042) than those weaned at 13 days. The pigs weaned at 13 days did, however, 'catch up' to be the same weight as those weaned at 21 days by 53 days of age (17.4 and 17.8 kg, respectively, P = 0.33). Daily gain from birth to 146 days of age did not differ across treatments (610, 597, 640, 657 g/day, respectively, for the gilts weaned at 13 days, gilts weaned at 21 days, boars weaned at 13 days and boars weaned at 21 days, P = 0.31). DXA analyses indicated that the animals weaned at 13 days had a greater percentage of lean tissue at 119 days of age (78.4 and 76.8%, respectively, P=0.039) although this was not maintained through to slaughter. There were no treatment effects on the percentage of adipose tissue from 90 to 146 days of age, although the DXA estimated adipose tissue mass was greater at 146 days of age in the animals weaned at 21 days (13.8 and 15.2 kg, respectively, for the animals weaned at 13 and 21 days of age, P = 0.023, s.e.d. 0.60). These data suggest that weaning age predominately influences growth immediately after weaning, and does not have a major influence on lifetime growth performance or body composition at commercial slaughter weights.
Causal relationship between diet and knee osteoarthritis: A Mendelian randomization analysis; Background Knee osteoarthritis (KOA) is a common disabling joint disease that affects millions of people worldwide. Diet may play a role in the etiology and progression of KOA, but evidence for a causal relationship is limited. We aimed to investigate the causal impact of dietary intake on KOA risk using Mendelian randomization (MR).Methods We used summary-level data from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) including dietary intake (n = 335, 394-462, 342), and KOA (n = 403, 124). We selected 6-77 genetic variants as instrumental variables for 18 dietary factors, including processed meat, poultry, beef, oily fish, non-oily fish, pork, lamb, frequency of alcohol intake, alcoholic beverages, tea, coffee, dried fruit, cereals, cheese, bread, cooked vegetables, salad/raw vegetables, and fresh fruit. We performed univariate and multivariate MR analyses to estimate the causal effect of each dietary factor on KOA risk. We also performed some sensitivity analyses to assess the validity of the MR hypothesis.Results We found that higher coffee intake was associated with increased KOA risk, whereas higher intake of dried fruits, grains, cheese, and oily fish was associated with reduced KOA risk. After multivariate adjustment, we found that coffee and oily fish intake may affect KOA through obesity, body mass index (BMI), diabetes, hypertension, and prolonged standing. Sensitivity analyses did not reveal any evidence of pleiotropy.Conclusions Our study provides new causal evidence that dietary intake may influence KOA risk. Specifically, we suggest that increased intake of dried fruits, grains, cheese, and oily fish and decreased coffee intake may be beneficial in preventing and mitigating KOA. further studies are needed to elucidate the underlying mechanisms and to confirm our findings in different populations.
Swiss Cheese Striatum Clinical Implications; IMPORTANCE Markedly enlarged Virchow-Robin spaces throughout the striatum appear occasionally on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans of the elderly, and this type of striatum is known as the Swiss cheese striatum (SCS); however, its clinical impact is unknown.
Eating what you like induces a stronger decrease of 'wanting' to eat; Human eating behavior may be influenced non-homeostatically by the rewarding value of foods, i.e. 'liking' (pleasure/palatability) and 'wanting' (incentive motivation). The objectives of this study were to validate a computer test for assessment of rewarding value of food. and to assess how rewarding value of food is affected by eating a dessert-specific (chocolate mousse, CM) vs. dessert non-specific, neutral food item (cottage cheese. CC). Seventy-three subjects (47f/26m, age 27.8 +/- 10.0 y, BMI 24.1 +/- 3.3 kg/m(2)), studied in a randomized cross-over design, came to the university twice, fasted. A computer test was developed to determine rewarding value, i.e. 'liking' and 'wanting'. for 72 items divided in six categories (bread, filling, drinks, dessert, sweets, stationery). 'Liking' was measured by indicating relative preference of paired items (within/between categories), 'wanting' by working to earn items to choose from. Subjects completed the computer test before and after consumption of CM/CC, matched for energy content (5.6 kJ/g) and daily energy requirements (10%). 'Liking' and 'wanting' scores of all fasted subjects on the two test-days showed 62-73% reproducibility. CM was liked more than CC (p<0.001). Consumption of CM decreased 'wanting' for bread, filling, drinks and dessert (p<0.03). Consumption of CC decreased 'wanting' for bread only (p<0.05). Contrary to CC, CM decreased relative 'liking' for the dessert category (p<0.001). In conclusion. the computer test for measurement of 'liking' and 'wanting' is sufficiently valid. Eating a highly liked food item induces a more distinct decrease in 'wanting' for food items in general and category-specific 'liking', than eating a sufficiently liked neutral food item. (c) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Controlling energetic intake based on a novel logistic regression model for the metabolic syndrome in a Chinese population; The present study was designed to develop a novel method of energy calculation for controlling energetic intake in patients with the metabolic syndrome. Demographics and dietary data were recorded for 2582 obese subjects. Nutritional education was applied to all the patients. One year later, the data on age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI in subjects who lost >= 5% body weight were entered into a multivariate logistic regression analysis model. Energy requirement was calculated from the results of multivariate logistic regression. Four hundred and thirty-four metabolic syndrome patients were then randomly divided into the treated group (216) and the control group (218). The energetic intake in the experimental group was controlled based on the new energy requirement model. The traditional energy exchange method was used in the control group. The independent factors predicting metabolic syndrome prognosis, such as age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI, were identified by multivariate logistic regression analysis. The energy requirement model was then constructed by logistic regression analysis. After 6 months of energetic intake control based on the new model, the parameters of the experimental group were significantly different from those of the controls (all P<0.05): waistline, 89.65 (SD 5.54) v. 91.97 (SD 4.78) cm; BMI, 24.67 (SD 3.54) v. 25.87 (SD 2.65) kg/m(2); fasting blood glucose, 6.9 (SD 3.6) v. 8.7 (SD 4.6) mmol/l; 2 h PG, 8.7 (SD 5.7) v. 10.7 (SD 4.5) mmol/l; HbA(1)c, 7.7 (SD 1.6) v. 8.9 (SD 2.6) %; homoeostasis model insulin resistance index, 3.14 (SD 1.62) v. 4.32 (SD 2.25). The new energy requirement model can effectively improve the clinical outcomes of controlling energetic intake in metabolic syndrome patients.
A whey protein supplement decreases post-prandial glycemia; Background: Incidence of diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance are associated with high glycemic load diets. Identifying food components that decrease post-prandial glycemia may be beneficial for developing low glycemic foods and supplements. This study explores the glycemic impact of adding escalating doses of a glycemic index lowering peptide fraction (GILP) from whey to a glucose drink.
Bovine muscle n-3 fatty acid content is increased with flaxseed feeding; We examined the ability of n-3 FA in flaxseed-supplemented rations to increase the n-3 FA content of bovine muscle. Two groups of animals were used in each of two separate trials: (i) Hereford steers supplemented (or not) with ground flaxseed (907 g/d) for 71 cl, and (ii) Angus steers supplemented (or not) with ground flaxseed (454 g/d for 3 d followed by 907 g/d for 110 d). For the Hereford group, flaxseed-supplemented rations increased 18:3n-3 (4.0-fold), 20:5n-3 (1.4-fold), and 22:5n-3 (1.3-fold) mass as compared with the control, and increased total n-3 mass about 1.7-fold. When these data were expressed as mol%, the increase in 18:3n-3 was 3.3-fold and in 20:5n-3 was 1.3-fold in the phospholipid fraction, and I 8:3n-3 was increased 4-fold in the neutral lipid fraction. For the Angus group, flaxseed ingestion increased masses and composition of n-3 FA similarly to that for the Here-fords and doubled the total n-3 FA mass. The effect of cooking to a common degree of doneness on FA composition was determined using steaks from a third group of cattle, which were Angus steers. We demonstrated no adverse effects on FA composition by grilling steaks to an internal temperature of 64 degrees C. Because n-3 FA may affect gene expression, we used quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction to quantify the effect of feeding flaxseed on heart-FA binding protein, peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) and alpha (PPAR alpha) gene expression in the muscle tissue. PPAR gamma mRNA level was increased 2.7-fold in the flaxseed-fed Angus steers compared with the control. Thus, we demonstrate a significant increase in n-3 FA levels in bovine muscle from cattle fed rations supplemented with flaxseed and increased expression of genes that regulate lipid metabolism.
Effect of diet on the deposition of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids, conjugated linoleic and C18:1<i>trans</i> fatty acid isomers in muscle lipids of German Holstein bulls; This study examined the effects of feeding diets rich in either n-3 or n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on the fatty acid composition of longissimus muscle in beef bulls. Thirty-three German Holstein bulls were randomly allocated to either an indoor concentrate system or periods of pasture feeding (160 days) followed by a finishing period on a concentrate containing linseed to enhance the contents of n-3 PUFA and conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) in beef muscle. The relative proportion and concentration (mg/100 g fresh muscle) of n-3 fatty acids in the phospholipid and triglyceride fractions were significantly increased (p less than or equal to 0.05) in muscle lipids of pasture-fed bulls. The pasture feeding affected the distribution of individual CLA isomers in the muscle lipids. The proportion of the most prominent isomer, CLA cis-9,trans-11, was decreased from 73.5 to 65.0% of total CLA in bulls fed on concentrate as compared to pasture. The second most abundant CLA isomers were CLA trans-7,cis-9 and CLA trans-11,cis-13 in bulls fed on concentrate and pasture, respectively. Diet had no effect on the concentration of C18:1 trans-11. In contrast, the concentration of the C18:1 trans-13/14, trans-15, and trans-16 isomers in the muscle lipids was up to two times higher in pasture-fed as compared to concentrate-fed bulls. Pasture feeding enhanced the concentration of n-3 fatty acids, but the diet had no effect on the concentration of CLA cis-9,trans-11.
Effects of PMSG dosage on estrus and gestation rate in beef cows treated with Syncro-Mate-B implants; The effects of Pregnant Mare Serum Gonadotropin (PMSG) were measured on synchronization (%) of estrus (PSE), interval (h) to estrus (HE), gestation rate to the first (CPS) or to the second estrus (CSS) and on the interval to the second estrus, on beef cows treated with Syncro-Mate-B implants (SMB). The study was conducted at Los Herrera ranch, located at Aldama, Tamaulipas, with Zebu (n=74), Brown Swiss x Zebu (n=97) and Charolais x Zebu (n=81) cows. All cows were first treated with SMB implants for 9 d. Later, four treatments in a complete randomized design, were assigned: 1) Control (n=68); 2) n=61; 3) n=66; 4) n=57 cows, treated with none, 125,250 or 500 IU of PMSG. All cows were rectally palpated to determine ovarian status (CO), presence of small (<5 nun, FP), medium (>5 mm, FM) follicles or corpus luteum (CL). Body condition scores (CC) of cows were also recorded, (1=emaciated; 9=obese), as well as physiological status (TV): heifers (VQ), nursing (VQ or dry (VS) cows. After SMB removal, cows were checked for signs of estrus for 48 h and bred by artificial insemination 10 to 14 h after the initial signs of estrus were observed. Data were analyzed by the GLM procedure of SAS and Ji-square tests. The PSE observed were 72, 69, 67 and 75%, for treatments 1, 2, 3 and 4. The PSE by TV were 66,71 and 83% for VC, VS and VQ. Cows with CL showed the lowest (p<0.05) PSE (57%) as compared to the FP ones (80%). The breed of cow affected (p<0.05) the PSE: 82, 70 and 63 % for ChC, C and PSC cows. PMSG dose did not affect (p>0.05) the HE: 23 h for treatments 1, 2 and 3; 34 h for treatment 4. HE was not affected (p>0.05) by CC, TV or CO. CPS were 44, 38, 39 and 37 %, for treatments 1, 2, 3 and 4. Cows with CC 4 and 7 showed the lowest (p<0.05) CPS (36 and 37%), compared to cows with CC 5 and 6 (39 and 45 %). CSS was not affected (p>0.05) by PMSG dose: 67,50,64 and 74% for treatments 19 2,3 and 4. Cows with CC 5 showed the greatest CSS (74%). TV affected (p<0.05) the CSS: 68, 65 and 29% for VC, VS and VQ. CO also affected (p<0.05) the CSS: 40,64 and 65%, for cows with CL, FM and FP. Breed of cows did not affect the CSS. Treatment with PMSG resulted in longer intervals to second estrus (p<0.05): 21, 28, 29 and 38 days, for treatments 1, 2, 3 and 4. It is concluded that the use of PMSG does not modify estrus synchronization or gestation rates in beef cows treated with SMB. However, PMSG increased intervals to second estrus.
Epidemiology of Uterine Myomas: A Review; Myomas are the most common benign tumors of the genital organs in women of childbearing age, causing significant morbidity and impairing their quality of life. In our investigation, we have reviewed the epidemiological data related to the development of myomas in order to homogenize the current data. Therefore, a MEDLINE and PubMed search, for the years 1990-2013, was conducted using a combination of keywords, such as "myoma," "leiomyoma," "fibroids," "myomectomy," "lifestyle," "cigarette," "alcohol," "vitamins," "diet," and "hysterectomy". Randomized controlled studies were selected based upon the authors' estimation. Peer-reviewed articles examining myomas were sorted by their relevance and included in this research. Additional articles were also identified from the references of the retrieved papers and included according to authors' estimation.
Carbon Isotope Ratios of Plasma and RBC Fatty Acids Identify Meat Consumers in a 12-Week Inpatient Feeding Study of 32 Men; Background: Molecular stable isotope ratios are a novel type of dietary biomarker with high sensitivity and specificity for certain foods. Among these, fatty acid carbon isotope ratios (CIRs) have strong potential but have not been investigated as dietary biomarkers.
Dietary calcium intake and hypertension risk: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; The association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension in the general population has not been established yet. We systematically searched PubMed and Scopus databases up to February 2018 to find prospective observational studies investigating the association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension. The reported risk estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Eight prospective cohort studies (248,398 participants and 30,838 cases) were included. Seven studies measured dietary calcium intake, but one study measured total calcium intake (calcium from food and supplements). A significant inverse association was found for the highest versus lowest category of calcium intake (relative risk: 0.89, 95%CI: 0.86, 0.93; I-2 = 0%, n = 8), and for each 500 mg/d increment (relative risk: 0.93, 95%CI: 0.90, 0.97; I-2 = 64%, n = 7). Summary results were the same with the main analyses when the analyses were restricted only to dietary calcium intake. A nonlinear dose-response meta-analysis exhibited a linear inverse association, with a somewhat steeper trend within the low and moderate intakes. In conclusion, higher dietary calcium intake, independent of adiposity and intake of other blood pressure-related minerals, is slightly associated with a lower risk of developing hypertension.
Zinc Methionine Supplementation Impacts Gene and Protein Expression in Calf-Fed Holstein Steers with Minimal Impact on Feedlot Performance; Providing cattle a more bioavailable zinc (Zn) source prior to administering a beta adrenergic agonist (beta AA) may enhance the metabolic pool of primary nutrients that will influence the magnitude of the beta AA response. Calf-fed Holstein steers were supplemented with a Zn methionine supplement (ZnMet; ZINPRO(A (R)); Zinpro Corporation, Eden Prairie, MN) for 115 A +/- 5 days prior to harvest along with zilpaterol hydrochloride (ZH; Zilmax(A (R)); Merck Animal Health, Summit, NJ) for the last 20 days with a 3-day withdrawal to evaluate the effects on growth and carcass performance together with gene and protein expression of skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and fatty acid composition of polar and neutral lipid depots. Steers (n = 1296; initial weight = 468.5 A +/- 0.5 kg) were sorted by weight, blocked by harvest date, and randomly assigned to pens (n = 12) and treatments: control (90 ppm Zn from ZnSO4) and ZnMet (Control plus 720 mg Zn from ZnMet/hd/d). There were no differences (P > 0.05) in growth performance or carcass characteristics. The ZnMet-fed cattle had reduced (P < 0.05) abundance of myosin heavy chain (MHC)-IIX, beta 1-adrenergic receptor (beta AR), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, and stearoyl-CoA desaturase mRNA in skeletal muscle tissue. The ZnMet cattle had greater (P < 0.05) abundance of MHC-II protein, increased MHC-IIA and IIX cross-sectional areas (P < 0.05), an increased percentage of MHC-I fibers (P < 0.05), and a decreased percentage of MHC-IIX fibers (P < 0.05). The combination of ZnMet and ZH had positive biological effects on musculoskeletal tissue; however, these molecular effects were not significant enough to impact overall feedlot and carcass performance.
Effect of Intravenous Vitamin C and N Acetylcysteine on Postoperative Pain and Opioid Consumption after Laparoscopic Gynaecologic Oncosurgeries: A Randomised Controlled Study; Introduction: Postoperative pain is one of the common causes of increased postoperative morbidity and delayed recovery. Pain causes adverse effects such as hypertension, tachycardia, myocardial ischaemia, decreased alveolar ventilation, poor wound healing, and postoperative morbidity. Vitamin C and N-acetylcysteine (NAC), which is a novel co -analgesic, are being studied to reduce postoperative pain and opioid consumption. Aim: To study the effect of intravenous Vitamin C and NAC on postoperative surgical pain and opioid consumption after laparoscopic gynaecologic oncosurgeries. Materials and Methods: The present study was a randomised controlled study conducted at the Department of Anaesthesiology, Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India on 300 patients of American Society of Anaesthesiologists (ASA) physical status 1 and 2 scheduled for laparoscopic Gynaeconcology surgery after obtaining written informed consent. All the selected patients were randomly allocated into three groups. Group P was the control group in Group N patients received intravenous injections of NAC (50 mg/kg) and vitamin C infusion (50 mg/kg) in Group C. Patients were explained about the visual analogue pain scale preoperatively. In the postoperative period, VAS scores were recorded and noted along with the rescue analgesics received and side -effects. Results: Haemodynamic variables were comparable among all three groups. The number of patients who had VAS scores of more than 4 was lower in group C (Vitamin C) at various time intervals when compared to the NAC and placebo groups. It was also statistically significant at 45 minutes, 60 minutes, 90 minutes, 150 minutes, 180 minutes, 300 minutes, and 10 hours (p-value=0.014, <0.001, <0.001, <0.001, 0.003, 0.005, 0.006, respectively). Postoperative opioid consumption was significantly reduced in group C (Vitamin C) compared to the other two groups (p-value<0.001). Conclusion: Intraoperative Vitamin C usage reduced postoperative pain and fentanyl consumption in the postoperative period, and NAC can be used as a part of multimodal analgesia.
Programming by early nutrition: An experimental approach; That events during critical or sensitive periods of development may "program" long-term or lifetime structure or function of the organism is well recognized. Evidence for programming by nutrition is established in animals, in whom brief pre-or postnatal nutritional manipulations may program adult size, metabolism, blood lipids, diabetes, blood pressure, obesity, atherosclerosis, learning, behavior and life span. Human epidemiological data link potential markers of early nutrition (size at birth or in infancy) to cardiovascular disease and its risk factors in adulthood. However, these retrospective data cannot prove nutritional cause or underpin health policies. After 16 y, however, of ethical, randomized intervention studies of early nutrition in humans with long-term follow-up to test experimentally the nutritional programming hypothesis, we find that humans, like other species, have sensitive windows for nutrition in terms of later outcomes; for instance, perinatal diet influences neurodevelopment and bone mineralization into mid-childhood. Possible biological mechanisms for storing throughout life the "memory" of early nutritional experience and its expression in adulthood include adaptive changes in gene expression, preferential clonal selection of adapted cells in programmed tissues and programmed differential proliferation of tissue cell types. Animal and human evidence supporting nutritional programming has major potential biological and medical significance.
Effects of Omega-3 fatty acid supplement and feeding frequency on insulin sensitivity and carcass characteristics in Mahabadi goat kids; This study was conducted to investigate the potential effects of different fat sources including fish oil (FO; n-3 fatty acids source) and palm oil (PO; C16:0 source) in combination with different feeding frequency (FF) on performance, glucose metabolism and carcass characteristics of Mahabadi goat kids. Twenty eight Mahabadi goat kids were used in a factorial design with 4 treatments including 2 types of fat supplement (calcium salt of FO versus PO) and 2 F F (2 or 4 times a day). The experiment lasted for 90 days. Daily dry matter intake was recorded throughout the experiment and body weight was measured every 21 days. The glucose tolerance test was conducted in day 70 of the experiment on 5 randomly selected goat kids from each treatments. The goat kids were slaughtered at the end of period for measurement of carcass characteristics. Inclusion of FO in diet alongside with feeding frequency of 2 caused a significant enhancement in visceral fat content (P < 0.05). Supplementation of FO in the diet (P < 0.01) and increasing the FF (P < 0.05) significantly increased glucose clearance rate. The results of the current study demonstrate that FO supplementation with FF of 4 times a day can enhance insulin sensitivity and the enhancement in FF can be used to prevent fat accumulation in visceral adipose depots as a consequence of higher insulin sensitivity caused FO supplementation.
Artificial insemination at 56 h after intravaginal progesterone device removal improved AI pregnancy rate in beef heifers synchronized with five-day CO-Synch plus controlled internal drug release (CIDR) protocol; The objective was to determine whether timed artificial insemination (TAI) 56 h after removal of a Controlled Internal Drug Release (CIDR, 1.38 g of progesterone) insert would improve AI pregnancy rate in beef heifers compared to TAI 72 h after CIDR insert removal in a 5-days CO-Synch + CIDR protocol. Angus cross beef heifers (n = 1098) at nine locations [WA (5 locations; n = 634), ID (2 locations; n = 211), VA (one location; n = 193) and WY (one location; n = 60)] were included in this study. All heifers were given a body condition score (BCS; 1-emaciated; 9-obese), and received a CIDR insert and 100 mu g of gonadorelin hydrochloride (GnRH) on Day 0. The CIDR insert was removed and two doses of 25 mg of dinoprost (PGF(2 alpha)) were given, first dose at CIDR insert removal and second dose 6 h later, on Day 5. A subset of heifers (n = 629) received an estrus detector aid at CIDR removal. After CIDR removal, heifers were observed thrice daily for estrus and estrus detector aid status until they were inseminated. Within farm, heifers were randomly allocated to two groups and were inseminated either at 56 h (n = 554) or at 72 h (n = 544) after CIDR removal. All heifers were given 100 mu g of GnRH at AI. Insemination 56 h after CIDR insert removal improved AI pregnancy rate compared to insemination 72 h (66.2 vs. 55.9%; P < 0.001; 1 - beta = 0.94). Locations, BCS categories (<= 6 vs. > 6) and location by treatment and BCS by treatment interactions did not influence AI pregnancy rate (P > 0.1). The AI pregnancy rates for heifers with BCS <= 6 and > 6 were 61.8 and 60.1%, respectively (P > 0.1). The AI pregnancy rates among locations varied from 54.9 to 69.2% (P > 0.1). The AI pregnancy rate for heifers observed in estrus at or before AI was not different compared to heifers not observed in estrus [(65.4% (302/462) vs. 52.7% (88/167); P > 0.05)]. In conclusion, heifers inseminated 56 h after CIDR insert removal in a 5-days CO-Synch + CIDR protocol had, on average, 10.3% higher AI pregnancy rate compared to heifers inseminated 72 h after CIDR insert removal. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary levels of vitamin E (all-<i>rac</i>-tocopheryl acetate) with or without added fat on weanling pig performance and tissue α-tocopherol concentration; Two experiments involving 496 crossbred pigs evaluated the efficacy of various dietary levels of vitamin E, with or without supplemental fat, on post-weaning pig performance and weekly serum and terminal tissue alpha-tocopherol concentrations. The first trial involved 248 pigs weaned at an average of 15 d of age and 4.8 kg BW. The experiment was a randomized complete block design conducted in seven replicates. Vitamin E was added as dl-alpha-tocopheryl acetate at 0, 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 150, or 200 IU/kg diet. Pigs were bled initially and at 7-d intervals for a 42-d period. Liver and s.c. adipose tissue samples were collected from six pigs per treatment group at 42 d. In Exp. 2, a 2 x 4 factorial arrangement of treatments in a randomized complete block design was conducted in seven replicates. The experiment used a total of 248 pigs weaned at 19 d of age and averaged 6.4 kg BW. Four vitamin E levels (0, 20, 40, and 60 IU/kg diet) and two added fat levels of 0 or 5% were fed for 35 d. Four pigs per treatment pen were bled weekly, and at 35 d a total of four pigs per treatment group were killed and liver, heart, and s.c. adipose tissues were collected and analyzed for alpha-tocopherol. The basal diet in both experiments contained an average 7.9 IU for period 1, and later diets averaged 11.0 IU vitamin E/kg. In both experiments serum a-tocopherol concentrations declined from weaning to 7 d after weaning and continued to decline each week after weaning when the basal diets were fed. Serum alpha-tocopherol concentrations increased (P < 0.01) each week as the dietary vitamin E level increased in both experiments. In Exp. 2, when fat was added to the diet serum alpha-tocopherol concentrations were higher (P < 0.01) than in diets without added fat. Liver, heart muscle, and adipose tissue a-tocopherol concentrations increased (P < 0.01) as vitamin E level increased, but at the higher dietary vitamin E level the liver surpassed the adipose tissue in its alpha-tocopherol concentration. Liver and adipose alpha-tocopherol concentrations were higher (P < 0.01) when fat was added to the diet. These results indicate that supplementation of 40 to 60 IU/kg diet with added fat resulted in a relatively constant balance of serum and tissue concentration of alpha-tocopherol during the nursery period, but when fat was not supplemented a dietary vitamin E level of 80 to 100 IU/kg diet may be needed. The current NRC recommendations for vitamin E for the pig from 5 to 20 kg BW may need to be reevaluated.
Silymarin alleviates hepatic oxidative stress and protects against metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-fed mice; Silymarin is a potent antioxidant medicine and has been widely used for the treatment of liver diseases over 30 years. Recent studies suggest that silymarin may benefit patients with glucose intolerance. However, the mechanism underlying the action of silymarin is not clarified. The aim of this work was to assess the impact of silymarin on glucose intolerance in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice, and explore the potential therapeutic mechanisms. C57BL/6 mice were fed with HFD for 12 weeks, randomized, and treated orally with vehicle saline or silymarin (30mg/kg) daily for 30 days. We found that silymarin significantly improved HFD-induced body weight gain, glucose intolerance, and insulin resistance in mice. Silymarin treatment reduced HFD-increased oxidative stress indicators (reactive oxygen species, lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation) and restored HFD-down-regulated activities of antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase) in the plasma and/or liver of the HFD-fed mice. Furthermore, silymarin decreased HFD-up-regulated hepatic NADPH oxidase expression and NF-kappa B activation in mice. Additionally, silymarin treatment mitigated HFD-increased plasma IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha levels, and HFD-enhanced hepatic NO, TLR4, and iNOS expression in mice. These novel data indicate that silymarin has potent anti-diabetic actions through alleviating oxidative stress and inflammatory response, partially by inhibiting hepatic NADPH oxidase expression and the NF-kappa B signaling.
Effect of extruded cotton and canola seed on unsaturated fatty acid composition in the plasma, erythrocytes and livers of lambs; An experiment was conducted to study the effects of extruded cotton seed (ECOS) and canola seed (ECAS) in the diet of male Mehraban lambs on the concentration of unsaturated fatty acids in their plasma, erythrocytes and livers. The treatments were: (1) control (C); (2) diet C+6% ECAS, (3) diet C+6% ECOS, (4) diet C+12% ECAS, (5) diet C+12% ECOS, (6) diet C+6% ECAS+6% ECOS, (7) diet C+12% ECAS +6% ECOS, (8) diet C+6% ECAS +12% ECOS, (9) diet C+12% ECAS+12% ECOS, (10) diet C+18% ECAS+18% ECOS. A complete randomized experimental design was applied. Sixty lambs (5 - 6 months of age) were randomly allocated to the 10 dietary treatments in order to have six lambs (replicates) per diet. The lambs were housed in individual pens. The average weight of lambs at the onset of the study was 34.3 +/- 2.12 kg. The experiment lasted for 90 days. Results indicated that the concentration of oleic acid (C18:1), linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6) and linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3) in the plasma and oleic acid and linolenic acid in erythrocyte lipids were higher in lambs fed diets containing oil seeds or a combination of the oil seeds compared to those receiving the control diet. The supplementation of 6% and 12% ECAS increased the linoleic acid concentration in the liver lipids significantly compared to those fed the diets containing ECOS. There was a linear correlation between linoleic acid content of the liver and levels of dietary ECAS and ECOS. This study provides evidence that dietary oleic acid, linoleic acid and linolenic acid might escape biohydrogenation in the rumen and showed that the type of dietary fat has a marked impact on lipid metabolism in the liver.
Effect of changing the proportion of C16:0 and cis-9 C18:1 in fat supplements on rumen fermentation, glucose and lipid metabolism, antioxidation capacity, and visceral fatty acid profile in finishing Angus bulls; This study evaluated the effects of different proportions of palmitic (C16:0) and oleic (cis-9 C18:1) acids in fat supplements on rumen fermentation, glucose (GLU) and lipid metabolism, antioxidant function, and visceral fat fatty acid (FA) composition in Angus bulls. The design of the experiment was a randomized block design with 3 treatments of 10 animals each. A total of 30 finishing Angus bulls (21 +/- 0.5 months) with an initial body weight of 626 +/- 69 kg were blocked by weight into 10 blocks, with 3 bulls per block. The bulls in each block were randomly assigned to one of three experimental diets: (1) control diet without additional fat (CON), (2) CON + 2.5% palmitic calcium salt (PA; 90% C16:0), (3) CON + 2.5% mixed FA calcium salts (MA; 60% C16:0 + 30% cis-9 C18:1). Both fat supplements increased C18:0 and cis9 C18:1 in visceral fat (P < 0.05) and up-regulated the expression of liver FA transport protein 5 (FATP5; P < 0.001). PA increased the insulin concentration (P < 0.001) and aspartate aminotransferase activity (AST; P = 0.030) in bull's blood while reducing the GLU concentration (P = 0.009). PA increased the content of triglycerides (TG; P = 0.014) in the liver, the content of the C16:0 in visceral fat (P = 0.004), and weight gain (P = 0.032), and up-regulated the expression of liver diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2; P < 0.001) and stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1; P < 0.05). MA increased plasma superoxide dismutase activity (SOD; P = 0.011), reduced the concentration of acetate and total volatile FA (VFA) in rumen fluid (P < 0.05), and tended to increase plasma non-esterified FA (NEFA; P = 0.069) concentrations. Generally, high C16:0 fat supplementation increased weight gain in Angus bulls and triggered the risk of fatty liver, insulin resistance, and reduced antioxidant function. These adverse effects were alleviated by partially replacing C16:0 with cis-9 C18:1.
Health-promoting effects of bovine colostrum in Type 2 diabetic patients can reduce blood glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride and ketones; Bovine colostrum (BC) has been reported to enhance immune function, reduce fat accumulation and facilitate the movement of glucose to the muscle. However, very few attempts have been made to examine its anti-diabetic effects in diabetes patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether BC decreases blood glucose, as well as cholesterol, triglyceride (TG) and ketones levels, which can be elevated by obesity and stress in Type 2 diabetic patients. Sixteen patients (men=8, women=8) with Type 2 diabetes were randomized into the study. Each ingested 5 g of BC on an empty stomach every morning and night for 4 weeks. Blood glucose, ketones (beta-hydroxybutyric acid), total cholesterol and TGs were measured every week. In both the men and women, blood glucose levels at 2 and 8 h postprandial decreased continually during the experimental period. The rate of decrease in blood glucose at 8 It postprandial was not different between the men and women, but was higher in the women (14.25 +/- 2.66) than in the men (10.96 +/- 1.82%) at 2 h postprandial. Total cholesterol and TG levels decreased significantly in both the men and women after 4 weeks. Also, beta-hydroxybutyric acid level decreased with BC ingestion, but this was not significant. These results suggest that BC can decrease levels of blood glucose and ketones, as well as reduce cholesterol and TGs, all of which may cause complications in Type 2 diabetic patients. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, with and without added calcium, on serum adiponectin and sirtuins 1 and 6 in adult subjects with type 2 diabetes; Background Some evidence suggests indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D in diabetes via adiponectin and sirtuins. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, on serum adiponectin, sirtuins (SIRT)1 and 6. Methods Briefly, 75 adults aged 30-60 years from both sexes with type 2 diabetes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups: (i) D-fortified-yogurt drink (DY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 300 mg calcium), (ii) Ca+D-fortified-yogurt drink (CDY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 500 mg calcium) and (iii) plain yogurt drink (PY; containing no detectable vitamin D and 300 mg calcium). All assessments were performed initially and after 12 weeks. Results A significant within-group increment in serum adiponectin concentrations was observed in both DY and CDY groups (+60.4 +/- 8.6, +57.5 +/- 6.4 mu g/L, respectively; p < 0.001 for both). The concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 had a significant within-group increment only in the CDY group (p = 0.003, p = 0.001 respectively). Being in CDY group was more favorable predictor of improvement in SIRT6 concentrations. Changes of 25(OH)D were a significant predictor of changes of adiponectin. However, this association disappeared following adjustment for changes of SIRT1. In contrast, the association between changes of 25(OH)D and HbA1c remained significant even after adjustment for SIRT1. Conclusions Daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks resulted in an increase in circulating concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 in T2D subjects and D+Ca-fortified yogurt drink was more in favor of SIRT6 increment.
Do People Eat the Pain Away? The Effects of Acute Physical Pain on Subsequent Consumption of Sweet-Tasting Food; Sweet tasting foods have been found to have an analgesic effect. Therefore people might consume more sweet-tasting food when they feel pain. In Study 1, participants were randomly assigned to a pain or non-pain condition and their consumption of cheesecake was measured. Participants ate more cheesecake (a sweet-tasting food) following a painful experience than a non-painful one. In Study 2, participants were randomly assigned to a painful experience or a resource depleting experience (i.e., squeezing a handgrip) and then were asked to taste test two foods, one sweet and one not sweet. Participants ate more sweet-tasting food following a painful experience than a non-painful or a resource-depleting experience. These differences were not present for consumption of non-sweet food. Further, habitual self-control predicted consumption of sweet-tasting food when in pain, with those lower in self-control particularly likely to eat more. Results suggest that people do eat more sweet-tasting food when they feel pain, particularly if they are not in the habit of controlling their impulses. These findings have implications for health given rising rates of obesity and pain-related diagnoses.
Sleep restriction increases the neuronal response to unhealthy food in normal-weight individuals; CONTEXT: Sleep restriction alters responses to food. However, the underlying neural mechanisms for this effect are not well understood.
Watching a food-related television show and caloric intake. A laboratory study; Television watching has been positively associated with overeating and obesity. How popular food-related television shows affects eating behavior has not been examined. An experimental study was conducted to examine how exposure to a food-related television program affects amount and type of food consumed in adults (N = 80). Participants were randomized to watch a cooking or nature television program and were then presented with 800 total calories of chocolate covered candies, cheese curls, and carrots. Food was weighed before and after the ad libitum eating session to determine amount consumed. After controlling for dietary restraint, hunger and food preference, significantly more chocolate covered candies were consumed among individuals who watched the cooking program compared to the nature program. No significant differences between conditions were found for overall caloric intake or for cheese curl or carrot consumption. Findings suggest that watching food-related television programs may affect eating behavior and has implications for obesity prevention and intervention efforts. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Similar effects of foods high in protein, carbohydrate and fat on subsequent spontaneous food intake in healthy individuals; Pre-loads high in protein, as compared to carbohydrate and fat, produce greater satiety and reduce food intake after a fixed time interval. This study investigated the effect of macronutrient composition on spontaneous eating behaviour. On four separate occasions, 16 fasted, healthy, non-obese men, blinded to the true purpose of the study, consumed iso-energetic (similar to3 MJ) yoghurt-based pre-loads of equivalent weight (similar to0.5 kg), high in fat (40%) [HF], carbohydrate (60%) [HC] or protein (29%) [HP], and no pre-load in a randomized, single-blind fashion. Subjects ate at will from a selection of food items for the remainder of the day (7 h) with the time of food requests (h) and energy content (U) and macronutrient distribution (%) of food eaten recorded. The three pre-loads delayed the first spontaneous request for food by 1.5-1.8 h relative to no pre-load. Total spontaneous food intake was suppressed 29% [HP], 20% [HF] and 17% [HC] by the pre-loads. Neither the amount of food eaten per spontaneous eating episode, nor the spontaneous eating frequency differed statistically following ingestion of the different pre-loads or no pre-load. In this study, in subjects who were free to choose when as well as how much they ate, a high-protein pre-load exerted similar effects on satiety as did iso-energetic high-fat and high-carbohydrate pre-loads. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of a 6-Week Carbohydrate-Reduced High-Protein Diet on Levels of FGF21 and GDF15 in People With Type 2 Diabetes; Context: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15) are increased in type 2 diabetes and are potential regulators of metabolism. The effect of changes in caloric intake and macronutrient composition on their circulating levels in patients with type 2 diabetes are unknown. Objective: To explore the effects of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein diet with and without a clinically significant weight loss on circulating levels of FGF21 and GDF15 in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: We measured circulating FGF21 and GDF15 in patients with type 2 diabetes who completed 2 previously published diet interventions. Study 1 randomized 28 subjects to an isocaloric diet in a 6 + 6-week crossover trial consisting of, in random order, a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) or a conventional diabetes (CD) diet. Study 2 randomized 72 subjects to a 6-week hypocaloric diet aiming at a similar to 6% weight loss induced by either a CRHP or a CD diet. Fasting plasma FGF21 and GDF15 were measured before and after the interventions in a subset of samples (n = 24 in study 1, n = 66 in study 2). Results: Plasma levels of FGF21 were reduced by 54% in the isocaloric study (P < .05) and 18% in the hypocaloric study (P < .05) in CRHP-treated individuals only. Circulating GDF15 levels increased by 18% (P < .05) following weight loss in combination with a CRHP diet but only in those treated with metformin. Conclusion: The CRHP diet significantly reduced FGF21 in people with type 2 diabetes independent of weight loss, supporting the role of FGF21 as a "nutrient sensor." Combining metformin treatment with carbohydrate restriction and weight loss may provide additional metabolic improvements due to the rise in circulating GDF15.
Carotid Plaque, Intima-Media Thickness, and Incident Aortic Stenosis A Prospective Cohort Study; Objective-Aortic stenosis (AS) shares risk factors with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plaque may reflect the cumulative damage from exposure to different atherosclerotic risk factors. We examined the relationship of carotid IMT and plaque with incident AS in a prospective population-based study.
Plasma Alkylresorcinols Reflect Important Whole-Grain Components of a Healthy Nordic Diet; Biomarkers of dietary intake can be important tools in nutrition research. Our aim was to assess whether plasma alkylresorcinol (AR) and beta-carotene concentrations could be used as dietary biomarkers for whole-grain, fruits and vegetables in a healthy Nordic diet (ND). Participants (n = 166), 30-65 y with a body mass index of 27-40 kg/m(2) and two more features of metabolic syndrome (International Diabetes Federation definition, slightly modified), were recruited through six centers in the Nordic countries and randomly assigned to an ND or control diet for 18 or 24 wk, depending on study center. Plasma AR and beta-carotene were analyzed and nutrient intake calculated from 4-d food records. Median fiber intake increased in the ND group from 2.5 g/MJ at baseline to 4.1 g/MJ (P < 0.001) at end point (week 18 or 24), and median (IQR) fasting plasma total AR concentration increased from 73 (88) to 106 (108) nmol/L, or 45%, from baseline to end point (P < 0.001). The AR concentration was significantly higher in the ND group (P < 0.001) than in the control group at end point. beta-Carotene intake tended to increase in the ND group (P = 0.07), but the plasma beta-carotene concentration did not change significantly throughout the study and did not differ between the groups at follow-up. In conclusion, an ND resulted in higher dietary fiber intake and increased plasma total AR concentration compared with the control diet, showing that the total AR concentration might be a valid biomarker for an ND in which whole-grain wheat and rye are important components. No significant difference in plasma beta-carotene concentrations was observed between the ND and control groups, suggesting that beta-carotene may not be a sensitive enough biomarker of the ND.
Effect of pasture vs. concentrate diet on CLA isomer distribution in different tissue lipids of beef cattle; This study examined the effects of feeding pasture vs. concentrate on the distribution of CLA isomers in the lipids of longissimus and semitendinosus muscle, liver and heart muscle, and subcutaneous fat in beef bulls. Sixty-four German Holstein and German Simmental bulls were randomly allocated to either an indoor concentrate system or periods of pasture feeding followed by a finishing period on a concentrate containing linseed to enhance their beef content of n-3 PUFA and CLA. The concentrations of CLA isomers in the different tissues were determined by GC and silver ion HPLC. The diet affected the distribution of individual CLA isomers in the lipids of the different tissues. The concentration (mg/100 g fresh tissue) of the most prominent isomer, cis-9,trans-11 18:2, was increased up to 1.5 times in liver and heart tissue of bulls fed on pasture as compared with concentrate. However, no diet effect was observed for cis-9,trans-11 18:2 in the lipids of longissimus muscle and subcutaneous fat. In all tissues, the second-most abundant CLA isomer in concentrate fed bulls was trans-7,cis-9 18:2. In contrast, trans-11,cis-1 3 18:2 was the second-most abundant CLA isomer in all investigated tissue lipids of pasture-fed bulls. The concentration of the trans11,cis-13 18:2 isomer was up to 15 times higher in tissues of pasture-fed bulls as compared with concentrate-fed animals. Furthermore, diet affected the concentrations of the CLA transtrans 18:2 isomers. Pasture feeding significantly increased the concentrations of some transtrans 18:2 isomers as compared with concentrate, predominantly trans-112,trans-14 18:2 and trans-11,trans-13 18:2. Overall, pasture feeding resulted in significantly increased concentrations of the sum of CLA isomers in the lipids of longissimus muscle, subcutaneous fat, heart and liver muscle of German Holstein and German Simmental bulls, but not in semitendinosus muscle.
Effects of nutritional status on hormone concentrations of the somatotropin axis and metabolites in plasma and colostrum of Japanese Black cows; We aimed to determine the effects of nutritional status on concentrations of somatotropic axis hormones (growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)), insulin and metabolites (glucose, total protein and nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA)) in the plasma and colostrum in late antepartum cows. Eight pregnant Japanese Black cows were randomly assigned to two experimental groups (n=4 per group). Control cows (CON) received 100% of their nutritional requirements until parturition, whereas restricted group cows (RES) received 60% of their nutritional requirements. Blood samples were taken during the antepartum period, and blood and colostrum samples were collected on days 0, 1, and 3 after calving. Compared to the CON group, the RES group had higher concentrations of GH and NEFA in plasma, but significantly lower concentrations of glucose and insulin in plasma. The concentrations of GH in plasma after calving were significantly higher, but total plasma protein was significantly lower in RES than in CON cows. Compared to the CON group, the RES group had significantly higher concentrations of GH in colostrum, but significantly lower total concentrations of protein in colostrum. Concentrations of IGF-1 were not different between the two groups. These findings suggest that maternal nutritional status during late gestation influences concentrations of GH and total protein in the blood and colostrum of Japanese Black cows.
Calcium salts of fatty acids with varying fatty acid profiles in diets of feedlot-finished <i>Bos indicus</i> bulls: impacts on intake, digestibility, performance, and carcass and meat characteristics; We hypothesized that the inclusion of calcium salts of fatty acid (CSFA) into the diets and the fatty acid (FA) profile of the supplements would impact performance and meat characteristics of Bos indicus bulls. Hence, the objective was to evaluate the effects of CSFA profiles on intake, body weight (BW), carcass, and meat characteristics of feedlot-finished B indicus bulls. Fifty-three Nellore bulls [initial BW 315 +/- 5.9 kg and 20 +/- 2 mo] were used. At the beginning, 6 bulls were randomly chosen and slaughtered for determination of their BW composition, and the remaining 47 bulls were evaluated during a 140-d experimental period. The bulls were placed in individual pens, blocked according to initial BW and randomly allocated to 1 of the 3 following treatments: (1) control diet containing sugarcane bagasse, ground corn, citrus pulp, peanut meal, and mineral-vitamin mix (CON), (2) CON with the addition of 3.3% of CSFA from soybean oil (CSO), or (3) CON with the addition of a mixture of 3.3% of CSFA from palm, soybean, and cottonseed oils (CPSCO). Diets were offered ad libitum and formulated to be isonitrogenous. Bulls supplemented with CSFA had a greater (P < 0.01) final BW, dry matter intake, average daily gain (ADG), feed efficiency (FE), and FA intake vs. CON. Among carcass parameters, CSFA-supplemented bulls had greater (P < 0.01) carcass ether extract concentration vs. CON bulls. When the CSFA profile was evaluated (CSO vs. CPSCO), CPSCO bulls had a better (P = 0.03) FE, carcass ADG, and hot carcass weight (HCW) vs. CSO bulls. The FA intakes differed among CSFA treatments, as the total saturated, palmitic, and oleic FA intakes were greater for CPSCO (P < 0.01), whereas lower intakes of total unsaturated and polyunsaturated FA (P < 0.01) were observed for CPSCO vs. CSO. Samples from the Longissimus muscle contained greater palmitoleic (P = 0.01) and reduced linoleic (P = 0.02) FA concentrations in CSFA-supplemented bulls vs. CON bulls. In agreement with the FA intakes, CPSCO-supplemented bulls had a greater (P = 0.05) unsaturated FA concentration vs. CSO in Longissimus muscle. In summary, CSFA supplementation improved the performance of finishing B. indicus bulls vs. CON. Moreover, the inclusion of CSFA from palm, soybean, and cottonseed oil benefited the FE, carcass ADG, and HCW compared with the inclusion of CSFA from soybean oil, demonstrating the potential of specific FA for improving the performance and meat quality of B. indicus bulls.
Sustainable utilization of unsaleable walnut kernel in substitution for corn grain in the diet of fattening lambs improves growth performance and meat quality; As a cost-effective typical co-product of walnut processing; this study aimed to investigate the effects of feeding poor quality, unsaleable walnut kernel, also known as wasted walnut (WW) kernel, on growth performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and fatty acid (FA) composition of fattening lambs. The experiment was conducted using 24 fattening lambs (27 +/- 1.07 kg initial BW) assigned to two total mixed concentrate-based diets, over a 80-day experimental period on a completely randomized design. Dietary treatments were: 1) WW (10% WW), and 2) CON (without WW). Average daily and total gain, and final weight increased with WW inclusion (P < 0.05). Also, a significant enhancement in feed conversion ratio (P < 0.05) and carcass cooler shrink loss (P = 0.03) were observed by feeding WW. Dry matter intake (DMI) was not influenced by feeding WW as did carcass prime cuts, meat, bone and fat-tail; however, the backfat thickness was increased (P = 0.01). WW inclusion reduced cholesterol and increased protein load in muscle tissue (P <= 0.05). Moreover, this inclusion led to higher concentration of vaccenic acid (VA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and C20 polyunsaturated FAs (PUFA), total n3 and n6 PUFA in muscle and fat-tail (P <= 0.05). Due to enhanced animal performance, also chemical and FA composition of muscle and adipose tissue, WW can be included in fattening lamb diets as a rich source of protein and PUFA.
Conjugated linoleic acids content in <i>M</i>. <i>longissimus dorsi</i> of Hanwoo steers fed a concentrate supplemented with soybean oil, sodium bicarbonate-based monensin, fish oil; We hypothesized that increasing ruminal pH would lead to enrichment of adipose tissue with conjugated linoleic acid (CLA). Twenty-four Korean native (Hanwoo) steers were used to investigate the additive effects of monensin (30 ppm, SO-BM) and/or fish oil (0.7%, SO-BMF) in the diets along with soybean oil (7%) and sodium bicarbonate (0.5%, SO-B) on cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLAs in adipose tissue. The steers were assigned to randomly four groups of six animals each based on body weight. The control group (CON) was fed a commercial concentrate for the late fattening stage. Supplementation of oil and sodium bicarbonate reduced feed intake and daily gain, and fish oil further decreased feed intake (P<0.001) and daily gain (P<0.087) compared to steers fed other diets. Total CLA and CLA isomers in M. longissimus dorsi were not affected when steers were fed SO-B and SO-BM diets compared with those of steers fed CON and SO-BMF diets. However, total poly unsaturated fatty acids were higher (P=0.03) in steers fed SO than in CON steers. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Effects of breed, parity, and folic acid supplement on the expression of leptin and its receptors' genes in embryonic and endometrial tissues from pigs at day 25 of gestation; Recent evidence has pointed toward a possible role of leptin (Lep) and its receptor (Lepr) in early gestation materno-fetal cross-talk. However, in gestating sows, exhaustive characterization of leptin mRNA expression in backfat and leptin-receptor mRNA expression in endometrial and embryonic tissues is still pending. The objectives of this study were to characterize the Lep, Lepr, and long Lepr-L isoform mRNA expression according to the breed and parity of gestating sows or to specific folic acid (B-9) + glycine dietary treatments. To this end, nulliparous (GT) and multiparous occidental Yorkshire-Land race (YL) sows as well as multiparous Chinese Meishan-Landrace (ML) sows were used. These sows were randomly assigned to two different dietary treatments: 0 or 15 ppm of B-9 + 0.6% glycine, given from the estrous preceding mating until slaughter on Day 25 of gestation. jugular blood samples were collected at mating and on Day 25 of gestation and assayed for circulating leptin concentrations. Expression levels of Lep in backfat and of Lepr and Lepr-L in endometrial and embryonic tissues were performed using semiquantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Results demonstrated that on Day 25 of pregnancy, the ML sows showed higher concentrations of circulating leptin along with higher backfat thickness and higher expression of Lep in backfat tissue. Moreover, in embryonic tissues, the mRNA expression levels of Lepr and Lepr-L genes were higher in ML than in YL sows. Parity effects were observed for mRNA expression of Lepr in both endometrial and embryonic tissues, whereas mRNA levels were higher in YL than in GT sows. In addition, embryonic Lepr-L mRNA levels were higher in GT than in YL sows, and B-9 + glycine dietary supplement decreased the mRNA expression levels of Lep in backfat and of Lepr in embryonic tissues. These decreases were independent of breed or parity of the sows. The effect of B-9 + glycine on Lepr-L mRNA expression levels was only seen in YL sows, whereas the treatment lowered Lepr-L expression levels in both endometrial and embryonic tissues. These results indicate that leptin and its receptor may play a role during early stages of development of the pig embryo-fetus, and that these roles could be modulated according to the breed and parity of the sows. Moreover, the effects of B-9 + glycine on expression levels of embryonic and endometrial Lepr-L mRNA in YL sows may explain the previously reported effects of B-9 on embryo survival rate and litter size observed in occidental multiparous sows.
Fertility of Angus cross beef heifers after GnRH treatment on day 23 and timing of insemination in 14-day CIDR protocol; This study compared artificial insemination pregnancy rate ( AI-PR) between 14-day CIDR-GnRH-PGF2a-GnRH and CIDR-PGF2a-GnRH synchronization protocol with two fixed AI times ( 56 or 72 hr after PGF2a). On day 0, heifers ( n = 1311) from nine locations assigned body condition score ( BCS: 1, emaciated; 9, obese), reproductive tract score ( RTS: 1, immature, acyclic; 5, mature, cyclic) and temperament score ( 0, calm; and 1, excited) and fitted with a controlled internal drug release ( CIDR, 1.38 g of progesterone) insert for 14 days. Within herd, heifers were randomly assigned either to no - GnRH group ( n = 635) or to GnRH group ( n = 676), and heifers in GnRH group received 100 mu g of GnRH ( gonadorelin hydrochloride, IM) on day 23. All heifers received 25 mg of PGF2a ( dinoprost, IM) on day 30 and oestrous detection aids at the same time. Heifers were observed for oestrus thrice daily until AI. Within GnRH groups, heifers were randomly assigned to either AI-56 or AI-72 groups. Heifers in AI-56 group ( n = 667) were inseminated at 56 hr ( day 32 PM), and heifers in AI-72 group ( n = 644) were inseminated at 72 hr ( day 33 AM) after PGF2a administration. All heifers were given 100 mu g of GnRH concurrently at the time AI. Controlling for BCS ( p <.05), RTS ( p <.05), oestrous expression ( p <.001), temperament ( p <.001) and GnRH treatment by time of insemination ( p <.001), the AI-PR differed between GnRH treatment [ GnRH ( Yes - 60.9% ( 412/ 676) vs. No - 55.1% ( 350/ 635); p <.05)] and insemination time [ AI-56 - 54.6% ( 364/ 667) vs. AI- 72 - 61.8% ( 398/ 644); ( p <.01)] groups. The GnRH treatment by AI time interaction influenced AI- PR ( GnRH56 61.0% ( 208/ 341); GnRH72 - 60.9% ( 204/ 335); No- GnRH56 - 47.9% ( 156/ 326); No-GnRH72 - 62.8% ( 194/ 309); p <.001). In conclusion, 14-day CIDR synchronization protocol for FTAI required inclusion of GnRH on day 23 if inseminations were to be performed at 56 hr after PGF2a in order to achieve greater AI-PR.
Meat quality, fatty acid composition of tissue and gastrointestinal content, and antioxidant status of lamb fed seed of a halophyte (<i>Suaeda glauca</i>); Twenty-four Merino lambs were randomly assigned to four treatments: control diet (Cr) consisting of 300 g concentrates with ad libitum Leymus chinensis hay; C with 150 g (T150), 300 g (1300) and 450 g (T450) Suaeda glauca seed, respectively. Meat quality, fatty acid composition of meat and lipid tissue and antioxidant status of lamb were evaluated. Inclusion of S. glauca seeds significantly increased selenium (Se) concentrations of muscle. The proportions of C18:1 trans-11 in musde, C18:2 n - 6, PUPA, n - 6 series fatty adds, and the ratios of P:S in rumen contents, as well as the ratios of n - 6:n - 3 in adipose tissue, rumen and duodenum content have been significantly (P < 0.05) improved with supplementation of S. glauca seeds to lamb diets. No significant effect was found on antioxidant status. The results suggest that S. glauca seed supplementation in lamb diets may change fatty add composition in tissues and content of digestive tract. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Vaccenic acid and <i>cis</i>-9,<i>trans</i>-11 CLA in the rumen and different tissues of pasture- and concentrate-fed beef cattle; The objective of present study was the comparison of trans-11 18:1 (VA) and cis-9,trans-11 CLA concentrations in the rumen and different tissues in beef cattle, and to examine the diet and breed effects on the compound concentration and deposition. Sixty-four German Holstein and German Simmental bulls were randomly assigned to two dietary treatments, based on concentrate or pasture. The concentration of cis-9,trans-11 CLA and VA in rumen, duodenal digesta and different tissues was determined by gas chromatography. The results showed that pasture relative to concentrate feeding significantly increased the concentration of VA in duodenal digesta, plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids. Pasture-based feeding resulted in a significant enrichment of cis-9,trans-11 CLA in plasma lipids and erythrocyte phospholipids, but not in rumen and duodenal digesta, compared to concentrate-fed diet. Diet did not affect the cis-9,trans-11 CLA concentrations (mg/100 g fresh tissue) in semitendinosus muscle and subcutaneous fat. There was a breed effect on the deposition of cis-9,trans-11 CLA in longissimus muscle with lower concentration in pasture-fed German Simmental bulls compared to concentrate-fed bulls. However, pasture feeding significantly increased both, the VA and cis-9,trans-11 CLA concentrations in liver and heart tissues. Both diet and breed effects on Delta(9)-desaturase index was observed in muscle and subcutaneous fat tissues. There was a linear relationship between the concentration of VA and cis-9,trans-11 CLA and the coefficients of determination (R-2) varied between 0.29 and 0.87 from rumen to the different tissues.
Effect of Hypercholesterolemia on Fatty Infiltration and Quality of Tendon-to-Bone Healing in a Rabbit Model of a Chronic Rotator Cuff Tear Electrophysiological, Biomechanical, and Histological Analyses; Background: The incidence of healing failure after rotator cuff repair is high, and fatty infiltration is a crucial factor in healing failure.
Supplementation of fermented Maillard-reactive whey protein enhances immunity by increasing NK cell activity; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the impact of supplementation with fermented Maillard-reactive whey protein (F-MRP) on natural killer (NK) cell activity, circulating cytokines, and serum protein levels. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted on a sample of 80 participants without diabetes or obesity. Over an 8-week study period, the F-MRP group consumed 6 g of powder containing 4.2 g of F-MRP each day, whereas the placebo group consumed the same amount of maltodextrin. For each participant, NK cell activity was evaluated based on the ratio of effector cells (E; peripheral blood mononuclear cells, PBMCs) to target cells (T; K562 cells) at E : T ratios of 10 : 1, 5 : 1, 2.5 : 1, and 1.25 : 1. Results: Body mass index (BMI) and NK cell activity under all assay conditions were significantly increased in the F-MRP group at the 8-week follow-up visit compared with the values at the baseline, whereas the placebo group showed significant reductions in NK cell activity (at an E : T ratio of 5 : 1), serum albumin, and pre-albumin at the 8-week follow-up visit compared with the values at the baseline. When comparing the changes between the placebo and F-MRP groups, the increases in NK cell activity under all assay conditions and serum interleukin (IL)-12 in the F-MRP group were greater than those in the placebo group after adjusting for baseline values. There were also significant differences in pre-albumin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 between the two groups; the change in (Delta) IL-12 was positively correlated with both Delta pre-albumin (r = 0.435, P = 0.006) and Delta NK cell activity at an E : T ratio of 10 : 1 (r = 0.571, P < 0.001) in the F-MRP group. Conclusion: Daily consumption of F-MRP enhanced NK cell function, which was positively associated with Delta L-12. Moreover,Delta IL-12 was positively correlated with Delta pre-albumin.
Changing patterns of cytomegalovirus seroprevalence among pregnant women in Norway between 1995 and 2009 examined in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study and two cohorts from Sor-Trondelag County: a cross-sectional study; Objectives: To examine cytomegalovirus (CMV) seroprevalence and associated risk factors for CMV seropositivity in pregnant Norwegian women.
Probiotic consumption and hepatic steatosis: results from the NHANES 2011-2016 and Mendelian randomization study; Background Recent research showed that probiotics treatment may reduce insulin resistance, regulate lipid metabolism, raise liver enzyme levels, and ameliorate inflammation in individuals with metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). However, the possible effects of probiotic use on the progression of hepatic steatosis (HS) have not been identified. The purpose of this study was to investigate this in a large population database.Methods The cross-sectional research was conducted among adults with complete data on probiotic yogurt consumption and HS in the 2011-2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Probiotic yogurt consumption was assessed using a dietary supplement questionnaire, while HS was evaluated with HS index (HSI). To explore their relationship, weighted univariate regression analysis, subgroup analysis, and interaction analysis were conducted. To evaluate the causal association between yogurt consumption and NAFLD, mendelian randomization analysis (MR) were performed. A restricted cubic spline (RCS) was used to analyze the relationship curve between the leves of yogurt consumption and hepatic steatosis.Results A total of 7,891 participants were included in the study represented 146.7 million non-institutionalized residents of the United States, of whom 4,322 (54.77%) were diagnosed with HS. Multivariable logistic regression showed probiotic yogurt consumption had significantly inverse relationship for HS (OR = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.72-0.97, p = 0.02) after adjusting for all covariates. Once more, the independent relationship between probiotic yogurt consumption and HS was verified by subgroup analysis and interaction analysis. The MR analysis results indicate that there is no causal relationship between yogurt consumption and NAFLD. The RCS model demonstrated a robust J-shaped link between yogurt consumption and HS, revealing a significant decrease in risk within the lower range of yogurt consumption, which attained the lowest risk close to 0.4 cup.Conclusion According to the NHANES data, the consumption of probiotics and yogurt has a beneficial effect on HS, whereas the MR results indicated it was not related to NAFLD. The RCS analysis indicates a J-shaped relationship between yogurt consumption and HS, which may account for the inconsistency in the results. Based on these findings, we recommend that adults take half a cup of yogurt daily.
Effects of Acute Hyperglucagonemia on Hepatic and Intestinal Lipoprotein Production and Clearance in Healthy Humans; OBJECTIVE-The metabolism of hepatic-and intestinally derived lipoproteins is regulated in a complex fashion by nutrients, hormones, and neurologic and other factors. Recent studies in animal models suggest an important role for glucagon acting via the glucagon receptor in regulating hepatic triglyceride (TG) secretion. Here we examined the direct effects of glucagon on regulation of hepatic and intestinal lipoprotein metabolism in humans.
Association between body condition score and abdominal fat assessed by ultrasound in Jersey cows; BackgroundBody condition score (BCS) is a subjective tool and the deposition of subcutaneous fat differs from the deposition of abdominal fat.ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to evaluate by multivariate regression models and ultrasonography the amount of fat accumulated in different areas of the abdominal cavity in Jersey non-pregnant non-lactating cows and its association with their BCS.MethodsFrom a commercial farm, 21 non-pregnant non-lactating Jersey cows were selected at random. Cows were placed in a headlock line, and BCS was evaluated (scale 1-5 with a 0.25 unit increment) by the same assessor. Ultrasonographic evaluation was performed using a Sonosite machine in duplicate, considering key anatomical points of the body to predict total abdominal fat (AT), retroperitoneal fat (RT), omental fat (OT) and mesenteric fat (MT). A regression analysis for each abdominal fat depot and the BCS was run using SAS.ResultsModels from the lowest to the largest r2 are reported. The r2 for the models were MT r2 = 0.023; RT r2 = 0.1047; OT r2 = 0.323 and AT r2 = 0.369. Correlation between BCS and abdominal fat depots was positive, lower for mesenteric and retroperitoneal fat, but higher for omental and total abdominal fat. Cows were divided on the basis of the median of BCS distribution to high (>= 3.5) and low (<= 3.25). Those with high BCS had significantly larger amounts of fat in different anatomical areas of abdominal cavity than cows with low BCS.ConclusionBCS has a low-to-moderate association with abdominal fat depots, but a high variability exists within each BCS punctuation, which supports the notion that fat accumulation patterns and metabolic turnover between abdominal and subcutaneous fat differ from each other.
Exploration of the Causal Association Between Behavioral Risk Factors and Gallstone Disease Development in Two European Ancestry Populations; Introduction Risk factors for developing gallstones are related to disturbances in either cholesterol or bilirubin metabolism in the biliary tract. The risk of forming gallstones can be associated with chronic illnesses, dietary habits, reduced gallbladder motility, and medications. Our study aims to explore the causal relationship between multiple risk factors, including nutritional habits (cheese intake, salad intake, processed meat intake, coffee drinking), smoking behavior, overall obesity measured by body mass index (BMI), lipid biomarkers, total bilirubin and maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) and the development of gallstone disease in two different populations of European ancestry (United Kingdom Biobank (UKB) and FinnGen). Materials and methods Using publicly available genome-wide association studies (GWAS) data, we performed a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) to examine the association between risk factors and gallstone development. Exposures used in this study included age of smoking initiation, smoking intensity, coffee intake, cheese intake, salad intake, processed meat intake, BMI, and lipid biomarkers (cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), triglycerides (TG), and high-density lipoproteins (HDL)). Current analyses were based on 93 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) for smoking initiation, four SNPs for smoking intensity, 65 SNPs for cheese intake, three SNPs for coffee intake, 22 SNPs for salad intake, 23 SNPs for processed meat intake, 79 SNPs for BMI, 26 SNPs for maternal DM, 89 SNPs for total bilirubin, 46 SNPs for cholesterol, 41 SNPs for LDL, 55 SNPs for TG, and 89 SNPs for HDL. The outcome in this study is gallstones/cholelithiasis. To evaluate the causal relationships between these risk factors and gallstones, two -sample MR methods were used. TwoSampleMR package in R software version 4.0.5 (R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria) was used to obtain MR analyses and sensitivity analyses. Results In the UKB, genetic predispositions to smoking initiation, BMI, and total bilirubin were significantly associated with an increased risk of gallstones. The odds of gallstones would increase per 1-SD increase of genetically estimated smoking initiation (OR: 1.004, P=0.008), BMI (OR: 1.02, P<0.001), and total bilirubin (OR: 1.0001, P=0.025). Conversely, genetic predispositions to cheese intake, coffee intake, cholesterol, LDL, and TG were statistically significantly associated with a decreased risk of gallstones (OR=0.99, P=0.014; OR=0.97, P=0.009; OR=0.99, P=0.006; OR=0.99, P=0.01; and OR=0.99, P<0.001, respectively). In FinnGen, genetic predispositions to BMI and total bilirubin were significantly associated with an increased risk of gallstones. The odds of gallstones would increase per 1-SD increase of genetically estimated BMI (OR: 1.7, P<0.001) and total bilirubin (OR: 1.02, P=0.002). Conversely, genetic predispositions to cheese intake, coffee intake, cholesterol, LDL, and TG were statistically significantly associated with a decreased risk of gallstones (OR=0.23, P=0.006; OR=0.42, P=0.041; OR=0.77, P=0.034; OR=0.88, P=0.008; and OR=0.70, P=0.005, respectively). Conclusion Genetically estimated BMI and total bilirubin levels were associated with increased risk of gallstones among the two populations while genetically estimated cheese intake, coffee intake, and cholesterol, LDL, and TG levels factors were consistently associated with reduced risk of gallstones among the two populations.
Metabolic and psychological effects of short-term increased consumption of less-processed foods in daily diets: A Pilot Study; Aim. - This study evaluated whether the consumption of locally produced food without additives might have a positive effect on known risk factors for non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as hypertension, and levels of fasting glucose and visceral adipose tissue (VAT). Attention was focused on various types of cheese, sausages, fresh pasta, pastries, biscuits and chocolate without additives to make them palatable and durable for transport.
Whey and soy protein supplements changes body composition in patients with Crohn's disease undergoing azathioprine and anti-TNF-alpha therapy; Background: Crohn's disease (CD) is a chronic transmural inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract of unknown cause. Malnutrition associated with active CD has been reduced although obesity has increased. Dietary strategies such as those with high-protein have been proposed to reduce body fat. This study compares the effects of two supplements on the nutritional status of CD patients. Materials and
Short sleep duration increases energy intakes but does not change energy expenditure in normal-weight individuals; Background: Evidence suggests a relation between short sleep duration and obesity.
CRETE - A STUDY IN METABOLIC EPIDEMIOLOGY OF CORONARY HEART DISEASE; In addition to standard survey techniques, a new procedure for aspiration of depot fat, the determination of urinary vanil mandelic acid, and radioelectrocardiography were utilized for the first time under field conditions to study the "metabolic epidemiology" of coronary heart disease. The study sample consisted of 280 men, aged 45 and over (mean, 62), most of whom were randomly selected from 5 geographic areas in which indigenous diet patterns of the populace could be distinguished. A 12-lead electrocardiographic survey of all subjects revealed 2 cases of residual myocardial infarction. The use of exercise radioelectrocardiography detected 2 cases of definite myocardial ischemia in which the standard electrocardiograms were normal. Thirty-one cases of cardiac arrhythmias were found, the vast majority considered to be due to arteriosclerotic heart disease. The nutritional status of the male Cretan was assessed by interview techniques, 24 hr. diet recall, clinical examination, hemoglobin, hematocrit and the determination of serum vitamin A and E. The mean level of hemoglobin was 14.1 g%; of hematocrit, 43.1%; serum vitamins E and A, 0.97 mg% (range 0.32-1.8) and 92 [MU]g% (range 43-168), respectively. Two instances of petechial hemorrhages believed to be due to deficiency of ascorbic acid were found. Two other subjects had serum vitamin E levels below 0.5 mg%; 8 cases of anemia were detected. With the exception of the cases cited, the mean serum vitamin and hemoglobin determinations were within normal limits; mean hematocrit levels were slightly below normal. Analysis of 200 depot fat samples revealed significant differences which could be associated with specific local dietary patterns. Oleic acid comprised 65% of total depot fatty acids in subjects consuming the greatest quantity of olive oil. The Iracleion subjects ate the most meat and cheese, exhibited the highest mean weight, and showed the highest depot total saturated fatty acid content. When the depot fat composition pattern of all the Cretan subjects was compared to that of American men of the same age, a highly significant difference in depot saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids was revealed. The monounsaturated depot fatty acid content was 69 compared to 59% in the American. Depot saturated fat was 19% in the Cretan, 30 in the American. It was suggested that the populations having low incidence of coronary heart disease may be associated with relatively low depot saturated fat content and a proportionate increase in either depot monoenes or polyenes. In the subsample of 12 subjects a mean level of 24 hr. urinary vanil mandelic acid was found to be 6.3 mg%, an amount found in American subjects with evidence of coronary heart disease. It was postulated that though the urinary vanil mandelic acid excretion of Cretan men is high, reaction to stress is decisive and disassociated with anxiety-provoking behavioral patterns which characterize the coronary- prone subject. In determining the status of the study subjects relative to the risk factors defined by the Framingham study, the rural Cretan man can be said to be hypo- or normocholes-teremic, normotensive and normal in weight. He eats little saturated fat, smokes moderately if at all, exercises considerably and tends to react to stress decisively. Thus, all factors of risk studied were found to be of low order, and this combination of findings appears to best explain the low incidence of coronary heart disease observed in the Cretan men.
Ameliorative Effects of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> NL41 on Insulin Sensitivity, Oxidative Stress, and Beta-Cell Function in a Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rat Model; Scope The present study aims to assess the antidiabetic effect of Lactobacillus paracasei strain NL41 and its potential mechanisms in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) induced by a high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin administration (HFD/STZ). Methods and results Eighteen Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats are randomly assigned to three groups: one control, one HFD/STZ model, and one HFD/STZ-Lactobacillus protection group with administration of strain NL41 for 12 weeks. Blood is collected for biochemical parameters analysis and tissue samples for histological analysis. Treatment with strain NL41 results in excellent blood glucose regulation and significantly decreases insulin resistance, and HbA1c, glucagon, and leptin levels, accompanied by remarkable improvement of dyslipidemia and oxidative stress status in the animals. Islets of Langerhans, liver, and kidney are significantly protected in the NL41-treated rats compared to the HFD/STZ-T2DM model rats. Histochemistry shows that strain NL41 inhibits beta-cell loss and alpha-cell expansion, indicating pancreatic islets as the targeted tissues for the primary ameliorative effect of the probiotic strain on HFD/STZ-T2DM rats. Crosstalk between the gut-liver and liver-pancreas endocrine axes is discussed. Conclusion Probiotic strain NL41 prevents HFD/STZ-T2DM by decreasing insulin resistance and oxidative stress status, and protecting beta-cell function.
Interactions of BDNF Val66met and dietary indices in relation to metabolic markers among patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study; BackgroundGene-diet interaction is related to the progression of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases biomarkers. We aimed to evaluate the interaction between diet quality indices and BDNF Val66Mat (rs6265) on cardiometabolic markers among diabetic patients.MethodsThis cross-sectional study was conducted on 634 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, which were randomly recruited from diabetic centers in Tehran. Dietary intakes were estimated by a previously validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire comprising 147 items. All participants were categorized into three categories, based on healthy eating index (HEI), diet quality index (DQI), and phytochemical index (PI) scores. Polymerase chain reaction was used for genotyping the BDNF Val66Met. Interactions were tested using analysis of covariance in adjusted and crude models.ResultsOur result showed that higher DQI, HEI, and PI scores significantly decrease body mass index and waist circumference among individuals with Met/Met, Val/Met, and Val/Val genotypes (P interactions < 0.05). Moreover, the highest quartile of the DQI and PI, compared to the lowest, showed lower TG level among Met allele carriers compared to Val/Val homozygotes (P interaction = 0.004 and 0.01, respectively) and a faster reduction in IL-18 and TC level was seen among Met/Met, Val/Met who had higher HEI intake than those with Val/Val genotype.ConclusionsBDNF Val66Met polymorphism may interact with HEI, DQI, and PI. We have revealed that Met allele acts as a protective allele for diabetic patients and may have a beneficial influence on cardio-metabolic factors through regulating dietary intake.
Beneficial Effects of Potentilla discolor Bunge Water Extract on Inflammatory Cytokines Release and Gut Microbiota in High-Fat Diet and Streptozotocin-Induced Type 2 Diabetic Mice; Potentilla discolor Bunge (PDB), a perennial herb, has been used as a traditional Chinese medicine in the therapy of many diseases. The aim of the current study was to investigate the effect of PDB water extract on systemic inflammation and gut microbiota in type 2 diabetic (T2D) mice induced by high-fat diet (HFD) and streptozotocin (STZ) injection. C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into a normal diet (ND) group, T2D group, and PDB group (diabetic mice treated with PDB water extract at a dose of 400 mg/kg body weight). Results showed that PDB significantly decreased the levels of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and pro-inflammatory cytokines in serum. Further investigation showed that PDB significantly reduced the ratio of Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes and the relative abundance of Proteobacteria in fecal samples of diabetic mice. In addition, PDB notably alleviated intestinal inflammation as evidenced by decreased expression of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), myeloid differentiation factor 88 (MyD88), nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B), and inflammatory cytokines. PDB also reversed the decreased expression of intestinal mucosal tight junction proteins including Claudin3, ZO-1, and Occludin. Meanwhile, the levels of fecal acetic acid and butyric acid and their specific receptors including G-protein-coupled receptor (GPR) 41 and 43 expression in the colon were also increased after PDB treatment. Our results indicated that PDB might serve as a potential functional ingredient against diabetes and related inflammation.
Dietary calcium intake and mortality risk from cardiovascular disease and all causes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Considerable controversy exists regarding the association between dietary calcium intake and risk of mortality from cardiovascular disease and all causes. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies to examine the controversy.
Environmental stress during the last trimester of gestation in pregnant cows and its effect on offspring growth performance and response to glucose and adrenocorticotropic hormone; This research evaluated the effects of cows being housed in muddy environmental conditions during late gestation on fetal growth, postnatal growth, and postnatal response to glucose and adrenocorticotropic hormone. Based on the results, it seems that mature cows housed in a muddy environment during late gestation can mobilize body stores without negatively affecting fetal growth, postnatal growth, and gain:feed, or response to glucose and adrenocorticotropic hormone.
The promising role of probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics in energy metabolism biomarkers in patients with NAFLD: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease with a high prevalence worldwide, seriously harming human health, and its pathogenesis remains unclear. In recent years, increasing evidence has indicated that intestinal microbiota plays an important role in the occurrence and development of NAFLD. The regulation method of probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics can alter the intestinal microbiota and has been suggested as an option in the treatment of NAFLD. Methods: Five databases of PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, clinicaltrails.gov, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure were searched initially, and then the eligible studies were screened. Finally, the data of included studieswere extracted, combined and analyzed Results: A total of 29 randomized controlled trials involving 2,110 patients were included in this study. The results showed that using probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics in the intervention group could reduce the levels of glucose (SMD = -0.23, 95% CI [-0.45, -0.01], P = 0.04), HOMA-IR (SMD = -0.47, 95% CI [-0.63, -0.31], P < 0.00001) and insulin (SMD = -0.46, 95% CI [-0.76, -0.16], P = 0.002) in sugar metabolism; in terms of lipid metabolism, the levels of TC (SMD = -0.62, 95%CI [-0.87, -0.36], P < 0.00001), and LDL-C (SMD = -0.57, 95%CI [-0.85, -0.28], P < 0.00001) were decreased; and the level of ALB was decreased in protein metabolism (SMD = -0.34, 95%CI [-0.61, -0.06], P = 0.02). Conclusions: Based on the current evidence, probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics may improve energy metabolism biomarkers in the NAFLD population, but these effects still need to be confirmed by further research.Systematic Review Registration.
Effect of dietary conjugated linoleic acid on marbling and intramuscular adipocytes in pork; Dietary CLA has been reported to decrease backfat and increase marbling in pigs. Our objective was to determine whether the increase in marbling involved changes in intramuscular adipocyte number or size or both. Twenty barrows (53 kg) were penned in pairs and pens were randomly assigned to receive diets containing either 1% soybean oil (SBO) or CLA (60% CLA isomers) for 6 wk. Body weight and feed intake were determined weekly. At slaughter, loin samples were obtained and flash frozen for RNA extraction and real-time reverse-transcription PCR analysis of gene expression. After a 24-h chill, loin eye area and backfat depth were measured and subjective marbling and color scores were assigned. Loin, backfat, and belly fat samples were obtained for fatty acid analysis by gas chromatography. Loin samples were also frozen in ice-cold isopentane for histological analysis of intramuscular adipocytes. Dietary CLA did not affect BW or feed intake at any point (P > 0.10), nor did treatment groups differ in HCW (P = 0.417) or loin color (P = 0.500). The CLA-fed pigs did have less (P = 0.018) backfat and smaller (P = 0.047) loin eye area than SBO-fed pigs and had a trend for an increase (P = 0.069) in marbling score. Relative gene expression for markers of preadipocytes (preadipocyte factor 1; Pref1), differentiating adipocytes (PPAR gamma), and mature adipocytes [fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) and perilipin (PLIN)] were determined and normalized to the expression of acidic ribosomal phosphoprotein. No significant differences were detected, but the expression of PPAR gamma (P = 0.265), PLIN (P = 0.265), and FABP4 (P = 0.148) was numerically greater in CLA-fed pigs than in SBO-fed pigs. Loin samples were stained with Oil Red O to identify intramuscular adipocytes. The average cell area was increased (P = 0.030) in CLA-fed pigs. The cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomers were incorporated (P = 0.006) into backfat and belly fat, but only trans-10, cis-12 CLA was increased in the loin (P = 0.004) of CLA-fed pigs. The proportion of SFA was increased (P = 0.006) by CLA in all tissues. These results indicate that the increase in marbling in pigs fed CLA may be related to increased intramuscular adipocyte size, and the combination of increased marbling and degree of saturation could improve the eating quality of CLA-fed pork.
Effect of Dietary Starch-to-Fat Ratio on Lipid Metabolism, Inflammation, and Microbiota of Multiparous Sow and Newborn Piglets; This experiment aimed to evaluate the effects of dietary starch-to-fat ratio on reproductive performance and lipid metabolism of sows and newborn piglets. A total of 75 Landrace x Yorkshire multiparous sows at d 84 of gestation were selected and randomly divided into three groups based on body weight. From d 85 of gestation to farrowing, sows were fed one of three dietary starch-to-fat ratios (20:1, 10:1, and 5:1). Dietary high starch-to-fat ratio increased the birth weight of piglets (p < 0.05). The apparent total digestibility of dry matter, organic matter, and gross energy of sows was improved by an increasing starch-to-fat ratio during gestation (p < 0.05). Decreased dietary starch-to-fat ratio increased the concentration of plasma triglycerides, total cholesterol, and GSH-Px in sows (p < 0.05). During parturition, sows had increased plasma interleukin (IL) -1 beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in the low ratio group (p < 0.05). The relative abundance of Streptococcaceae in the low ratio group was significantly higher (p < 0.05). The medium dietary starch-to-fat ratio significantly increased the concentrations of short chain fatty acids. In conclusion, this study suggested that for sows a diet with ahigh starch to fat ratio could ameliorate lipid metabolism disorder and maternal inflammation during late gestation.
Consuming polydextrose in a mid-morning snack increases acute satiety measurements and reduces subsequent energy intake at lunch in healthy human subjects; Polydextrose (Litesse (R), DuPont) is a polysaccharide that is partially fermented in the colon. Evidence suggests that polydextrose increases satiety when consumed over several weeks; however studies assessing its acute effects on satiety are lacking. This study therefore aimed to assess the impact of different doses of polydextrose on satiety and energy intake at subsequent meals during a test day. Three yogurt-based drinks containing different amounts of polydextrose (0, 6.25 and 12.5 g) were tested using a randomised, single-blinded, placebo controlled, cross-over design. Thirty-four healthy male and female volunteers were provided with a standard breakfast, then consumed the test product mid-morning, 90 min before an ad libitum lunch, which was followed by an ad libitum dinner. Visual analogue scales were used to measure subjective ratings of appetite, liking and discomfort. Consuming 6.25 and 12.5 g polydextrose increased satiety and decreased appetite compared to control immediately after consumption. A reduction in energy intake (218.8 kJ) at lunchtime was observed for 12.5 g polydextrose. This reduction in energy intake was not compensated for at dinner. This study suggests that polydextrose may aid in increasing satiety feelings post consumption and also reduce energy intake as a result. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Intravenous FX06 as an Adjunct to Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Results of the FIRE (Efficacy of FX06 in the Prevention of Myocardial Reperfusion Injury) Trial; Objectives The purpose of this study was to investigate whether FX06 would limit infarct size when given as an adjunct to percutaneous coronary intervention.
The effects of a Nutritional Packet (live yeast, vitamins C and B1, and electrolytes) offered during the final phase of feedlot steers on growth performance, nutrient digestion, and feeding behavior; Animals receiving a Nutritional Packet containing live yeast, vitamin C and B1, and electrolytes during the final 64 d on feed digested more nutrients, were fatter, and had a more stable feeding behavior. It is suggestive that these effects may warrant an earlier harvest date when animals receive such packets.
Growth, carcass characteristics, chemical composition and fatty acid profile of the <i>longissimus dorsi</i> muscle in goat kids fed diets with castor oil; The objective in this study was to determine growth, carcass characteristics, chemical composition and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi of crossbred Boer x Saanen kids fed castor oil. Twenty-four kids (12 males and 12 females) were assigned in a randomized complete block design with two treatments and twelve replications. Blocks were defined according to weight, gender and initial age of animals for the evaluation of performance. The experimental treatments consisted of two diets containing 900 g concentrate/kg: a control diet (without addition of oil) and another containing castor oil at 30 g/kg (on a dry matter basis). After they reached an average body weight of 25 kg, males were slaughtered for the evaluation of carcass characteristics, chemical composition and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi muscle. The addition of castor oil in the diet did not affect the intake of dry matter, crude protein and neutral detergent fiber; the average daily gain; and feed conversion, but increased the ether extract intake. No difference was observed for the carcass characteristics, chemical composition of the meat, concentration of C18:2 cis-9, trans-11 (CLA) and total concentration of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and their relations; however, there was increase in the concentrations of C18:2 trans-10, cis-12 (CLA) and C20:4 omega-6. The addition of castor oil to the diet of crossbred Boer x Saanen kids containing a high content of concentrate did not promote benefit to the characteristics evaluated.
The influence of a triclosan toothpaste on adverse events in patients with cardiovascular disease over 5-years; Adverse effects of long-term usage of triclosan-containing toothpaste in humans are currently unknown. We assessed the effect of long-term use of 0.3% triclosan-toothpaste on serious adverse events (SAEs) in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD). 438 patients with a history of stable CVD were entered into the 5-year longitudinal Cardiovascular and Periodontal Study at Prince Charles Hospital, Brisbane, Australia and randomised into test (triclosan) or placebo groups. There were no significant differences in demographics or clinical features between the groups. Patients were examined at baseline, and annually for 5-years. SAEs were classified according to the System Organ Classes defined by MedDRA (Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities). Results were analysed using chi square and Kaplan Meier analysis. Overall, 232 patients (123 in the triclosan group; 109 in the placebo group) experienced 569 SAEs (288 in the triclosan group and 281 in the placebo group). There was no significant difference between the groups in numbers of patients experiencing SAEs (p = 035) or specific cardiovascular SAEs (p = 0.82), nor in time to the first SAE or first cardiovascular SAE, irrespective of gender, age or BMI after adjusting for multiple comparisons (p > 0.05). The adjusted odds of experiencing an SAE were estimated to increase by 2.7% for each year of age (p = 0.02) and the adjusted odds of experiencing a cardiovascular SAE were estimated to increase by 5.1% for each unit increase in BMI (p = 0.02). Most cardiovascular events were related to unstable angina or myocardial infarcts, 21 were associated with arrhythmia and 41 were vascular events such as aortic aneurysm and cerebrovascular accident. Within the limitations of the present study the data suggest that the use of triclosan-toothpaste may not be associated with any increase in SAEs in this CVD population. The long-term impact of triclosan on hormone-related disease, such as cancer, in humans remains to be determined. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
What happens when you compare yourself to a model eating a cheeseburger? An experiment testing the impact of models promoting calorie-dense foods on beliefs about weight maintenance, body satisfaction, and purchase intent; Background Ads depicting models promoting calorie-dense foods and beverages are ubiquitous and no known research has examined their effects on consumers. Drawing from social comparison theory, we hypothesized that participants who viewed ads with models (versus without models) would be more likely to rate models and less likely to rate themselves as able to consume the calorie-dense foods regularly and still maintain their weight/shape. We also hypothesized that participants who viewed ads with models (versus without models) would report more body dissatisfaction and, consistent with consumer research, a greater intention to purchase the product. Methods Participants (N = 168) were randomly assigned to view food or beverage ads with models or without models and completed self-report measures. Results Participants who viewed ads without models were more likely to rate themselves and most people as able to consume calorie-dense foods regularly and maintain their weight/shape and reported a greater intention to purchase the product. Consistent with our hypotheses, participants who viewed ads with models reported increased body dissatisfaction. Conclusions Results indicate that consumers' perceptions of their own and others' abilities to regularly consume calorie-dense foods and maintain their weight/shape change based on whether (or not) the calorie-dense foods are promoted by a model. Our findings reveal the nuanced negative effects of calorie-dense food ads with and without models and give insight into the psychological and potential physical health consequences that food ads can have on consumers.
Using whole cottonseed to replace dried distillers grains plus solubles and prairie hay in finishing beef cattle rations balanced for physically effective neutral detergent fiber; Objective: The objective of this experiment was to determine the effects of replacing prairie hay and dried distillers grains plus solubles with whole cottonseed (WCS) in diets balanced for physically effective NDF on the growth, intake, feed efficiency, carcass characteristics, and plasma metabolites of finishing beef cattle. Materials and Methods: Crossbred heifers (n = 103) and steers (n = 104) were blocked by BW within sex and randomly allocated to pens within block (6 pens per treatment) with 17 (n = 10 pens) or 18 (n = 2 pens) animals per pen. Pens were randomly allocated to experimental treatment: either a control diet (CON; prairie hay, dried distillers grains plus solubles, dry-rolled corn, and liquid supplement) or a WCS diet (CTN; WCS, dry-rolled corn, and molasses). A common vitamin and mineral supplement and urea were included in both diets at the same rate. Animals were slaughtered in 3 groups based on BW block. Results and Discussion: Cattle fed the CTN treatment tended to have a greater final BW (P = 0.10) and had greater overall ADG and G:F (P = 0.05). There was no difference in overall DMI (P = 0.23). Fecal consistency scores were greater for cattle fed the CON treatment on d 42, at the beginning of the ss-agonist feeding period, and at the final collection before slaughter (P <= 0.03). Cattle fed the CTN treatment had a more neutral fecal pH on d 140 and at the final collection (P < 0.01). No treatment x day interactions (P >= 0.70) were detected for plasma glucose, lactate, urea nitrogen, or nonesterified fatty acid concentrations. Cattle fed the CON treatment had greater plasma urea nitrogen concentrations (P < 0.001) and a tendency for a greater plasma lactate concentration (P = 0.06). A day effect was also observed for all plasma metabolites (P < 0.001). Implications and Applications: This experiment suggests that feeding WCS improves the growth and feed efficiency of cattle when replacing the roughage and byproduct protein and fat sources within a finishing diet.
Anti-Diabetic Potentials of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Strains by Modulating Gut Microbiota Structure and β-Cells Regeneration in the Pancreatic Islets of Alloxan-Induced Diabetic Rats; Diabetes mellitus, a most common endocrine disorder of glucose metabolism, has become a global epidemic and poses a serious public health threat with an increased socio-economic burden. Escalating incidence of diabetes is correlated with changes in lifestyle and food habits that cause gut microbiome dysbiosis and beta-cells damage, which can be addressed with dietary interventions containing probiotics. Hence, the search for probiotics of human origin with anti-diabetic, anti-AGE, and anti-ACE potentials has gained renewed interest for the effective management of diabetes and its associated complications. The present study used an alloxan (AXN)-induced diabetic rat model to investigate the effects of potential probiotic Lacticaseibacillus casei MKU1, Lactiplantibacillus pentosus MKU3, and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum MKU7 administration individually on physiochemical parameters related to diabetic pathogenesis. Experimental animals were randomly allotted into six groups viz. NCG (control), DCG (AXN), DGM (metformin), DGP1 (MKU1), DGP2 (MKU3), and DGP3 (MKU7), and biochemical data like serum glucose, insulin, AngII, ACE, HbA1c, and TNF-alpha levels were measured until 90 days. Our results suggest that oral administration with MKU1, MKU3, or MKU7 significantly improved serum insulin levels, glycemic control, glucose tolerance, and body weight. Additionally, beta-cell mass was increased by preserving islet integrity in Lactobacillus-treated diabetic rats, whereas TNF-alpha (similar to 40%), AngII (similar to 30%), and ACE levels (similar to 50%) were strongly inhibited and enhanced sIgA production (5.8 folds) abundantly. Furthermore, Lactobacillus administration positively influenced the gut microbiome with a significant increase in the abundance of Lactobacillus species and the beneficial Bacteroides uniformis and Bacteroides fragilis, while decreased the pathogenic Proteus vulgaris and Parabacteroides distasonis. Among the probiotic treatment groups, L. pentosus MKU3 performed greatly in almost all parameters, indicating its potential use for alleviating diabetes-associated complications.
Effects of dietary energy level on antioxidant capability, immune function and rectal microbiota in late gestation donkeys; Introduction This study investigated the effects of dietary energy level on the antioxidant capability, immune function, and rectal microbiota in donkey jennets during the last 60 days of gestation.Methods Fifteen pregnant DeZhou donkeys with age of 6.0 +/- 0.1 years, body weight of 292 +/- 33 kg, parity of 2.7 +/- 0.1 parities and similar expected date of confinement (74 +/- 4 days) were randomly allocated to three groups and feed three diets: high energy (10.92 MJ/kg, H), medium energy (10.49 MJ/kg, M), and low energy (9.94 MJ/kg, L).Results and Discussion The serum activity of catalase (CAT), total superoxide dismutase (T-SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) in group M was significantly higher, whereas the concentrations of malondialdehyde (MDA), interleukin 1 (IL-1), IL-2, and IL-6 were lower than those recorded for groups H and L (p <= 0.05). The dietary energy level significantly affected rectal microbial community structure in the jennet donkeys 35 days and 7 days before the parturition (p <= 0.05). The abundances of norank_f_norank_o_Coriobacteriales genus was significantly higher (p <= 0.05) in group H, and the abundances of norank_f_norank_o_Mollicutes_RF39 and the Candidatus_Saccharimonas were higher in group L (p <= 0.05). The abundance of Fibrobacter in group M was significantly increased (p <= 0.05). The abundance of norank_f_norank_o_Coriobacteriales was positively correlated with average daily gain (ADG) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations (p <= 0.05). The abundance of norank_f_norank_o_Mollicutes_RF39 was positively correlated with IL-2 and IL-6 concentrations. The abundance of Candidatus_Saccharimonas was positively correlated with CAT, T-SOD and GSH-Px activities (p <= 0.05). The abundance of Fibrobacter was positively correlated with CAT and T-SOD activities (p <= 0.05), but negatively correlated with IL-2 concentration (p <= 0.05). In conclusion, an appropriate dietary with an energy content of 10.49 MJ/kg for jennet donkeys during late gestation increased the prenatal antioxidant capacity, reduced inflammatory cytokines, and promoted fetal growth, and these changes were related to diet-induced changes in rectal microbiota compositions.
Effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation on intestinal inflammation and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in a neonatal rat model; Inasmuch as long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA, metabolites of the essential n-3 and n-6 fatty acids) are known to modulate inflammation, we hypothesized that supplementation of formula with these compounds would prevent necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and intestinal inflammation in our neonatal rat model. Newborn rats were stressed with asphyxia and formula feeding, and randomly assigned to control formula, control with PUFA supplementation, and PUFA with nucleotides. Animals were followed for 72-96 h and assessed for death, gross and histologic NEC, intestinal apoptosis, endotoxemia, and intestinal mRNA synthesis of phospholipase A(2)-II (rate-limiting enzyme for platelet activating factor production), platelet activating factor receptor, and inducible nitric oxide synthase. We found that PUFA reduced the incidence of death and NEC compared with the other groups (NEC 8 of 24 versus 17 of 24 control and 13 of 23 PUFA + nucleotides, p < 0.05). Furthermore, PUFA reduced plasma endotoxemia at 48 h (25 +/- 4 EU/mL versus 276 +/- 39 EU/mL in control and 170 +/- 28 EU/mL in PUFA + nucleotide), intestinal phospholipase A(2)-II expression at 24 h, and platelet activating factor receptor expression at 48 h. Formula supplementation had no effect on apoptosis of intestinal epithelium or intestinal inducible nitric oxide synthase expression. Addition of nucleotides with PUFA abrogated the beneficial effects of PUFA on intestinal inflammation. We conclude that PUFA reduces the incidence of NEC and intestinal inflammation in a neonatal rat model.
Effect of corn processing on growth performance, carcass characteristics, and plasma glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide and metabolite concentrations in feedlot cattle; The objectives of this trial were to evaluate the association between corn processing, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) concentration, and intramuscular (IM) fat deposition. We hypothesized that steers fed whole shelled corn (WSC) would have a greater IM fat deposition than steers fed cracked corn (CC) due to an increase in plasma GIP concentration. Backgrounded, Angus-cross cattle (initial body weight [BW] = 279 +/- 9.8 kg) were used in a randomized complete block design in a feedlot setting for an average of 230 d. Cattle were allotted in 12 pens (6 pens per treatment with 8 animals per pen). There were three blocks: heifers (n = 32, initial BW = 265 +/- 1.3 kg), small steers (n = 32, initial BW = 262 +/- 1.3 kg), and large steers (n = 32, initial BW = 310 +/- 1.4 kg). Two pens within each block were randomly assigned to one of the following treatments: 1) CC or 2) WSC. Animal growth performance, carcass characteristics, and plasma hormone and metabolite concentrations were analyzed using the MIXED procedure of SAS, including the fixed effects of treatment, or treatment, time, and their interaction. Pen and block were included as random effects. Carcass yield and quality grade distributions were compared using the GLIMMIX procedure of SAS. including the fixed effects of treatment and time with pen and block as random effects. Linear regression was used to evaluate the association of plasma GIP concentration and IM fat content. Average daily gain (P = 0.57) and final BW (P = 0.34) were similar, regardless of treatment. Cattle fed CC had reduced (P < 0.01) dry matter intake (DMI) when compared with those fed WSC. This lesser DMI resulted in improved gain:feed ratio (P < 0.01) for cattle fed CC compared with cattle fed WSC. There was no effect (P <= 0.33) of corn processing on plasma glucose, plasma GIP concentrations, hot carcass weight, dressing percentage, or marbling score. There was a positive linear relationship (P = 0.03) between IM fat concentration and plasma GIP concentration. In conclusion, feeding CC increased gain:feed ratio compared with WSC, but there was no difference in plasma GIP concentration, whereas plasma GIP concentration appears to be related to IM fat deposition.
Identification of candidate proteins regulated by long-term caloric restriction and feed efficiency in <i>longissimus</i> <i>dorsi</i> muscle in Korean native steer; We aimed to investigate candidate proteins related to long-term caloric restriction and feed efficiency in bovine longissimus dorsi muscle (LM). A total of 31 Korean native steers were randomly distributed to ad libitum (n = 16) or caloric restriction group (n = 15) to conduct two feeding trials for 13 mon. In the first trial (10-18 mon of age), steers were fed with 100% ad libitum (NEg = 0.63 Mcal/kg) or caloric restriction (80% of the previous day's feed intake of ad libitum group). In the second trial (18-23 mon of age), the energy value of 100% ad libitum diet was 1.13 Mcal/kg NEg and those in caloric restriction group diet was 0.72 Mcal/kg NEg. At the endpoint of this experiment, in each group, 6 animals were selected with high (n = 3) or low feed efficiency (n = 3) to collect muscle tissue samples (6 animals/group). From muscle tissues of 23 mo of age, we excavated 9 and 12 differentially expressed (two-fold or more) proteins in a nutritional group and feed efficiency group using two-dimensional electrophoresis, respectively. Of these proteins, heat shock protein beta-6 was up-regulated in both the caloric restriction and the low feed efficiency group. In bovine embryonic fibroblasts, the mRNA expression of heat shock protein beta-6 increased after adipogenic differentiation, however, decreased after myogenic differentiation. Our data provide that heat shock protein beta-6 may be an adipogenic protein involved in the mechanism of caloric restriction and feed efficiency in the LM of the steer.
BREAST-CANCER AND SERUM ORGANOCHLORINES - A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY AMONG WHITE, BLACK, AND ASIAN WOMEN; Background: Five small case-control studies have examined the relationship between exposure to organochlorines and the risk of breast cancer and have found inconsistent results. In these studies, organochlorine levels in breast cancer patients were measured after (or at most 6 months before) diagnosis. Purpose: We tested the hypothesis that organochlorines are a risk factor for breast cancer, using prospectively gathered data on serum levels of DDE [1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene] (the main metabolite of the pesticide DDT [2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)-1,1,1-trichloroethane]) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Methods: Study subjects belonged to a cohort of 57 040 women (46 629 white, 8123 black, and 2288 Asian) from the San Francisco Bay Area who took a multiphasic health examination, independent of concern about risk of breast cancer, in the late 1960s. At that time, a sample of blood was obtained, then frozen and stored. Follow-up was through December 31, 1990. We conducted a nested case-control study of 150 case patients and 150 matched control subjects. A random sample of 50 women per racial/ethnic group who had been diagnosed with breast cancer more than 6 months after the multiphasic examination (mean follow-up = 14.2 years) was selected, and each case patient was matched to a cancer-free control subject. Results: Matched analyses found no differences in the case patients' and control subjects' serum levels of DDE (mean difference = 0.2 parts per billion [ppb]; 95% confidence interval [CI] = -6.7, 7.2) or PCBs (mean difference = -0.4 ppb; 95% CI = -0.8, 0.1). DDE levels, however, tended to be higher among black case patients compared with black controls (mean difference 5.7 ppb; 95% CI = -3.3, 14.8), and PCBs were lower among white case patients compared with white controls (mean difference = -0.6 ppb; 95% CI = -1.2, -0.1). Organochlorine levels were significantly higher among black and Asian women compared with white women. The mean difference for DDE was 11.0 ppb for black women (95% CI = 4.3, 17.6) and 12.6 ppb for Asian women (95% CI = 6.0, 19.2); for PCBs, the respective differences were 0.8 ppb for black women (95% CI = 0.2, 1.4) and 1.4 ppb for Asian women (95% CI = 0.8, 1.9). The results were not altered by adjusting for relevant confounders, and the lack of association between exposure to organochlorines and breast cancer was present regardless of length of follow-up, year of diagnosis, or the case patient's menopausal and estrogen-receptor status, Conclusion: The data do not support the hypothesis that exposure to DDE and PCBs increases risk of breast cancer. Implications: Future investigations must consider the biologic mechanisms involved and variations in exposure to chemical pollutants and of breast cancer incidence rates among diverse groups of women.
Effects of tallow, choice white grease, palm oil, corn oil, or soybean oil on apparent total tract digestibility of minerals in diets fed to growing pigs; An experiment was conducted to determine the effect of supplementing diets fed to growing pigs with fat sources differing in their composition of fatty acids on the apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of minerals. A diet based on corn, potato protein isolate, and 7% sucrose was formulated. Five additional diets that were similar to the previous diet with the exception that sucrose was replaced by 7% tallow, choice white grease, palm oil, corn oil, or soybean oil were also formulated. Diets were formulated to contain 0.70% Ca and 0.33% standardized total tract digestible P. Growing barrows (n = 60; 15.99 +/- 1.48 kg initial BW) were allotted to a randomized complete block design with 2 blocks of 30 pigs, 6 dietary treatments, and 10 replicate pigs per treatment. Experimental diets were provided for 12 d with the initial 5 d being the adaptation period. Total feces were collected for a 5-d collection period using the marker-to-marker approach, and the ATTD of minerals, ether extract, and acid hydrolyzed ether extract was calculated for all diets. Digestibility of DM was greater (P < 0.05) in the diet containing soybean oil compared with the diet containing choice white grease or the basal diet, with all other diets being intermediate. The ATTD of Ca, S, and P was greater (P < 0.05) for pigs fed diets containing soybean oil, corn oil, palm oil, or tallow than for pigs fed the basal diet or the diet containing choice white grease. The ATTD of Mg, Zn, Mn, Na, and K were not different among dietary treatments. The ATTD of ether extract was greater (P < 0.05) in diets containing palm oil, corn oil, or soybean oil compared with the diet containing choice white grease, and the ATTD of acid hydrolyzed ether extract in the diet containing soybean oil was also greater (P < 0.05) than in the diet containing choice white grease. In conclusion, supplementation of a basal diet with tallow, palm oil, corn oil, or soybean oil may increase the ATTD of some macrominerals, but that appears not to be the case if choice white grease is used. There was no evidence of negative effects of the fat sources used in this experiment on the ATTD of any minerals.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> NCFM on insulin sensitivity and the systemic inflammatory response in human subjects; According to animal studies, intake of probiotic bacteria may improve glucose homeostasis. We hypothesised that probiotic bacteria improve insulin sensitivity by attenuating systemic inflammation. Therefore, the effects of oral supplementation with the probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM on insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory response were investigated in subjects with normal or impaired insulin sensitivity. In a double-blinded, randomised fashion, forty-five males with type 2 diabetes, impaired or normal glucose tolerance were enrolled and allocated to a 4-week treatment course with either L. acidophilus NCFM or placebo. L. acidophilus was detected in stool samples by denaturating gradient gel electrophoresis and real-time PCR. Separated by the 4-week intervention period, two hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamps were performed to estimate insulin sensitivity. Furthermore, the systemic inflammatory response was evaluated by subjecting the participants to Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide injection (0.3 ng/kg) before and after the treatment course. L. acidophilus NCFM was detected in 75% of the faecal samples after treatment with the probiotic bacterium. Insulin sensitivity was preserved among volunteers in the L. acidophilus NCFM group, whereas it decreased in the placebo group. Both baseline inflammatory markers and the systemic inflammatory response were, however, unaffected by the intervention. In conclusion, intake of L. acidophilus NCFM for 4 weeks preserved insulin sensitivity compared with placebo, but did not affect the systemic inflammatory response.
Interaction between dietary fat and exercise on excess postexercise oxygen consumption; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of increased physical activity on subsequent sleeping energy expenditure (SEE) measured in a whole room calorimeter under differing levels of dietary fat. We hypothesized that increased physical activity would increase SEE. Six healthy young men participated in a randomized, single-blind, crossover study. Subjects repeated an 8-day protocol under four conditions separated by at least 7 days. During each condition, subjects consumed an isoenergetic diet consisting of 37% fat, 15% protein, and 48% carbohydrate for the first 4 days, and for the following 4 days SEE and energy balance were measured in a respiration chamber. The first chamber day served as a baseline measurement, and for the remaining 3 days diet and activity were randomly assigned as high-fat/exercise, high-fat/sedentary, low-fat/exercise, or low-fat/sedentary. Energy balance was not different between conditions. When the dietary fat was increased to 50%, SEE increased by 7.4% during exercise (P < 0.05) relative to being sedentary (baseline day), but SEE did not increase with exercise when fat was lowered to 20%. SEE did not change when dietary fat was manipulated under sedentary conditions. Physical activity causes an increase in SEE when dietary fat is high (50%) but not when dietary fat is low (20%). Dietary fat content influences the impact of postexercise-induced increases in SEE. This finding may help explain the conflicting data regarding the effect of exercise on energy expenditure.
Effects of <i>Megasphaera elsdenii</i> administration on performance and carcass traits of finishing <i>Bos indicus</i> feedlot cattle; This study evaluated the effects of Megasphaera elsdenii administration at the beginning of the feedlot period on performance of Bos taurus indicus bulls. On d 0, 383 Nellore bulls (initial shrunk body weight 384 +/- 29.2 kg; initial age = 24 +/- 2 mo) were assigned to treatments in a randomized complete block design. Treatments consisted of 1) 14 d adaptation diet and transition to a finishing diet (CONT), 2) CONT plus oral administration of 20 mL of Lactipro-NXT (M. elsdenii) on d 0 of the study (MEG-14), 3) CONT diet, consisting of 6 d of adaptation diet plus oral administration of 20 mL of Lactipro-NXT on d 0 of the study (MEG-6), and 4) No adaptation diet and oral administration of 20 mL of Lactipro-NXT on d 0 of the study (MEG-0). Experimental period lasted 119 d. No treatment effects were observed for any of the performance parameters evaluated herein (P >= 0.15). Nonetheless, a treatment x wk interaction was observed for DM, NEm, and NEg intakes (P < 0.0001). For all these parameters, MEG-0 and MEG-6 had a reduced intake vs. MEG-14 and CONT in the first wk of the study (P <= 0.05). For the carcass traits, no effects were observed for HCW (P >= 0.24), whereas MEG-6 had a greater REA when compared with MEG-0 and MEG-14 (quadratic effect; P = 0.04) and MEG-administered bulls tended to have a greater BFT vs. CONT (P = 0.08). In summary, M. elsdenii administration at the beginning of the feedlot period did not improve performance, whereas reducing the length of the adaptation period for 6 d improved REA of finishing Bos taurus indicus bulls.
Associations between intake of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus and risk of pancreatic cancer: a population-based, case-control study in Minnesota; Experimental studies suggest that abnormal levels of Ca, Mg and phosphorus are implicated in pancreatic carcinogenesis. We investigated the associations between intakes of these minerals and the risk of pancreatic cancer in a case-control study conducted in 1994-1998. Cases of pancreatic cancer (n 150) were recruited from all hospitals in the metropolitan area of the Twin Cities and Mayo Clinic, Minnesota. Controls (n 459) were randomly selected from the general population and frequency matched to cases by age, sex and race. All dietary variables were adjusted for energy intake using the residual method prior to data analysis. Logistic regression was performed to evaluate the associations between intake of three nutrients examined and the risk of pancreatic cancer. Total intake of Ca (936 v. 1026 mg/d) and dietary intake of Mg (315 v. 331 mg/d) and phosphorus (1350 v. 1402 mg/d) were significantly lower in cases than in controls. After adjustment for confounders, there were not significant associations of total and dietary intakes of Ca, Mg and phosphorus with the risk of pancreatic cancer. In addition, no significant interactions exist between intakes of these minerals and total fat on pancreatic cancer risk. In conclusion, the present study does not suggest that intakes of Ca, Mg and phosphorus were significantly associated with the risk of pancreatic cancer.
Effect of Dietary Calcium Propionate Inclusion Level and Duration in High-Risk Newly Received Stocker Calves: Growth Performance, Body Fat Reserves, and Health; This study utilized fifty bull calves of the Continental x British crossbreed, with an average body weight of 147.0 +/- 1.67 kg (BW), in a completely randomized design. The objective was to examine the impact of varying levels and duration of calcium propionate (CaPr) supplementation on the growth performance, body fat reserves, serum metabolites, and hemogram of high-risk newly received stocker calves. These calves were individually housed and fed a received diet for 56 d. The calves received the following treatments: (1) no CaPr (CTL), (2) 20 g CaPr/calf/d, (3) 40 g CaPr/calf/d, (4) 60 g CaPr/calf/d, and (5) 80 g CaPr/calf/d at 14, 28, 42, and 56 d after their arrival. Supplementing with 20 g CaPr from 28 to 56 d after arrival increased average daily gain (ADG) and BW (p < 0.05), and DMI was not affected (p > 0.05). This was reflected at 28 d with increases (p < 0.05) in the ADG/DMI ratio and longissimus muscle area (LMA), and at 56 d in back fat thickness (BFT) and fat thickness at the rump (FTR). Also, with 20 g, blood urea nitrogen decreased (p < 0.05), and increases were observed in the activity of gamma glutamyltransferase, monocytes (quadratic trend, p < 0.07), and granulocytes % (quadratic effect, p < 0.03). However, as the level of CaPr increased during the first 14 d after arrival, daily water intake, creatinine, total cholesterol, mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (linear effect, p < 0.05), globulin, calcium, and mean corpuscular volume (linear trend, p = 0.08) increased, while alkaline phosphatase (linear trend, p = 0.07) and lymphocytes (linear effect, p = 0.05) decreased. Finally, the different levels of CaPr supplementation did not produce any significant effects or differences (p > 0.05) in the remaining serum metabolites and hemogram (p > 0.05). Ultimately, the inclusion of 20 g CaPr/calf/d in the diet for 28 d in newly received stocker calves increased ADG, ADG/DMI ratio, and LMA. If extended to 42 or 56 d, the increases in ADG persisted, but there was also a rise in body fat reserves (BFT and FTR) at the expense of a reduction in the ADG/DMI ratio. Furthermore, the different supplementation levels did not impact the reference range for most serum metabolites or the health of stocker calves.
Maternal dietary fat affects the LT muscle fatty acid composition of progeny at weaning and finishing stages in pigs; The present study was conducted to investigate whether maternal dietary fat affects the fatty acid composition of the longissimus thoracis (LT) muscle in offspring pigs at weaning and finishing stages. Fourteen sows were randomly assigned to a control or a high fat (HF) group. The HF sows received a diet containing 8% corn oil starting seven days before farrowing until weaning. The results showed that a high-fat diet significantly increased the contents of serum-lipid-related indexes in the sows. Although the triglyceride content did not change, the C18:2n-6 content was higher in the colostrum and in the LT muscle of offspring pigs at both investigated stages. The total n-6 content and the n-6/n-3 ratio generally increased. This study demonstrated that maternal dietary fat during lactation affects the fatty add composition of the LT muscle of progeny at weaning, and can have persistent effects in later life. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Genome-wide association study for backfat thickness in Canchim beef cattle using Random Forest approach; Background: Meat quality involves many traits, such as marbling, tenderness, juiciness, and backfat thickness, all of which require attention from livestock producers. Backfat thickness improvement by means of traditional selection techniques in Canchim beef cattle has been challenging due to its low heritability, and it is measured late in an animal's life. Therefore, the implementation of new methodologies for identification of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) linked to backfat thickness are an important strategy for genetic improvement of carcass and meat quality.
Effects of increasing levels of soybean hulls in finishing diets of feedlot cattle fed free-choice hay on performance, roughage intake, and carcass characteristics; Objectives: Our objective was to evaluate the effects of incremental inclusion rates of dietary soybean hulls (SH) on finishing performance, roughage intake (RI), and carcass characteristics in feedlot cattle fed free-choice hay.
Organochlorine in the serum of inhabitants living near an electrochemical factory; Objectives-To measure the impact of occupational and lifestyle factors on concentrations of organochlorine compounds in a general population sample living near an electrochemical factory with a high airborne concentration of hexachlorobenzene (HCB).
The impact of breastfeeding Translating recent evidence for practice; Background
Changes in molecular species composition of triacylglycerol in subcutaneous fat from beef cattle during fattening; The composition of the molecular species of triacylglycerols (TG) in subcutaneous fat biopsied from Japanese Black steers was studied during the fattening period. An analysis of the fatty acid (FA) composition of the TG showed that palmitic, palmitoleic, stearic and oleic acids were the major FA, together accounting for over 80% of the total FA. The concentrations of C14:0, C16:0 and C18:0 decreased between 10 and 30 months of age, while those of C16:1 c9 and C18:1 c9 increased during the fattening period. The major molecular species among more than 40 compounds were palmitoyl-dioleoyl-glycerol (POO) and dipalmitoyl-oleoyl-glycerol (PPO). POO showed the highest concentration during the fattening period. The levels of palmitoyl-oleoyl-linoleoyl glycerol and some tentatively identified molecular species increased during the fattening period, while the levels of tripalmitoyl, dipalmitoyl-stearoyl-glycerol, palmitoyl-distearoyl and palmitoyl-stearoyl-oleoyl-glycerol decreased with growth. A comparison of the experimental values of TG molecular species with theoretical values derived from the experimental FA contents showed that the FA distribution in TG was non-random. TG synthesis favors the formation of TG molecular species containing at least one C16 FA, rather than three C18 FA.
Fatty Acid Proportions in Plasma Cholesterol Esters and Phospholipids Are Positively Correlated in Various Swedish Populations; Background: Fatty acid (FA) proportions in cholesterol esters (CEs) and plasma phospholipids are widely used as dietary biomarkers. Information on how proportions in these fractions correlate could have implications for interpretation and use of FA biomarkers in observational and interventional studies.
Effects of Dietary Fat Sources during Late Gestation on Colostrum Quality and Mammary Gland Inflammation in Lipopolysaccharide-Challenged Sows; Simple Summary In the present study, late gestating sows were challenged with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) endotoxin, which can impair the immune system of mammary gland cells and result in an inflammatory response. Additionally, the LPS-treated sows were fed 3% soybean oil (SO), 3% coconut oil (CO) or 3% fish oil (FO) diets and were used to study the effect of fat sources on the colostrum quality and mammary gland inflammation of sows exposed to immune challenge. The results show that FO inclusion exerted anti-inflammatory effects in mammary glands and counteracted the LPS-induced damaged colostrum synthesis and pro-inflammatory response when compared to CO diets. These findings suggest that fatty acid profiles of different oil types in late gestation differentially affect metabolic health in sows, but a longer period of FO supplementation to sows is needed to determine a positive effect on piglets. This study aimed to investigate the effects of maternal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge and dietary fat sources on colostrum quality and inflammatory response in sows. Sixty Landrace x Yorkshire sows were randomly assigned to three dietary treatments supplemented with 3% soybean oil (SO), 3% coconut oil (CO) or 3% fish oil (FO), respectively, from Day 90 of gestation until parturition. On Day 112 of gestation, half the sows from each dietary treatment were challenged with LPS (10 mu g/kg BW) or saline. The results showed that maternal LPS challenge decreased colostrum yield and dry matter content. A similar pattern of changes was observed for body weight gain and colostrum intake in piglets from LPS-challenged sows. Maternal LPS challenge increased the levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), interleukin 1 beta (IL1 beta) and IL6 in colostum, and the mRNA abundance of IL6, IL1 beta and TNF alpha and the phosphorylation level of p65 in mammary glands. However, the responses of these variables to LPS treatment were lower in sows fed a FO diet. In conclusion, maternal immune challenge reduced the growth performance of piglets by decreasing colostrum yield and intake by piglets, and dietary supplementation with FO in sows attenuates the LPS-induced inflammatory response in mammary glands.
Circulating Saturated Fatty Acids and Incident Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The effect of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) on incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) is controversial and few have systematically appraised the evidence. We conducted a comprehensive search of prospective studies examining these relationships that were published in PubMed, Web of Science, or EMBASE from 21 February 1989 to 21 February 2019. A total of 19 studies were included for systematic review and 10 for meta-analysis. We estimated the summarized relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) using a random (if I-2 > 50%) or a fixed effects model (if I-2 50%). Although the included studies reported inconclusive results, the majority supported a protective effect of odd-chain and an adverse impact of even-chain SFAs. Meta-analysis showed that the per standard deviation (SD) increase in odd-chain SFAs was associated with a reduced risk of incident T2D (C15:0: 0.86, 0.76-0.98; C17:0: 0.76, 0.59-0.97), while a per SD increase in one even-chain SFA was associated with an increased risk of incident T2D (C14:0: 1.13, 1.09-1.18). No associations were found between other SFAs and incident T2D. In conclusion, our findings suggest an overall protective effect of odd-chain SFAs and the inconclusive impact of even- and very-long-chain SFAs on incident T2D.
Changes in the salt content of packaged foods sold in supermarkets between 2015-2020 in the United Kingdom: A repeated cross-sectional study; Background
Effects of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> TD3 on moderation of cholesterol biosynthesis pathway in rats; Objective(s): Prevalence of high-fat food consumption, such as fast foods is one of the major causes of hypercholesterolemia, which can lead to cardiovascular diseases. 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarylcoenzyme A reductase (HMGCR) and cytochrome P450 7A1 (CYP7A1) are two key genes in cholesterol metabolism. Use of probiotics in the diet is a promising approach for modulation of serum lipid. To confirm the modulation of serum lipids by probiotics, in this study, we have examined the efficacy of Lactobacillus paracasei TD3 in improving blood cholesterol levels.
The protective effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk on high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury; The effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk (fermented by mixture of Bifidobacterium bifidum, Lactobacillus casei, and L plantarum) on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury were examined. CS7BL/ 6N mice were randomly assigned into four groups that were treated with different diets: normal chow (NC), HFD, HFD with probiotic-fermented soymilk and HFD with non-fermented soymilk. After treatment for 6 weeks, probiotic-fermented soymilk treatment significantly reduced HFD-induced body weight gain, hyperlipidemia, liver fat accumulation and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. In addition, probiotic-fermented soymilk consumption significantly reduced the levels of serum alanine aminotransfera se (ALT), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and liver tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) compared with the HFD treatment. Further, probiotic-fermented soymilk significantly increased the serum leptin level. In conclusion, probiotic-fermented soymilk reduced hyperlipidemia and liver injury induced by HFD. The role of probiotic-fermented soymilk may decrease the production of liver LPS, TNF-alpha, and oxidative stress and induce adipose leptin and triacylglycerol hydrolase (TGH) production. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> BB536 on lipid profile and histopathological changes in hypercholesterolaemic rats; The present study investigated the effects of Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on lipid profile, liver and kidney function, and body fat in hypercholesterolaemic rats. 40 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups. The negative control group received a standard diet. The positive control group received a cholesterol-enriched diet, whereas the intervention groups received a cholesterol-enriched diet supplemented with B. longum BB536 alone or in combination with inulin or Mangifera pajang fibrous polysaccharides. After 8 weeks, plasma lipids, and liver and kidney function were tested. Intake of the cholesterol-enriched diet increased total cholesterol, alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, creatinine, urea, liver weight, adipose tissue weight, liver lipid deposition and adipocyte size. B. longum BB536 supplementation significantly reduced total cholesterol, liver lipid deposition and adipocyte size, and positively affected liver and kidney function. These effects were significantly increased in the presence of inulin and M. pajang fibrous polysaccharides.
The effect of <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> subsp <i>paracasei</i> L. casei W8® on blood levels of triacylglycerol is independent of colonisation; Gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis has been linked to obesity and its metabolic complications such as cardiovascular disease (CVD). The risk of developing CVD increases with elevated concentration of serum triacylglycerol (TAG). In a blinded, randomised two-arm parallel human intervention study we have previously found that four weeks of supplementation with Lactobacillus paracasei subsp. paracasei L. casei W8 (R) (L. casei W8) compared to placebo reduced the concentration of TAG in 64 young healthy adults, an effect, likely mediated by a decreased stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1) activity. In the present study we analysed faecal samples obtained during the intervention study to investigate whether this effect was related to the ability of L. casei W8 to colonise the human gut after supplementation of L. casei W8 (10(10) cfu daily) as determined by qPCR specific for L. paracasei and L. casei (L. casei group); whether L. casei W8 consumption affected GM composition as determined by 16S rRNA gene targeted 454/FLX amplicon sequencing; and whether these changes were associated with changes in TAG concentration and SCD1 activity. Faecal samples were collected at baseline, after four weeks supplementation and two weeks after the supplementation was ended, and fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and after 4 weeks. Four weeks supplementation with L. casei W8 did not affect the overall composition of the GM; however, an increase in the relative abundance of the L. casei group from 8.48x10(-6)% of the total GM compared to 2.83x10(-3)% at baseline (P<0.001) was observed. Two weeks after supplementation ended, the relative abundance of the L. casei group was still increased 14 times compared to before the intervention (P<0.01). However, neither the increase in the abundance of the L. casei group nor overall GM composition correlated with changes in blood lipids or SCD1 activity.
Dietary Restraint and Control Over "Wanting" Following Consumption of "Forbidden" Food; Eating behavior can be influenced by the rewarding value of food, i.e., "liking" and "wanting." The objective of this study was to assess in normal-weight dietary restrained (NR) vs. unrestrained (NU) eaters how rewarding value of food is affected by satiety, and by eating a nonhealthy perceived, dessert-specific food vs. a healthy perceived, neutral food (chocolate mousse vs. cottage cheese). Subjects (24NR age = 25.0 +/- 8.2 years, BMI = 22.3 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2); 26NU age = 24.8 +/- 8.0 years, BMI = 22.1 +/- 1.7 kg/m(2)) came to the university twice, fasted (randomized crossover design). Per test-session "liking" and "wanting" for 72 items divided in six categories (bread, filling, drinks, dessert, sweets, stationery (placebo)) was measured, before and after consumption of chocolate mousse/cottage cheese, matched for energy content (5.6 kJ/g) and individual daily energy requirements (10%). Chocolate mousse was liked more than cottage cheese (P < 0.05). After consumption of chocolate mousse or cottage cheese, appetite and "liking" vs. placebo were decreased in NR and NU (P < 0.03), whereas "wanting" was only decreased in NR vs. NU (P <= 0.01). In NR vs. NU "wanting" was specifically decreased after chocolate mousse vs. cottage cheese; this decrease concerned especially "wanting" for bread and filling (P < 0.05). To conclude, despite similar decreases in appetite and "liking" after a meal in NR and NU, NR decrease "wanting" in contrast to NU. NR decrease " wanting" specifically for a nonhealthy perceived, "delicious," dessert-specific food vs. a nutritional identical, yet healthy perceived, slightly less "delicious," "neutral" food. A healthy perceived food may thus impose greater risk for control of energy intake in NR.
Dietary Calcium Intake and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta- Analysis; Growing evidence has suggested a possible relationship between dietary calcium intake and metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk. However, the findings of these observational studies are inconclusive, and the dose-response association between calcium intake and risk of MetS remains to be determined. Here, we identified relevant studies by searching PubMed and Web of Science databases up to December 2018, and selected observational studies reporting relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for MetS based on calcium intake and estimated the summary RRs using random-effects models. Eight cross-sectional and two prospective cohort studies totaling 63,017 participants with 14,906 MetS cases were identified. A significantly reduced risk of MetS was associated with the highest levels of dietary calcium intake (RR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.80-0.99; I-2= 75.3%), with stronger association and less heterogeneity among women (RR: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.66-0.83; I-2= 0.0%) than among men (RR: 1.06, 95% CI: 0.82-1.37; I-2 = 72.6%). Our dose-response analysis revealed that for each 300 mg/day increase in calcium intake, the risk of MetS decreased by 7% (RR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.87-0.99; I-2= 77.7%). In conclusion, our findings suggest that dietary calcium intake may be inversely associated with the risk of MetS. These findings may have important public health implications with respect to preventing the disease. Further studies, in particular longitudinal cohort studies and randomized clinical trials, will be necessary to determine whether calcium supplementation is effective to prevent MetS.
Effect of fish oil supplementation and forage source on Holstein bulls performance, carcass characteristics and fatty acids profile; Thirty-six Holstein bulls (initial body weight, 345 +/- 61 kg) were randomly assigned to six dietary treatments with a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement, with two levels of AH (alfalfa hay) (10 and 20% of AH) combining with three levels of FO (fish oil) (0, 1 and 2.1% of DM) to investigate the effects of AH proportion and FO supplementation on performance, carcase characteristics, and meat fatty acids profile. DMI (dry matter intake) (kg/day) was lower (p < .01) for high (8.0) than for low (8.7) AH. Highest level of FO reduced DMI (p < .01) regardless of AH level. Dietary inclusion of FO increased the concentration of VA (p < .01), CLA (p < .01) and n-3 (p < .01) fatty acids which subsequently reduced n-6: n-3 (p < .01). The results indicate that AH can be replaced by corn (zea mays) silage to mitigate the detrimental effect of supplemented fat on dry matter intake. Moreover, FO can be supplemented to feedlot diet to enrich ruminant products without deleterious effects on carcase characteristics.
Effect of pelleted total mixed rations with different levels of intact rapeseed on performance, carcass traits, serum biochemical indices and meat quality of Boer goats; The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of intact rapeseed (IR) supplementation in goat total mixed ration (TMR) pellets on performance, carcass traits, serum biochemical indices and meat quality. Forty-eight healthy Boer goats with similar initial bodyweight (12.52 +/- 1.48 kg) were randomly assigned to four treatment groups, dietary containing 0%, 2.5%, 5.0% and 7.5% IR, respectively. The results showed that IR had no significant effect on weight gain and average daily feed intake, but 7.5% IR significantly decreased F/G (P < 0.05). There were no significant difference among all groups in carcass weight, dressing percentage, visceral fat, liver, kidney and rumen weight, but IR significantly increased the rumen index (P < 0.05). IR supplementation significantly increased serum total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein and triglyceride level (P < 0.05), but had no effect on serum free triiodothyronine, free thyroxine, aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotransferase level. In meat quality, IR had no significant influence on meat colour value, pH, water loss rate, cooked meat rate, crude protein, crude ash, total cholesterol content and amino acid composition, but could increase the meat fat content and the relative content of linolenic acid (C18:3, cis-9, 12, 15), eicosenoic acid (C20:1, cis-11) and decrease the relative content of palmitic acid (C16:0), margaric acid (C17:0) and heptadecenoic acid (C17:1, cis-10) (P < 0.05). In conclusion, when adding amount in TMR pellets reached 7.5%, IR had almost no adverse effects on growth performance, carcass traits, liver and thyroid function of Boer goats. Conversely, it could reduce F/G and improve ruminal development and the meat quality to some extent.
Adaptive changes in thyroid function of female rats fed a high-fat and low-protein diet during gestation and lactation; The percent of lipids in the western diet has been continuously increasing in the last decades and is associated with a decrease in the proportion of protein intake. Recently, we demonstrated that protein malnutrition during lactation is associated with lower body weight and thyroid hypofunction in female rats and their offspring. Our objective in the present study was to determine if a high-fat and low-protein diet was associated with similar changes. Three-month-old female Wistar rats were randomly assigned to one of the following groups with 8 animals each: high-fat and low-protein (40% lipid, 5% protein, and 55% carbohydrate of the total energy content) from the 3rd week of gestation to the end of lactation; control group - standard diet (11% lipid, 23% protein, and 66% carbohydrate of the total energy content). Food consumption and body weight were monitored daily. Serum thyrotropin and thyroid hormone concentrations were determined by specific radioimmunoassay at the end of lactation. Animals receiving high-fat and low-protein diet had a significantly lower body weight (13.9% at weaning, P < 0.05) and serum albumin (25%, P < 0.05) and thyrotropin (26.2%, P < 0.01) concentrations, and a higher serum triiodothyronine concentration (74%, P < 0.005) and I-131-thyroid uptake (77%, P < 0.005). These data show that a high-fat and low-protein diet can promote maternal thyroid hyperfunction that differs from the thyroid hypofunction observed in dams fed a low-protein diet, a phenomenon that can be of adaptive importance for pup nurturing.
Dietary diversity score is favorably associated with the metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults; OBJECTIVE: Assessing overall diet instead of the effects of a single nutrient on diet-disease relations may be more informative. This study was conducted to evaluate the relationship between dietary diversity score (DDS) and metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study.
Protective effects of vitamin E and omeprazole on the hypoxia/reoxygenation induced intestinal injury in newborn rats; Evaluation of prophylactic effects of omeprazole and/or vitamin E on the formation of free oxygen radicals (FOR) and bowel histopathology in the newborn rat model of hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R) that resembles human necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Eighty newborn rats were randomly divided into eight groups. H/R was done using airtight chamber. Rats were exposed to 100% CO2 for 15 min followed by a reoxygenation for the next 15 min with 100% O-2. Group 1 (n = 10) was the control group. Group 2 (n = 10) rats received vitamin E. In Group 3 (n = 10) omeprazole was administrated. Group 4 (n = 10) rats received omeprazole and vitamin E. Group 5 (n = 10) rats were subjected to H/R two times for 2 days and one time for 3 days. Group 6 (n = 10) received vitamin E in addition to H/R for 5 days and in Group 7 (n = 10) omeprazole in addition to H/R for 5 days. In Group 8 (n = 10), vitamin E and omeprazole and H/R were applied for 5 days. Rats were killed at the end of the each process and bowel specimens were harvested for histopathological and biochemical investigations. We administrated vitamin E intramuscularly 300 unit/kg per day and omeprazole orally 20 mg/kg per day. Malondialdehyde (MDA), xanthine oxidase (XO), xanthine dehydogenase (XDH) and XO/(XO + XDH) were measured. Vitamin E and/or omeprazole treated rats had significantly less XO% levels than H/R only group (0.36, 0.38 and 0.57, respectively). Similarly, the MDA levels were significantly lower in vitamin E and/or omeprazole received rats than H/R only rats (88.8, 97.9 and 122.6, respectively). All rats treated with omeprazole and/or vitamin E had better biochemical and histopathological levels compared to H/R rats (p < 0.05). Histopathological results show that Group 5 (H/R only) had significantly more intestinal damage when compared with Group 6 (vitamin E + H/R), Group 7 (omeprazole + R/H) and Group 8 (vitamin E + omeprazole + H/R) (p < 0.001). Grade 2 and 3 intestinal damages were only in Group 5 and there were no statistical difference between in Groups 6, 7 and 8 (p > 0.001). Omeprazole and/or vitamin E may protect the biochemical and histopathological intestinal damage of H/R injury in rats. These drugs may be beneficial in the prophylaxis of NEC in humans as well.
The effect of supplementing rumen undegradable unsaturated fatty acids on marbling in early-weaned steers; The objective of this study was to determine if supplementation with a rumen undegradable unsaturated fatty acids (FA) source improved marbling deposition in early-weaned steers. All steers (Angus, n = 23; Angus x Hereford, n = 24) were weaned at 150 +/- 5 d of age. Steers were blocked by BW and breed and then randomly assigned to either control (CON; average 1.5 kg of corn gluten feed [CGF], n = 23) or isocaloric supplementation containing a rumen undegradable fat source (RUF; 200 g of Megalac-R added to an average of 1.06 kg of CGF, n = 24) offered 5 d/wk for 110 d. All steers had ad libitum access to pastures throughout treatment and received supplements individually. Steer BW and blood samples were collected at 0, 55, and 110 d of supplementation, and real-time ultrasound measurements were collected at d 110. Following treatment, steers were transported to Oklahoma State University for finishing and subsequent harvesting at a commercial plant. All data were analyzed using the PROC MIXED procedure of SAS either as repeated measures or ANOVA depending on parameters. There were no significant changes in BW from the beginning of treatment to harvest due to treatment. Ultrasound data showed that RUF steers tended (P = 0.08) to have more i.m. fat than CON at d 110. Serum concentrations of FA showed a treatment x day interaction (P < 0.02) for 16:0, 18:0, 18:1c-9, 18:2, 20: 4, and total FA. These specific FA concentrations slightly increased in CON steers, but there was a more pronounced increase in the concentration of these FA across the supplementation period in RUF steers. Serum triglyceride and cholesterol concentrations were increased (P < 0.01) on d 55 and 110 in RUF steers compared with those in CON steers. Serum leptin concentration in RUF steers was greater (P < 0.01) than CON steers at d 110. After harvest, RUF carcasses had greater (P = 0.01) marbling scores than those of CON carcasses. All other carcass measures were similar between treatments. The percentage of total lipids was increased (P = 0.011) in steaks from RUF compared to CON. There was a decrease (P < 0.05) in adipocyte diameter in i.m. fat depot of RUF steers compared to CON. There was also a tendency (P = 0.06) for RUF steers to have a greater percentage of 20 to 30 mu m adipocytes in their i.m. depot than CON steers. This study indicates that supplementation of unsaturated FA can positively impact marbling deposition in early-weaned steers without impacting other carcass measures.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-<i>p</i>-dioxins, dibenzofurans and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in placentas from the Spanish INMA birth cohort study; Because fetuses are considered significantly more sensitive to various environment toxicants, there is a need for continuous biomonitoring of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls PCBs (DL-PCBs) to assess their impact on this susceptible population. The aim of this study was to assess the concentration of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs in placenta samples from women participating in the Spanish Environment and Childhood (INMA) birth cohort study and to evaluate whether maternal and child characteristics predict placenta concentrations of these pollutants. The presence of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs was investigated in 50 placenta samples selected at random in the recruitment period 2000-2008. Multivariable regression models were constructed. Mothers had a mean age at delivery of 30.7 years (18.0-38.0 years), pre-pregnancy BMI of 23.3 kg/m(2) (18.0-40.2 kg/m(2)), and 31% were smokers. Median total concentrations of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs were 6.9 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid and 2.1 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid, respectively. In comparison to the few previous studies in placenta, total TEQ levels were among the lowest recorded in comparable general populations. The congener distribution pattern and the frequencies and concentrations of PCDD/F and DL-PCB congeners were similar to previous reports in placenta. PCDD/F and DL-PCB exposure was related to the age of the mother and the year of the delivery. Although placental concentrations cannot be considered wholly appropriate predictors for evaluating fetal exposure to these contaminants, they can provide a good indication of both maternal and infant prenatal and postnatal exposure and can be used as a proxy for fetal exposure. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of MTHFR A1298C and MTRR A66G genetic mutations on homocysteine levels in the Chinese population: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Objectives: The Chinese population typically has inadequate folate intake and no mandatory folic acid fortification. Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) and methionine synthase reductase (MTRR) are the two key regulatory enzymes in the folate/homocysteine (Hcy) metabolism. Hcy has been implicated in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. We conducted a meta-analysis to assess whether the MTHFR gene A1298C and the MTRR gene A66G polymorphisms affect Hcy levels in the Chinese population. Methods: This analysis included 13 studies with Hcy levels reported as one of the study measurements. Summary estimates of weighted mean differences and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were obtained using random-effect models. Results: Overall, there were no significant differences in Hcy concentrations between participants with the MTHFR 1298 CC (12 trials, n = 129), AA (n = 2166; beta, -0.51 mu mol/L; 95% CI: -2.14, 1.11; P = 0.53), or AC genotype (n = 958; beta, 0.55 mu mol/L; 95% CI: -0.72, 1.82; P = 0.40). Consistently, compared to those with the MTRR 66 GG genotype (6 trials, n = 156), similar Hcy concentrations were found in participants with the AA (n = 832; beta, -0.43 mu mol/L; 95% CI: -1.04, 0.17; P = 0.16) or AG (n = 743; beta, -0.57 mu mol/L; 95% CI: -1.46, 0.31; P = 0.21) genotype. Similar results were observed for the dominant and recessive models. Conclusions: Neither the MTHFR A1298C polymorphism nor the MTRR A66G polymorphism affects Hcy levels in the Chinese population.
Comparative evaluation of therapeutic effects of silymarin and hydrocortisone on clinical and hematological alterations, and organ injury (liver and heart) in a low-dose canine lipopolysaccharide-induced sepsis model; The present study aimed to examine the effectiveness of silymarin compared to hydrocortisone on clinical and hematological alterations and organ injury (liver and heart) in a low-dose canine lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced sepsis model. Fifteen clinically healthy dogs were randomly categorized into three equal groups: Two dogs in group A, LPS (0.10 mu g kg(-1), IV) was injected (control, n = 5); Group B was similar to group A, with the difference that silymarin bolus (10.00 mg kg(-1), IV, once) was injected 40 min after LPS injection. Group C was similar to group B with the difference that hydrocortisone bolus (2.00 mg kg(-1), IV, once) was administrated instead of silymarin. Five mL of blood was collected at baseline, 1, 3, and 6 hr of the study. Septic control dogs experienced a significant reduction in red blood cells count (RBC), hemoglobin (Hb), and hematocrit (HCT) and a significant elevation in serum activities of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), creatine kinase isoenzyme MB (CK-MB), and plasma cardiac troponin I (cTnI) concentration. We noticed a significant increase in RBCs, Hb, and HCT, and a significant decrease in AST, ALP, LDH, CK-MB, and cTnI in the silymarin group in comparison with hydrocortisone and control group. Our results suggested that silymarin had a positive influence on sepsis due to protecting RBCs, and decreasing organ (heart and liver) injury. These findings supported the hypothesis that silymarin could be more effective than routine corticosteroid therapy in sepsis. (C) 2020 Urmia University. All rights reserved.
Effect of sodium bentonite and vegetable oil blend supplementation on growth, carcass quality and intramuscular fatty acid composition of lambs; The effect of dietary sodium bentonite and a blend of sunflower and linseed oils at 1:2 (v/v) on growth, carcass and meat quality and fatty acid (FA) composition of longissimus dorsi muscle of lambs was studied. Thirty-two Merino Branco lambs with initial live weights (LW) of 16.2 +/- 2.93 kg were divided according to a completely randomized experimental design within a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments in order to evaluate effects of the vegetable oil blend supplementation (0 g/kg versus 60 g/kg DM) and sodium bentonite inclusion in diets (0 g/kg versus 20 g/kg DM). The basal diet consisted of pellets with 750 g dehydrated lucerne/kg DM and 250 g manioc/kg DM. The experimental period was 6 weeks. Bentonite affected neither daily LW gain, dry matter (DM) intake, nor carcass composition. However, bentonite decreased the a* meat colour parameter (redness; P=0.004). Oil supplementation affected neither daily LW gain, nor DM intake. However, it increased fat proportion in chump and shoulder cuts (P<0.001), as well as kidney and knob channel fat (P<0.001) while it decreased muscle proportion in the dissected cuts (P<0.001). Oil supplementation increased intramuscular fat (P<0.001) and most meat FA. Polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) increased 23% with oil supplementation (P=0.007), mostly by increasing proportions of n-3 PUFA and biohydrogenation derived PUFA. Oil supplementation decreased n-6 long chain PUFA (P<0.001). The proportion of n-3 long chain PUFA was not affected by oil supplementation, so the increase in n-3 PUFA from 1.99 g/100 g of total FA to 4.23 g/100g of total FA (P<0.001) was mainly due to the increase of a-linolenic acid (P<0.001). However, when expressed in mg/100 g of meat, oil supplementation increased n-3 long chain PUFA concentration from 20 to 31 mg (P<0.001). All biohydrogenation intermediates (BI) increased with oil supplementation, except for cis-11 18:1 which decreased, and cis-13 18:1 and trans-8, cis-10 18:2 which were unchanged. Conjugated linoleic acid increased with oil supplementation from 0.50 to 1.72 g/100 g of total FA (P<0.001). Bentonite did not affect most meat FA, although effects occurred on some BI. Bentonite increased trans-11 18:1, but prevented the increase of trans-10 18:1 in meat from oil supplemented lambs (P<0.001). Trans-11, cis-15 18:2, cis-9, cis-15 18:2 and cis-9, trans-11, cis-15 18:3 increased with dietary bentonite inclusion. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Associations of the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with risk of type 2 diabetes in 127 594 people from 20 countries (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background The association between the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with type 2 diabetes incidence is controversial. We aimed to evaluate this association in an international cohort with diverse glycaemic index and glycaemic load diets. Methods The PURE study is a prospective cohort study of 127 594 adults aged 35-70 years from 20 high -income, middle -income, and low-income countries. Diet was assessed at baseline using country -specific validated food frequency questionnaires. The glycaemic index and the glycaemic load were estimated on the basis of the intake of seven categories of carbohydrate -containing foods. Participants were categorised into quintiles of glycaemic index and glycaemic load. The primary outcome was incident type 2 diabetes. Multivariable Cox Frailty models with random intercepts for study centre were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs). Findings During a median follow-up of 11<middle dot>8 years (IQR 9<middle dot>0-13<middle dot>0), 7326 (5<middle dot>7%) incident cases of type 2 diabetes occurred. In multivariable adjusted analyses, a diet with a higher glycaemic index was significantly associated with a higher risk of diabetes (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>15 [95% CI 1<middle dot>03-1<middle dot>29]). Participants in the highest quintile of the glycaemic load had a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes compared with those in the lowest quintile (HR 1<middle dot>21, 95% CI 1<middle dot>06-1<middle dot>37). The glycaemic index was more strongly associated with diabetes among individuals with a higher BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>23 [95% CI 1<middle dot>08-1<middle dot>41]) than those with a lower BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; 1<middle dot>10 [0<middle dot>87-1<middle dot>39]; p interaction=0<middle dot>030). Interpretation Diets with a high glycaemic index and a high glycaemic load were associated with a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes in a multinational cohort spanning five continents. Our findings suggest that consuming low glycaemic index and low glycaemic load diets might prevent the development of type 2 diabetes.
The Health Examination Survey at regional level: the Emilia-Romagna Region (Northern Italy) example; OBJECTIVES: to assess time trend of lifestyles, cardiovascular risk factors, and prevalence of high-risk conditions in random samples of the general adult population residing in Emilia-Romagna, examined in two cross-sectional surveys conducted within the Epidemiological Cardiovascular Observatory (OEC 1998-2002) and the Epidemiological Cardiovascular Observatory/Health Examination Survey (OEC/HES 2008-2012).
Association of serum ferritin with metabolic syndrome in eight cities in China; Objective This study aims to evaluate the cross-sectional association of serum ferritin (SF) and the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components among adults in eight cities in China.
Effect of vitamin supplementation to HIV-infected pregnant women on the micronutrient status of their infants; Objective: We examined whether supplementation with vitamin A and/or vitamins B, C, and E to HIV-infected women during pregnancy and lactation is related to increased concentrations of vitamins A, B12, and E in their infants during the first 6 months of life.
Animal performance and meat characteristics in steers reared in intensive conditions fed with different vegetable oils; Enhancing the quality of beef meat is an important goal in terms of improving both the nutritional value for the consumer and the commercial value for producers. The aim of this work was to study the effects of different vegetable oil supplements on growth performance, carcass quality and meat quality in beef steers reared under intensive conditions. A total of 240 Blonde D' Aquitaine steers (average BW = 293.7 +/- 38.88 kg) were grouped into 24 batches (10 steers/batch) and were randomly assigned to one of the three dietary treatments (eight batches per treatment), each supplemented with either 4% hydrogenated palm oil (PALM) or fatty acids (FAs) from olive oil (OLI) or soybean oil (SOY). No differences in growth performance or carcass quality were observed. For the meat quality analysis, a steer was randomly selected from each batch and the 6th rib on the left half of the carcass was dissected. PALM meat had the highest percentage of 16:0 (P < 0.05) and the lowest n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) ratio (P < 0.05), OLI had the highest content of t 11-18:1 (P < 0.01) and c 9,t 11-18:2 (P < 0.05) and SOY showed the lowest value of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) (P <0.001), the highest percentage of PUFA (P <0.01) and a lower index of atherogenicity (P = 0.07) than PALM. No significant differences in the sensory characteristics of the meat were noted. However, the results of the principal component analysis of meat characteristics enabled meat from those steers that consumed fatty acids from olive oil to be differentiated from that of steers that consumed soybean oil.
Deep RNA Sequencing Reveals that MicroRNAs Play a Key Role in Lactation in Rats; Understanding the regulatory contribution of maternal physiology to difficulties with lactation is beneficial to both mother and infant. MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a type of noncoding RNA, may be involved in the regulation of mammary gland development and function. In the present study, a deep RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) technique was used to compare the expression profile of miRNAs and mRNAs of 2 pooled RNA samples from day 1 and day 7 postpartum (n = 1/d) rat (Rattus norvegicus) mammary glands to identify key miRNAs and their target genes that may control the rate-limiting steps of lactation. A total of 395 and 400 known miRNAs were identified in days 1 and 7 postpartum rat mammary samples, respectively. Compared with day 1 postpartum, 27 miRNAs were differentially expressed at day 7 postpartum. The expression differences between lactation periods were further analyzed by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) (n = 5). The Delta Delta Ct values of rno-miR-30, rno-miR-1, rno-miR-145-3p, rno-miR-142, rno-miR-7a-5p, rno-miR-3571, rno-miR-224-5p, rno-miR-362-5p, rno-miR-342-3p, rno-miR-322-3p, rno-miR-18a-5p, and rno-miR-202-5p between the 2 libraries varied from 0.64 to 9.44; the Delta Delta Ct values of rno-miR-133, rno-miR-190a-5p, rno-miR-27a-5p, rno-miR-451-5p, rno-miR-3120, rno-miR-23a-5p, rno-miR-20a-3p, rno-miR-92a-1-5p, and rno-miR-134-5p between the 2 libraries varied from 21.02 to 24.37 (P < 0.05). The intersection of the expressed mRNA genes from RNA-seq and putative target genes of differentially expressed miRNAs, termed mammary gland target genes (MTGs), was analyzed. The results indicated that 1259 MTGs overlapped between the 2 gene sets. The expression of 14 randomly selected genes of the MTGs was further confirmed by real-time qPCR (R-2 = 0.86, P < 0.01). The downregulated MTGs were enriched for the pathways involved in lipid biosynthesis. This gene cluster included 24 lipid metabolic process-related genes, which were putative targets of 10 differentially expressed miRNAs. These results will be helpful in discovering the biologic underpinnings of poor lactation performance in women attempting to breastfeed.
Maternal sitagliptin treatment attenuates offspring glucose metabolism and intestinal proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-α expression in male rats; Increasing evidence shows that maternal overnutrition may increase the risk of diabetes in offspring. We hypothesized that maternal sitagliptin intervention may improve glucose intolerance through gut targeting. Female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were fed a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks before mating. ND pregnant rats were divided into two subgroups: ND group (ND alone) and the ND-sitagliptin group (ND combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment). HFD pregnant rats were randomized to one of two groups: HFD group (HFD alone) and the HFD-sitagliptin group (HFD combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose metabolism was assessed in offspring at weaning. Intestinal gene expression levels were investigated. Maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in male pups. Moreover, maternal sitagliptin treatment inhibited offspring disordered intestinal expression of proinflammatory markers, including interleukin-6 (Il6), ll1b, and tumor necrosis factor (Tnf), at weaning and reduced intestinal IL-6, TNF-alpha expression by immunohistochemical staining and serum IL-6, TNF-alpha levels. However, maternal sitagliptin intervention did not affect offspring serum anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 level. Our results are the first to show that maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose metabolism in male offspring. It may be involved with moderating intestinal IL-6 and TNF-alpha expression in male rat offspring.
Universal DNA methylation age across mammalian tissues; Aging, often considered a result of random cellular damage, can be accurately estimated using DNA methylation profiles, the foundation of pan-tissue epigenetic clocks. Here, we demonstrate the development of universal pan-mammalian clocks, using 11,754 methylation arrays from our Mammalian Methylation Consortium, which encompass 59 tissue types across 185 mammalian species. These predictive models estimate mammalian tissue age with high accuracy (r > 0.96). Age deviations correlate with human mortality risk, mouse somatotropic axis mutations and caloric restriction. We identified specific cytosines with methylation levels that change with age across numerous species. These sites, highly enriched in polycomb repressive complex 2-binding locations, are near genes implicated in mammalian development, cancer, obesity and longevity. Our findings offer new evidence suggesting that aging is evolutionarily conserved and intertwined with developmental processes across all mammals.
Determination of rat liver triglycerides by gas-liquid chromatography and reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography; Rats fed with a fat-free or an olive oil-rich diet were employed to compare the response of two chromatographic techniques in the determination of rat liver triglyceride (TG) molecular species composition. Gas-liquid chromatography (GLC) on polarizable liquid phase and reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography (RP-HPLC) have been commonly employed for TG analysis, obtaining a similar number of chromatographic peaks when used for animal tissue TG determination. Tn the present study similar results were achieved with regard to most relevant chromatographic peaks, however, important differences were found in the content of minor TGs. Indeed, RP-HPLC permitted separation of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, which were not detected by GLC, while the latter technique reported a higher number of myristoyl-containing TG species. RP-HPLC analysis reported a greater number of TGs, with more similarity to a random composition, made up from the liver fatty acid composition. Therefore, it was concluded that utilization of both techniques would be helpful for liver TG analysis as the use of only one of them does not provide a complete profile of liver TGs, Nevertheless RP-HPLC seems to be more useful for this purpose since revealed a more extensive profile. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science B.V.
Effect of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids on Stearoyl CoA-Desaturase gene expression in intramuscular lipids of lamb; The effect of replacement of dietary sunflower oil (SO) with linseed oil (LO) on Stearoyl CoA desaturase (SCD) gene expression was investigated. Thirty-six lambs were randomly assigned to four groups and fed with one of the experimental diets, consisting of lucerne pellets with oil (60 g/Kg). The diets varied in the percentage of the oil supplemented and were: 100% SO; 66.6% SO plus 33.3% LO; 33.3% SO plus 66.6% LO and 100% LO. The trial period was of 7 weeks. Longissimus dorsi was removed from each carcass and stored at -80 degrees C until the analysis. Total fatty acids composition was determined by gas-chromatograph, while SCD gene expression was assessed by Real-Time Reverse-Transcription PCR. Replacement of SO with LO decreases significantly the SCD mRNA content with a concomitant increment of polyunsatured fatty acids (PUFA) n-3. These results are related to the higher level of PUFA n-3 present in linseed than sunflower. Although, there were differences on mRNA level, there was not a simultaneously changes on SCD activity. In conclusion, PUFA n-3 act on the regulation of mRNA SCD level without affecting the activity of the relative enzyme.
The Association between High Fat Diet around Gestation and Metabolic Syndrome-related Phenotypes in Rats: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Numerous rodent studies have evaluated the effects of a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on later in life susceptibility to Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) with varying results. Our aim was to quantitatively synthesize the available data on effects of maternal HFD around gestation on offspring's body mass, body fat, plasma leptin, glucose, insulin, lipids and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Literature was screened and summary estimates of the effect of maternal HFD on outcomes were calculated by using fixed-or random-effects models. 362 effect sizes from 68 studies together with relevant moderators were collected. We found that maternal HFD is statistically associated with higher body fat, body weight, leptin, glucose, insulin and triglycerides levels, together with increased SBP in offspring later in life. Our analysis also revealed non-significant overall effect on offspring's HDL-cholesterol. A main source of variation among studies emerged from rat strain and lard-based diet type. Strain and sex -specific effects on particular data subsets were detected. Recommendations are suggested for future research in the field of developmental programming of the MetS. Despite significant heterogeneity, our meta-analysis confirms that maternal HFD had long-term metabolic effects in offspring.
Reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in rats following 90-day dietary exposure to PCB 28 (2,4,4'-trichlorobiphenyl) or PCB 77 (3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl); Subchronic exposure to the PCB congener 77 (PCB 77) and 28 (PCB 28) was previously shown to induce histological changes in the thyroid and in the brain biogenic amines levels, suggesting possible effects on thyroid and reproductive hormone levels. Thus, the effects of a 90-day dietary exposure to PCB 28 or 77 on luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and testosterone concentrations were studied in male rats, as well as the levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone, thyroxine (T4) and uridine diphosphate-glucuronyl transferase (UDP-GT) activity in both genders. Weanling Sprague Dawley rats were randomly distributed into groups of 10 rats and were fed, for the next 13 weeks, purina lab chow containing 50, 500, 5000, or 50 000 ppb of PCB 28 or IO, 100, 1000, or 10 000 ppb of PCB 77. The serum concentrations of T4 were decreased in rats of both sexes receiving 1000 ppb or more of PCB 77, and was associated with an increased activity of UDP-GT which reached significance only in the females. There was a tendency for the highest dose of PCB 28 also to decrease serum T4 concentrations in the female rats. None of the PCB treatments significantly altered gonadotropin, TSH, or testosterone concentrations. These results suggest that thyroid functions may be more susceptible or adapt less readily than the pituitary gland and the testes to endocrine disruption caused by PCB congeners.
Exposure to ergot alkaloids during gestation reduces fetal growth in sheep; Tall fescue [Lolium arundinaceum (Schreb.) Darbysh; Schedonorus phoenix (Scop.) Holub] is the primary cool season perennial grass in the eastern U.S. Most tall fescue contains an endophyte (Neotyphodium coenophialum), which produces ergot alkaloids that cause vasoconstriction and could restrict blood flow to the fetus in pregnant animals. The objective of this study was to examine fetal growth during maternal exposure to ergot alkaloids during gestation. Pregnant ewes (n = 16) were randomly assigned to one of two dietary treatments: (1) endophyte-infected (N. coenophialum) tall fescue seed (E+; 0.8 ug of ergovaline /g diet DM) and (2) endophyte-free tall fescue seed (E-; 0.0 ug of ergovaline/g diet DM). Birth weight of lambs was reduced by 37% for E+ compared to E-. Organ and muscle weights were also lighter for E+ than E-. Exposure to ergot alkaloids in utero reduces fetal growth and muscle development.
Consumption of Sugar-Sweetened Beverages in Relation to the Metabolic Syndrome among Iranian Adults; Background: Few data are available linking intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with the metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, findings from these studies are inconsistent and most are from Western societies; no information is available in this regard from Middle Eastern populations. Objective : This study was conducted to assess the relationship between SSB consumption and metabolic syndrome in an Iranian adult population. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, data from 1,752 people (782 men and 970 women) that were selected with the multistage cluster random sampling method from three counties of Isfahan, Najafabad and Arak were used. A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to assess participants' usual dietary intakes. Consumption of SSBs was calculated by summing up the consumption of 'soft drinks' and 'artificially sweetened fruit juices'. To categorize participants, we used three levels of SSB consumption: <1 time/week, 1-3 times/week, and >3 times/week. Biochemical assessments were done after an overnight fasting. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the guidelines of Adult Treatment Panel III. Results: Subjects with high consumption of SSBs (>3 times/week) were younger than those with low consumption (<1 time/week). Mean BMI was not significantly different across SSB categories. High consumption of SSBs was associated with greater intakes of energy and almost all food groups. We found a significant difference in serum triglyceride levels between men consuming SSBs 1-3 times/week and those consuming <1 time/week. However, after controlling for potential confounders, this association disappeared. In crude models, no significant associations were found between SSB intake and prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in either gender. After adjustment for potential confounders including BMI, we found that men in the top category of SSB intake were 17% more likely to have the metabolic syndrome (odds ratio (OR) 1.17; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.56-2.46), while women in the highest category were 20% less likely to have the syndrome (OR 0.80; 95% CI 0.46-1.42) as compared with those in the bottom category. However, these associations were not significant in either men or women. Conclusion: Our results do not support the previous findings on the association between SSB consumption and metabolic syndrome. Prospective studies are needed to further explore for this association. Copyright (c) 2012 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg
The effect of dietary <i>trans</i> α-linolenic acid on plasma lipids and platelet fatty acid composition:: the <i>Trans</i>LinE study; Objective: To collect (i) baseline data and (ii) execute a large multicentre study examining the effect of trans alpha-linolenic acid on its incorporation into plasma lipids and on risk factors for coronary heart disease.
Exploring the Genetic Roles of Diet and Other Modifiable Risk Factors in the Risk of Angina: A Causal Investigation Using Mendelian Randomization in UK Biobank and FinnGen Cohorts; Background: Angina pectoris, a debilitating manifestation of coronary artery disease, has been associated with various modifiable risk factors. However, the causal underpinnings of these associations remain unclear. This study leveraged Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the causal roles of dietary patterns, smoking behaviors, body mass index (BMI), and physical activity in the development of angina. Methods: Two-sample MR analyses were performed using summary-level data from large-scale genome-wide association studies (GWASs) and biobank resources, including the UK Biobank (UKB) and FinnGen cohorts. Genetic variants associated with various types of exposure such as fruit and salad intake, smoking initiation and intensity, BMI, and physical activity were used as instrumental variables, and their causal effects on angina risk were assessed. Results: In the UKB cohort (336,683 individuals, 10,618 cases), genetically proxied fruit (OR = 0.95, 95% CI: 0.93-0.97) and cheese intake (OR = 0.98, 95% CI: 0.97-0.99) were associated with decreased angina risk, while smoking initiation (OR = 1.01, 95% CI: 1.002-1.012), maternal smoking (OR = 1.06, 95% CI: 1.03-1.09), and BMI (OR = 1.01, 95% CI: 1.01-1.02) were associated with increased risk. In the FinnGen cohort (206,008 individuals, 18,168 cases), fruit (OR = 0.30, 95% CI: 0.17-0.53) and salad intake (OR = 0.31, 95% CI: 0.12-0.55) were found to be protective, while smoking initiation (OR = 1.20, 95% CI: 1.04-1.37) and intensity (OR = 1.15, 95% CI: 1.04-1.26) and BMI (OR = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.18-1.47) increased angina risk. Conclusions: This study provides robust evidence for the causal roles of various modifiable risk factors associated with angina development, highlighting the potential benefits of dietary interventions that promote increased fruit and vegetable consumption, smoking cessation, and weight management to mitigate angina risk. Further investigation is needed to generalize these findings to populations with diverse genetic backgrounds, lifestyles, and environmental exposures.
The Metabolic Effects of Pre-probiotic Supplementation After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass (RYGB) Surgery: a Prospective, Randomized Controlled Study; Purpose Following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), positive alterations are observed in gut microbiota and intestinal peptides. Previous studies demonstrated similar alterations observed in cases when pre-probiotics are used without surgery. The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of early use of pre-probiotics after RYGB.
The Influence of the New US Nutrition Facts Label on Consumer Perceptions and Understanding of Added Sugars: A Randomized Controlled Experiment; Background and objectives This study assessed the effects of the new Nutrition Facts label (NFL) compared with the current NFL on consumer purchase intentions and understanding of added sugars, and differences by educational attainment.
COVID-19 pandemic: Changes in the emotions, body weights and nutrition habits of individuals during social intervention measures; BACKGROUND: During the COVID-19 pandemic, the increase in the anxiety levels of individuals is associated with the increase in body weight.
The maternal diet index in pregnancy is associated with offspring allergic diseases: the Healthy Start study; Background A systematic review showed limited associations between pregnancy diet and offspring allergy. We developed a maternal diet index during pregnancy that was associated with offspring allergy outcomes.
The effect of presenting relative calorie information on calories ordered; In this research, we tested the effect of a novel method of presenting calorie information-highlighting relative differences in calories among ingredients. We conducted an online hypothetical food choice experiment where 633 participants selected the ingredients for a sandwich from five categories: meat/protein, cheese, spread/dressing, bread, and vegetables. Each participant was randomly assigned to one of four calorie information conditions: 1) a condition in which no information about calories was provided, 2) a condition in which calorie information was provided for each ingredient, 3) a condition in which calorie information was presented relative to the highest calorie item, and 4) a condition in which calorie information was presented relative to the lowest calorie item. Participants in the high- and low-calorie reference conditions ordered between 32 and 36 fewer calories per sandwich than participants in the no-calorie information control condition (p <= 0.04). Calories ordered by participants in the per-item calorie condition were not significantly different than the control. Presenting relative calorie or other nutritional information to make health-related trade-offs more salient may guide consumers to make healthier choices.
Are nutritional warnings more efficient than claims in shaping consumers' healthfulness perception?; Nutritional warnings highlighting high content of nutrients associated with non-communicable diseases have been recently proposed as a tool to facilitate the identification of unhealthful products. However, several different cues raising positive healthful associations are usually included on food packages, which can reduce the effectiveness of nutritional warnings. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of nutritional warnings and claims on the perceived healthfulness of four product categories, frequently consumed in Brazil: yogurt, juice, bread and crackers. For each category, eight packages were designed following a full-factorial experimental design with three two-level factors: two types of claims (present vs. absent) and nutritional warnings highlighting high content of saturated fat, sugar and/or sodium (present vs. absent). A total of 820 adults participated in an online survey. They were randomly divided into four groups, each of which evaluated the packages of one product category. For each package, participants were asked to rate their perceived healthfulness using a 7-point scale (1: not healthy at all; 7: very healthy). Data were analyzed using ANOVA considering main effects and interactions. Results showed that although claims had a significant and positive effect on the perceived healthfulness of all categories, nutritional warnings had the largest relative importance and significantly decreased perceived healthfulness. Participants who were more willing to compromise pleasure for health tended to give more relative importance to the warnings. Results suggest that nutritional warning could facilitate the identification of products with unfavorable nutrient profile and can contribute to override the positive healthful associations generated by claims.
The Effects of Food Labelling on Postexercise Energy Intake in Sedentary Women; Food labelling has been previously reported to influence energy intake (EI). Whether food labels influence postexercise EI remains to be determined. We assessed how food labelling and exercise (Ex) interact to influence food perception and postexercise EI. In this randomized crossover design, 14 inactive women participated in 4 experimental conditions: Ex (300 kcal at 70% of VO2peak) and lunch labelled as low in fat (LF), Ex and lunch labelled as high in fat (HF), Rest and LF, and Rest and HF. The lunch was composed of a plate of pasta, yogurt, and oatmeal cookies, which had the same nutritional composition across the 4 experimental conditions. EI at lunch and for the 48-hour period covering the testing day and the following day was assessed. Furthermore, perceived healthiness of the meal and appetite ratings were evaluated. There were no effects of exercise and food labelling on EI. However, meals labelled as LF were perceived as heathier, and this label was associated with higher prospective food consumption. Initial beliefs about food items had a stronger effect on healthiness perception than the different food labels and explain the positive correlation with the amount of food consumed (rho = 0.34, P < 0.001).
Pairing Vegetables with a Liked Food and Visually Appealing Presentation: Promising Strategies for Increasing Vegetable Consumption among Preschoolers; Background: Vegetable consumption among preschool children is below recommended levels. New evidence-based approaches to increase preschoolers' vegetable intake, particularly in the child care setting, are needed. This study tests the effectiveness of two community-based randomized interventions to increase vegetable consumption and willingness to try vegetables: (1) the pairing of a vegetable with a familiar, well-liked food and (2) enhancing the visual appeal of a vegetable.
Gastrointestinal transit, post-prandial lipaemia and satiety following 3 days high-fat diet in men; Background/Objectives: High-fat (HF) diets of 2 weeks have been shown to accelerate gastric emptying (GE). To date, no studies have shown any alteration in GE following shorter HF diets. The aim of this study was to assess if an HF, high-energy diet of 3 days can adapt gastrointestinal (GI) transit, blood lipids and satiety.
No effect of dietary <i>trans</i> isomers of α-linolenic acid on platelet aggregation and haemostatic factors in European healthy men:: The <i>TRANS</i>LinE study; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of trans alpha -linolenic acid on platelet aggregation and blood haemostasis. A randomized, double blind dietary intervention trial was carried out with healthy male volunteers (n=88) in three European centers. After a 6-week washout period where subjects avoided foods containing all trans fats, subjects either continued for 6 weeks with a low trans diet or a diet where trans alpha -linolenic acid provided 0.6% of energy (supplied as oil, margarine, cheese, muffins, and biscuits). At the end of the washout period the intake of trans polyunsaturated fats was 58+/-115 mg/day; this increased in patients on the high trans diet by +1344+/-328 mg/day, compared with +10+/-67 mg/day in patients on the low trans diet (p<0.01). The change in trans a-linolenic acid in plasma cholesteryl eaters was 0.26+/-0.20 on the high trans and 0.00+/-0.07% of fatty acids on the low trans diet (p<0.001). No effect of the high trans diet was observed on platelet aggregation: collagen ECS, high trans 157+/-100, low trans 152+/-90 ng/mL (NS); U44619 EC50 high trans 81+/-61, low trans 59+/-27 nM (NS). The high trans diet did not affect platelet thromboxane production, fibrinogen levels, factor VII, activated factor VIIa, or plasminogen activator inhibitor activity. There were no center-specific differences in response to the high traits diet. A relatively high amount of trans or-linolenic acid for 6 weeks does not increase the risk of coronary heart disease by promoting platelet aggregation and blood coagulation. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sweet taste of aspartame and sucrose: effects on diet-induced thermogenesis; Among factors that affect diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) are the sensory characteristics of food. The aim of this study was to test whether the sweet flavour obtained with a low-energy sweetener (aspartame) or with sucrose have a different effect on DIT. Following a standardized breakfast, 24 healthy male subjects were served three test lunches in a randomized fashion. Lunch contained soft white cheese added with maltodextrins and aspartame, or sucrose, or maltodextrins only (non-sweetened control) (each 900 kcal). Energy expenditure (indirect calorimetry) was monitored during the five postprandial hours. For the first two periods of measurement (30-60 and 90-120 min after meal ingestion), postprandial energy expenditure was significantly increased with sucrose compared to maltodextrins and maltodextrins plus aspartame, whereas no significant difference was found between maltodextrins and maltodextrins plus aspartame. No significant difference between lunches was observed for DIT expressed as incremental area above premeal baseline energy expenditure. Plasma glucose area under the curve was significantly lower for sucrose compared to maltodextrins plus aspartame. Plasma insulin area under the curve was significantly lower for sucrose compared to the other tests foods. In conclusion: (1) variation in sweet-taste induced by aspartame or by sucrose does not seem to have a major effect on DIT in healthy humans; (2) differences in energy expenditure observed in the early postprandial period suggest a substrate effect. (C) 2000 Academic Press.
Establishing the Link Between Lean Mass and Grip Strength Cut Points With Mobility Disability and Other Health Outcomes: Proceedings of the Sarcopenia Definition and Outcomes Consortium Conference; Background: Lack of consensus on how to diagnose sarcopenia has limited the ability to diagnose this condition and hindered drug development. The Sarcopenia Definitions and Outcomes Consortium (SDOC) was formed to develop evidence-based diagnostic cut points for lean mass and/or muscle strength that identify people at increased risk of mobility disability. We describe here the proceedings of a meeting of SDOC and other experts to discuss strategic considerations in the development of evidence-based sarcopenia definition.
Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus salivarius</i> UBL S22 and Prebiotic Fructo-oligosaccharide on Serum Lipids, Inflammatory Markers, Insulin Sensitivity, and Gut Bacteria in Healthy Young Volunteers: A Randomized Controlled Single-Blind Pilot Study; This study investigated the effect of 6-week supplementation of a probiotic strain Lactobacillus salivarius UBL S22 with or without prebiotic fructo-oligosaccharide (FOS) on serum lipid profiles, immune responses, insulin sensitivity, and gut lactobacilli in 45 healthy young individuals. The patients were divided into 3 groups (15/group), that is, placebo, probiotic, and synbiotic. After 6 weeks, a significant reduction (P < .05) in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and triglycerides and increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was observed in the probiotic as well as in the synbiotic group when compared to placebo; however, the results of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were more pronounced in the synbiotic group. Similarly, when compared to the placebo group, the serum concentrations of inflammatory markers such as high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL) 6, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor a were significantly (P < .05) reduced in both the experimental groups, but again the reduction in the synbiotic group was more pronounced. Also, an increase (P < .05) in the fecal counts of total lactobacilli and a decrease (P < .05) in coliforms and Escherichia coil was observed in both the experimental groups after 6 weeks of ingestion. Overall, the combination of L salivarius with FOS was observed to be more beneficial than L salivarius alone, thereby advocating that such synbiotic combinations could be therapeutically exploited for improved health and quality of life.
Influence of <i>Lactobacillus brevis</i> 15 and <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> 13 on blood glucose and body weight in rats after high-fructose diet; In recent years, many authors have investigated the possible antidiabetic effect of lactic acid bacteria. Lactobacillus species constitute a major part of the lactic acid bacteria group and have been found to exhibit beneficial effects on the development of diabetes and its complications. In the current study, we investigated the effects of newly characterised Bulgarian Lactobacillus strains, Lactobacillus brevis 15 and Lactobacillus plantarum 13, on blood glucose levels and body weight of rats fed a fructose-enriched diet. An experiment was conducted over a period of 8 weeks with 24 2-month-old Wistar rats randomly assigned to receive a standard diet (Con, control group), fructoseenriched diet (Fr group), standard diet with probiotics given twice a week (Pro group), and fructose-enriched diet with probiotics given twice a week (Pro+Fr group). At the end of the experimental period, a statistically significant increase in body weight was observed in all experimental groups (P<0.0001). The highest rise was seen in the fructose group (Fr, 169 +/- 19 g), followed by the Pro+Fr group (153 +/- 15 g), Pro group (149 +/- 13 g), and Con group (141 +/- 5 g). Moreover, the final blood glucose levels had risen significantly in the groups receiving fructose either without (Fr; P<0.0001) or with lactobacilli (Pro+Fr; P=0.002), while the rise was insignificant in the group of rats given probiotic supplementation only (Pro, P=0.071) and inexistent in the Con group (P=0.999). The highest elevation of blood glucose levels was observed in the Fr group (3.18 mmol/l), followed by the Pro+Fr group (2.00 mmol/l) whereas the Pro group showed the lowest levels (0.60 mmol/l). The results of our study suggest that the newly characterised Bulgarian Lactobacillus strains, L. brevis 15 and L. plantarum 13, could be considered as possible probiotics and might be able to prevent some metabolic disturbances.
No effects of short-term sleep restriction, in a controlled feeding setting, on lipid profiles in normal-weight adults; Short sleep has been associated with cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study was to determine the impact of short-term sleep restriction on lipid profiles and resting blood pressure factors in young, normal-weight individuals (14 men, 13 women). Participants were randomized to five nights of either habitual (9h) or short (4h) sleep in a cross-over design separated by a 3-week washout period. There was no sleepxday interaction on lipid profile and blood pressure. Short-term sleep restriction does not alter lipid profiles and resting blood pressure in healthy, normal-weight individuals. The association between short sleep and increased cardiovascular risk reported in the epidemiological literature may be the result of long-term sleep restriction and poor lifestyle choices.
Dual probiotic strains suppress high fructose-induced metabolic syndrome; AIM: To investigate the effect of novel probiotics on the clinical characteristics of high-fructose induced metabolic syndrome.
Review and meta-analysis of the short-term effects of a vegetable oil emulsion on food intake; Several short-term studies have investigated the effects of a vegetable oil emulsion on subsequent food intake, although findings have been inconsistent. This work aimed to review all studies, and investigate differences in study outcomes based on methodology. All known studies were identified. Data were abstracted from published studies (n = 7). Details of unpublished studies were gained from investigators/sponsors (n = 5), or were unavailable for reasons of confidentiality (n = 4). Available data were combined using meta-analyses. A combined appetite suppressant effect of the emulsion compared with control was found for test meal intake at approximately 4, 12 and 36 h post-treatment: smallest combined mean difference (random effects model) = 0.53 MJ (95% confidence interval 0.20, 0.86), P < 0.01. However, considerable heterogeneity (variability) between study results was also found (smallest I-2 = 94%, P < 0.01), questioning the predictive validity of the above findings. Meta-regression suggested this heterogeneity to be related to differences in the processed nature of the product, treatment dose and in particular year of study (smallest B = 0.54, 95% confidence interval 0.06, 1.03, P = 0.04), although again heterogeneity was found. The only consistent finding was a lack of effect on food intake 4 h post-preload in studies conducted after 2003. These results suggest a small but inconsistent appetite suppressant effect of the vegetable oil emulsion. However, due to the large heterogeneity, no definitive conclusions can be drawn.
Plant sterol-fortified orange juice effectively lowers cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic healthy individuals; Objective - Hypercholesterolemia is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease. Therapeutic lifestyle changes include dietary modifications such as inclusion of phytosterols, which effectively lowers low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in margarines and other fats. Their effectiveness in nonfat moieties is not yet established. The aim of this study was to examine if phytosterols alter the plasma lipoprotein profile when incorporated into nonfat orange juice.
