The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a predictor for the severity of coronary artery disease; Objective: Dyslipidemia is a key risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to investigate the correlation between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and the severity of CAD. Methods: 2,491 patients were enrolled in this study and analyzed retrospectively, including 665 non-CAD patients as the control group and 1,826 CAD patients. The CAD patients were classified into three subgroups according to tertiles of SYNTAX score (SS). Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C) was defined as serum total cholesterol (TC) minus serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI) was defined as the ratio of non-HDL-C to HDL-C; AIP was defined as the logarithm of the ratio of the concentration of triglyceride (TG) to HDL-C; lipoprotein combine index (LCI) was defined as the ratio of TC∗TG∗ low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL)to HDL-C; Castelli Risk Index I (CRI I) was defined as the ratio of TC to HDL-C; Castelli Risk Index II (CRI II) was defined as the ratio of LDL-C to HDL-C. Results: The levels of AIP (P < 0.001), AI (P < 0.001), and LCI (P = 0.013) were higher in the CAD group compared with the non-CAD group. The Spearman correlation analysis showed that AIP (r = 0.075, P < 0.001), AI (r = 0.132, P < 0.001), and LCI (r = 0.072, P = 0.001) were positively correlated with SS. The multivariate logistic regression model showed CRI I (OR: 1.11, 95% CI: 1.03–1.19, P = 0.005), CRI II (OR: 1.26, 95% CI: 1.15–1.39, P < 0.001), AI (OR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.17–1.40, P < 0.001), AIP (OR: 2.06, 95% CI: 1.38–3.07, P < 0.001), and LCI (OR: 1.01, 95% CI: 1.01–1.02, P < 0.001) were independent predictors of severity of CAD After adjusting various confounders. Conclusion: CRI I, CRI II, AIP, AI, and LCI were independent predictors of the severity of CAD, which could be used as a biomarker for the evaluation of the severity of CAD. 2023 Li, Feng, Li, Ma, Lin, Wan and Zhao.
Atherogenic index of plasma and triglycerideglucose index to predict more advanced coronary artery diseases in patients with the first diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome; OBJECTIVE: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the most common cause of mortality and morbidity. Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is the most advanced form of the CHD spectrum. The triglyceride-glucose index (TGI) and atherogenic plasma index (AIP) are associated with future cardiovascular events. This study investigated the association of these parameters with the severity of CAD and prognosis in the first-diagnosed ACS patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Our study was designed retrospectively, including 558 patients. Patients were divided into four subgroups: high and low TGI and high and low AIP. SYNTAX scores, in-hospital mortality, major adverse cardiac events (MACE), and survival were compared at 12-month follow-up. RESULTS: More three-vessel disease and higher SYNTAX scores have been detected in the high AIP and TGI groups. More MACEs have been observed in high AIP and TGI groups than low groups. AIP and TGI were found to be independent predictors for SYNTAX ≥23. While AIP has been found to be an independent risk factor for MACE, TGI has not been detected as an independent risk factor. In addition to AIP, age, three-vessel disease, and lower EF were the independent risk factors for MACE. Survival was lower in high TGP and AIP groups. CONCLUSIONS: AIP and TGI are costless bedside parameters that can be easily calculated. These parameters can predict the severity of CAD in first-diagnosed ACS patients. Besides, AIP is an independent risk factor for MACE. AIP and TGI parameters can guide our treatment in this patient population. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
The relationship between plasma atherogenic index and long-term outcomes after endovascular intervention in superficial femoral artery lesions; Objectives: Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) results from the systemic atherosclerotic process. In this study, we aimed to determine the relationship between plasma atherogenic index (AIP), a ratio of molar concentrations of triglycerides to HDL-cholesterol, and long-term outcomes after endovascular therapy (EVT) in patients with superficial femoral artery (SFA) stenosis. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 673 patients who underwent EVT for PAD in our tertiary center between January 2015 and December 2020. In the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis, the AIP value with the optimum cutoff value was determined as 0.576 to detect the presence of major adverse limb events (MALEs). Patients were divided into two groups according to low AIP (<0.576 as group 1) and high AIP (>0.576 as group 2). Results: Among the major endpoints, long-term restenosis rates were significantly higher in patients in the high-AIP group than in the low-AIP group (p<.001). The lower extremity amputation rate was not statistically significant between the two groups. All-cause mortality rate (54 (31.6) versus 117 (68.4), p<.001) was significantly higher in patients in the high-AIP group than in the low-AIP group. In addition, the MALE rate (94 (29.2) versus 218 (62.1), p<.001) was significantly higher in patients in the high-AIP group than in those in the low-AIP group. Conclusions: In conclusion, we found that AIP is a significant independent predictor of long-term MALE in patients who underwent EVT for SFA. © The Author(s) 2023.
Associations of the triglyceride-glucose index and atherogenic index of plasma with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease in different glucose metabolic states; Background: The triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index is considered a dependable biomarker for gauging insulin resistance. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) represents a marker reflecting atherosclerosis. However, there is currently no study specifically exploring the associations of these two biomarkers with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease (CAD) under different glucose metabolic states. Therefore, this study aims to evaluate the correlations of these two biomarkers with CAD severity in patients newly diagnosed with CAD under various glucose metabolism conditions. Method: Totally 570 subjects first administered coronary angiography were enrolled, including 431 first diagnosed CAD patients and 139 non-CAD patients. CAD severity was gauged by the quantity of narrowed arteries (single-vessel and multi-vessel CAD). According to WHO diabetes guidelines, glucose metabolic states were divided into normal glucose regulation (NGR), pre-diabetes mellitus (Pre-DM), and diabetes mellitus (DM). The relationships of the TyG index and AIP with CAD severity were validated by logistic regression analysis, including adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk elements and medical treatments. Their predictive efficacy for CAD was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Result: The TyG index and AIP were independently correlated with CAD in accordance with logistic regression analysis (both P < 0.05). Regardless of the glucose metabolic states, there was no statistical correlation between the TyG index and CAD severity. However, AIP in NGR patients was significantly related to CAD severity (P < 0.05). The areas under the curve of the TyG index and AIP for predicting CAD were 0.682 and 0.642 (both P < 0.001), respectively, and their optimal cut-off values were 3.210 (Youden index: 0.305) and 0.095 (Youden index:0.246), respectively. Conclusion: The TyG index and AIP have significant associations with CAD. The TyG index had no association with CAD severity, regardless of glucose metabolic states. AIP exhibited a discernible link with CAD severity in NGR patients, but not in the pre-DM or DM populations. The TyG index and AIP have similar predictive values for new-onset CAD. © The Author(s) 2024.
Effect of Atherogenic Index of Plasma on Pre-Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Flow in Patients With ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Dyslipidemia is an important risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is primarily responsible, the importance of triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) has also been recognized. The present study investigated the effect of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), in which atherogenic and protective lipoproteins were evaluated together, on the initial flow in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction. AIP was calculated as log(TG/HDL-cholesterol). Patients included in the study (n = 1535) were divided into Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow grade 0 and >0. AIP was found to be significantly different between 2 groups (.55 ±.23 vs.67 ±.21; P <.001). AIP was an independent predictor for pre-intervention TIMI flow (Odds Ratio: 2.778). A moderate correlation was found between TIMI frame count measurements, calculated in patients with TIMI 2–3, and AIP (Pearson correlation coefficient:.63, P <.001). In the receiver operating characteristic analysis, AIP showed the highest area under curve (AUC) compared with other lipid parameters for predicting vascular patency. The AUC of AIP was.634, the cut-off value was.59, and the sensitivity and specificity were 67.6% and 68.4%, respectively (P <.001). In conclusion, AIP was found to be an important marker affecting pre-percutaneous coronary intervention TIMI flow. © The Author(s) 2023.
Are There Any Correlations between Vitamin D, Calcium, and Magnesium Intake and Coronary and Obesity Indices?; Objective: The association between nutrient intake and obesity and coronary problems has received great attention. So, this study aimed to examine the association between vitamin D, calcium, and magnesium intake and obesity and coronary indices. Methods: A total of 491 male and female university employees (18–64 years) were randomly included in a cross-sectional study. Blood samples were drawn, and the lipid profile was analyzed. Different anthropometrics were measured. Obesity and coronary indices were calculated based on standard formulas. A 24-h recall was used to measure the average dietary intake of vitamin D, calcium, and magnesium. Results: For the total sample, vitamin D had a significantly weak correlation with the abdominal volume index (AVI) and weight-adjusted waist index (WWI). However, calcium intake had a significant moderate correlation with the AVI and a weak correlation with the conicity index (CI), body roundness index (BRI), body adiposity index (BAI), WWI, lipid accumulation product (LAP), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). In males, there was a significant weak correlation between calcium and magnesium intake and the CI, BAI, AVI, WWI, and BRI. Additionally, magnesium intake had a weak correlation with the LAP. In female participants, calcium and magnesium intake had a weak correlation with CI, BAI, AIP, and WWI. Additionally, calcium intake showed a moderate correlation with the AVI and BRI and a weak correlation with the LAP. Conclusion: Magnesium intake had the greatest impact on coronary indices. Calcium intake had the greatest impact on obesity indices. Vitamin D intake had minimal effects on obesity and coronary indices. © 2023 American Nutrition Association.
The predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with LDL-C below 1.8mmol/L; Background: The potential predictive significance of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), with low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) below 1.8mmol/L, has not been well explored. Methods: The retrospective cohort analysis included 1,133 patients with ACS and LDL-C levels below 1.8mmol/L who underwent PCI. AIP is calculated as log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). Patients were divided into two groups according to the median value of AIP. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs), a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke or unplanned repeat revascularization. The association between AIP and the prevalence of MACCE was evaluated using multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. Results: Over a median follow-up of 26 months, the incidence of MACCE was higher in the high AIP group compared to the low AIP group (9.6% vs. 6.0%, P log-rank = 0.020), and the difference was mainly derived from an increased risk of unplanned repeat revascularization (7.6% vs. 4.6%, P log-rank = 0.028). After adjusting for multiple variables, elevated AIP was independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE, regardless of whether AIP was considered a nominal or continuous variable (hazard ratio [HR] 1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04–2.53 or HR 2.01, 95% CI 1.09–3.73). Conclusions: The present study demonstrates that AIP is a significant predictor of adverse outcomes in ACS patients undergoing PCI with LDL-C < 1.8mmol/L. These results suggest that AIP may offer supplementary prognostic information for ACS patients with optimally managed LDL-C levels. © 2023, The Author(s).
Glycation of LDL: AGEs, impact on lipoprotein function, and involvement in atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is a complex disease, and there are many factors that influence its development and the course of the disease. A deep understanding of the pathological mechanisms underlying atherogenesis is needed to develop optimal therapeutic strategies and treatments. In this review, we have focused on low density lipoproteins. According to multiple studies, their atherogenic properties are associated with multiple modifications of lipid particles. One of these modifications is Glycation. We considered aspects related to the formation of modified particles, as well as the influence of modification on their functioning. We paid special attention to atherogenicity and the role of glycated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) in atherosclerosis. Copyright © 2023 Poznyak, Sukhorukov, Surkova, Orekhov and Orekhov.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and carotid artery plaques in patients with coronary heart disease in different glucose metabolism states: an RCSCD-TCM study in Tianjin, China; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is considered a powerful biomarker of dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis (AS). However, limited evidence is available regarding the relationship between the AIP and carotid artery plaques (CAPs) in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods: This retrospective study included 9281 patients with CHD who underwent carotid ultrasound. Participants were divided according to the AIP tertiles: T1, AIP < 1.02; T2, 1.02 ≤ AIP < 1.25; and T3, AIP ≥ 1.25. The presence or absence of CAPs was assessed using carotid ultrasound. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between the AIP and CAPs in patients with CHD. The relationship between the AIP and CAPs was assessed according to sex, age, and glucose metabolic status. Results: The baseline characteristics revealed significant differences in related parameters among patients with CHD after stratification into the three groups according to the AIP tertiles. Compared with T1, the odds ratio (OR) of T3 in patients with CHD was 1.53 (95% confidence interval [CI]:1.35–1.74). The association between AIP and CAPs was higher in females (OR: 1.63; 95% CI: 1.38–1.92) than in males (OR: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.12–1.70). The OR for patients aged ≤60 years (OR: 1.40; 95% CI: 1.14–1.71) was lower than that for patients aged >60 years (OR: 1.49; 95% CI: 1.26–1.76). AIP was significantly associated with the risk of CAPs formation in different glucose metabolic states, with diabetes having the highest OR value (OR: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.19–1.43). Conclusion: The AIP and CAPs were significantly associated in patients with CHD, and the association was higher in female than in male patients. The association was lower in patients aged ≤60 years than in patients aged >60 years. Under different glucose metabolism statuses, the association between the AIP and the CAPs among patients with CHD was highest in patients with diabetes. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Unraveling the understudied influence of a lead variant in the 9p21 locus on the atherogenic index among type 2 diabetes patients with coronary artery disease; Introduction: The region on chromosome 9p21 has consistently been identified in genome-wide association studies (GWAS) as the top locus for type 2 diabetes (T2D), however, genetic variations in this locus affecting both T2D and coronary artery disease (CAD) require further characterized. Our aim was to assess the effects of rs10811661, a variant validated in GWAS, on log (TG/HDL-C), which has been associated with an atherogenic lipid profile. Methods: A total of 121 patients with T2D who underwent coronary angiographic examination were included in this study. The patients were categorized into two groups, those with angiographically normal coronary arteries or less than 50% stenosis (non-CAD) and those having at least 70% stenosis in one of the main coronary arteries (severe CAD). The rs10811661 variant was genotyped using the restricted fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis after PCR amplification. Results: When the data was divided into tertiles according to HbA1c, our findings revealed that in tertile 3 (HbA1c ≥ 7.8%), the frequency of TT genotypes was higher compared to CT + CC genotypes (37.1% vs. 27.8%). T2D patients with CAD who carried the TT genotype had higher concentrations of log (TG/HDL) (p = 0.037) and TG (p = 0.003) compared to those with the C allele (CC or CT genotypes). After adjustment for covariates, the T allele of rs10811661 indicated significant associations with TG (OR = 1.66, 95% CI: 1.22–2.33, p = 0.002) and log (TG/HDL-C) (OR = 1.12, 95% CI: 1.02–2.13, p = 0.023) levels. Conclusion: Our findings provide insight into how a GWAS-validated variant, rs10811661, can influence atherogenicity in patients with T2D and establish a link between this functional variant in the 9p21 locus and lipid factors associated with atherosclerosis. Further investigations are needed to understand the mechanisms by which this important variant influences lipid and lipoprotein levels, which could be useful in developing personalized medicine interventions. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences 2024.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome; Background: The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a newly identified biomarker associated with lipid metabolism, demonstrating significant prognostic capabilities in individuals diagnosed with cardiovascular disease. However, its impact within the context of chronic coronary syndromes (CCS) remains unexplored. Thus, the present investigation sought to examine the potential association between AIP levels and long-term clinical outcomes in patients diagnosed with CCS. Methods: A total of 404 patients diagnosed with CCS and who underwent coronary angiography were included in this study. The AIP index was calculated as log (triglycerides / high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). The patients were categorized into four groups based on their AIP values: Q1 (< -0.064), Q2 (-0.064 to 0.130), Q3 (0.130 to 0.328), and Q4 (> 0.328). The occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) was monitored during the follow-up period for all patients. Cox regression analysis and Kaplan-Meier curve analysis were employed to examine the relationship between AIP and MACE. Furthermore, ROC analysis was utilized to determine the optimal cut-off value of AIP for predicting clinical MACE. Results: During the median 35 months of follow-up, a total of 88 patients experienced MACE. Notably, the group of patients with higher AIP values (Q4 group) exhibited a significantly higher incidence of MACE compared to those with lower AIP values (Q1, Q2, and Q3 groups) (31.7% vs. 16.8%, 15.7%, and 23.0% respectively; P = 0.023). The Kaplan-Meier curves illustrated those patients in the Q4 group had the highest risk of MACE relative to patients in the other groups (log-rank P = 0.014). Furthermore, the multivariate Cox regression analysis demonstrated that individuals in the Q4 group had a 7.892-fold increased risk of MACE compared to those in the Q1 group (adjusted HR, 7.892; 95% CI 1.818–34.269; P = 0.006). Additionally, the ROC curve analysis revealed an optimal AIP cut-off value of 0.24 for predicting clinical MACE in patients with CCS. Conclusion: Our data indicate, for the first time, that AIP is independently associated with poor long-term prognosis in patients suffering from CCS. The optimal AIP cut-off value for predicting clinical MACE among CCS patients was 0.24. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma and atherogenic index of plasma combined with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol for the risk of acute myocardial infarction; Background and aims: Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is a prevalent medical condition associated with significant morbidity and mortality rates. The principal underlying factor leading to myocardial infarction is atherosclerosis, with dyslipidemia being a key risk factor. Nonetheless, relying solely on a single lipid level is insufficient for accurately predicting the onset and progression of AMI. The present investigation aims to assess established clinical indicators in China, to identify practical, precise, and effective tools for predicting AMI. Methods: The study enrolled 267 patients diagnosed with acute myocardial infarction as the experimental group, while the control group consisted of 73 hospitalized patients with normal coronary angiography. The investigators collected general clinical data and relevant laboratory test results and computed the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) for each participant. Using acute myocardial infarction status as the dependent variable and controlling for confounding factors such as smoking history, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), blood pressure at admission, and diabetes history, the researchers conducted multivariate logistic regression analysis with AIP as an independent variable. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were employed to determine the predictive value of AIP and AIP combined with LDL-C for acute myocardial infarction. Result: The results of the multivariate logistic regression analysis indicated that the AIP was an independent predictor of acute myocardial infarction. The optimal cut-off value for AIP to predict AMI was −0.06142, with a sensitivity of 81.3%, a specificity of 65.8%, and an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.801 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.743–0.859, P < 0.001). When AIP was combined with LDL-C, the best cut-off value for predicting acute myocardial infarction was 0.756107, with a sensitivity of 79%, a specificity of 74%, and an AUC of 0.819 (95% CI: 0.759–0.879, P < 0.001). Conclusions: The AIP is considered an autonomous determinant of risk for AMI. Utilizing the AIP index alone, as well as in conjunction with LDL-C, can serve as effective predictors of AMI. 2023 Chen, Fang, Guo, Pang, Zhou, Hong, Yang, Zhang, Zhang, Zhou and Hu.
Intakes of Dairy and Soy Products and 10-Year Coronary Heart Disease Risk in Korean Adults; Dairy and soy products are healthy food. However, studies have reported conflicting results associating their intake with coronary heart disease (CHD). Thus, this study determined the association between intake of dairy or soy products and 10-year CHD risk. Participants aged 40~69 years were grouped into those who consumed dairy products (more or less than twice a week) and those who consumed soy products (more or less than twice a week). Ten-year CHD risk (%), atherogenic index (AI), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. The CHD risk, according to the level of dairy and soy product intake, was expressed as an odds ratio (OR) and a confidence interval (CI). Significant differences were observed in sex, age, education, income, and living area according to dairy intake frequencies, whereas only age showed significant differences according to soy products’ intake frequencies. Relative effects of Framingham Risk Score (FRS) factors on 10-year CHD risk in Korean adults were found to be significant in the order of age, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), smoking, blood total cholesterol (TC), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diabetes, and sex. Overall, participants who consumed dairy products ≥2/week had a significantly lower OR of 10-year CHD risk compared to those who consumed dairy products <2/week after adjusting for confounding factors (OR: 0.742, 95% CI: 0.619 to 0.890). Otherwise, intake of soy products ≥2/week tended to decrease the OR of 10-year CHD risk, although the decrease was not statistically significant. In conclusion, Korean adults who consumed dairy products ≥2/week had higher HDL-C and lower 10-year CHD risk than those who consumed dairy products <2/week. However, these results did not appear when consuming soy products. © 2024 by the authors.
The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction; Background: No-reflow (NR) is the inability to achieve adequate myocardial perfusion despite successful restoration of attegrade blood flow in the infarct-related artery after primary percutaneous coronary intervention. The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio has been shown to be superior to conventional lipid markers in predicting most cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we wanted to reveal the predictive value of the NR by comparing the Non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio with traditional and non-traditional lipid markers in patients who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI) due to ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Methods: A total of 1284 consecutive patients who underwent pPCI for STEMI were included in this study. Traditional lipid profiles were detected and non-traditional lipid indices were calculated. Patients were classified as groups with and without NR and compared in terms of lipid profiles. Results: No-reflow was seen in 18.8% of the patients. SYNTAX score, maximal stent length, high thrombus burden, atherogenic index of plasma and non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio were determined as independent predictors for NR (p < 0.05, for all). The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio predicts the development of NR in STEMI patients with 71% sensitivity and 67% specificity at the best cut-off value. In ROC curve analysis, the non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio was superior to traditional and non-traditional lipid markers in predicting NR (p < 0.05, for all). Conclusion: The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio can be a strong and independent predictor of NR in STEMI patients and and therefore non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio may be a useful lipid-based biomarker that can be used in clinical practice to improve the accuracy of risk assessment in patients with STEMI. © 2024 Belgian Society of Cardiology.
Vitamin D was Superior to Omega-3 as a Simvastatin Adjuvant in Improving Blood Lipids and Atherogenic Index in Type-I Dyslipidemic Rats; Objectives: Adjuvant therapy is often used to optimize the antihyperlipidemic effect of simvastatin. Omega-3 and vitamin D supplementation are recommended as adjuvant therapies to low-intensity statins. This study aimed to compare the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 as adjuvant therapy to simvastatin to improve the lipid profiles and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in type-I dyslipidemic rats. Materials and Methods: Thirty-six male rats were randomized and divided into six groups: healthy control, dyslipidemic rats with no treatment, and dyslipidemic rats treated with either low-dose simvastatin only or omega-3 or vitamin D at low and high doses. Dyslipidemia was induced with high-fat diets for four weeks, followed by treatment for the next two weeks. Blood samples were withdrawn before and after simvastatin treatment. In addition, aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) levels were analyzed to assess liver function. Results: Administration of a high-fat diet-induced type 1 dyslipidemia and increased ALT levels (p < 0.05). Treatment with low-dose simvastatin did not significantly improve triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) or non-HDLc levels. When combined with a high-dose vitamin D, simvastatin significantly reduced TG and increased HDLc levels (p < 0.05), thereby improving AIP levels. This improvement was not observed in rats treated with omega-3 or vitamin D at a lower dose. Conclusion: We concluded that high-dose vitamin D as an adjuvant to simvastatin therapy was superior to omega-3 in improving TG, HDL, and AIP levels. High-dose vitamin D also improved ALT levels in type-I dyslipidemic rats. This result may be translated in clinics to reduce the risk of coronary syndrome in patients with type-I dyslipidemia. © 2023 The Author.
Human gain-of-function variants in HNF1A confer protection from diabetes but independently increase hepatic secretion of atherogenic lipoproteins; Loss-of-function mutations in hepatocyte nuclear factor 1A (HNF1A) are known to cause rare forms of diabetes and alter hepatic physiology through unclear mechanisms. In the general population, 1:100 individuals carry a rare, protein-coding HNF1A variant, most of unknown functional consequence. To characterize the full allelic series, we performed deep mutational scanning of 11,970 protein-coding HNF1A variants in human hepatocytes and clinical correlation with 553,246 exome-sequenced individuals. Surprisingly, we found that ∼1:5 rare protein-coding HNF1A variants in the general population cause molecular gain of function (GOF), increasing the transcriptional activity of HNF1A by up to 50% and conferring protection from type 2 diabetes (odds ratio [OR] = 0.77, p = 0.007). Increased hepatic expression of HNF1A promoted a pro-atherogenic serum profile mediated in part by enhanced transcription of risk genes including ANGPTL3 and PCSK9. In summary, ∼1:300 individuals carry a GOF variant in HNF1A that protects carriers from diabetes but enhances hepatic secretion of atherogenic lipoproteins. © 2023
Research progress of lipid-derived parameters in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Dyslipidemia stands as an autonomous peril in the realm of atherosclerotic cardiovascular maladies. Prompt identification and timely intervention in the case of dyslipidemia hold promise for substantially curbing the onset and fatality rates associated with coronary heart disease. Traditional lipid surveillance metrics employed in clinical settings, such as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, exhibit notable limitations. Conversely, lipid-derived parameters emerge as formidable contenders, demonstrating a capacity to amalgamate and quantify disparate risk factors and multifactorial etiologies inherent in a given disease. By encompassing a broader spectrum of information than singular indices, these parameters offer a more profound insight into disease progression by virtue of their grounding in the physiological intricacies of lipid metabolism. Drawing upon extant domestic and international guidelines and research, this discourse delineates and synthesizes four lipid-derived parameters with promising clinical applications: atherogenic index of plasma, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B/A1 ratio, and lipoprotein combine index, and forwards a perspective grounded in current strides in clinical research. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association of Indices of Adiposity with Lipoprotein Sub-fractions in the general Population of Amritsar City; Elevated low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in circulation may get deposited in coronary arteries and result in atherosclerotic plaques at an early age and act as risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. More recent and detailed anthropometric indices in addition to traditional indices were assessed in this study along with lipid profile and lipoprotein indices in urban population (n = 100) of Amritsar, Punjab. n = 48 subjects comprised the case group and n = 52 subjects the control group. Study was approved by the Institutional Ethics Committee of Guru Nanak Dev University and individual voluntary written informed consent was provided by the study group. 46% of cases were obese and lipids and lipoprotein indices were significantly higher in obese group while low density lipoprotein cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol/high density lipoprotein cholesterol also in overweight category. Factor analysis extracted the 7 components out of 23 variables with a cummulative variance of 81.45%. Females had higher central obesity, waist hip ratio, waist height ratio and body adiposity index. Pearson’s correlation analysis revealed a positive significant association of age (r = 0.363, p = 0.027), socio-economic status (r = 0.328, p = 0.023), waist hip ratio (r = 0.298, p = 0.042), waist height ratio (r = 0.864, p = 0 000) and body mass index (r = 0.794, p = 0.000) with low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and of gender with atherogenic index (r = 0.363, p = 0.011). Also, a significant correlation of total body fat mass with atherogenic index (r = 0.286, p = 0.048) and and body roundness index with low density lipoprotein (r = 0.345, p = 0.016) was observed. Multivariate regression analysis revealed age (B = 0.318, t = 2.380, p = 0.022) and gender (B = 0.370, t = 2.687, p = 0.010) to be significant predictors of body roundness index as well as age (B = 0.139, t = 2.307, p = 0.027) of low density lipoprotein cholesterol. The highest prediction accuracy was showed by waist circumference (AUC = 0.597) and the least by a body shape index (AUC = 0.458) as revealed by Receiver Operating Characteristics analysis. A positive association of low density lipoproteins with central and general obesity, signifies that lipid metabolism gets affected by adiposity and may further affect the lipoprotein indices which are reported to be associated with atherosclerosis and coronary heart diseases. © 2022, Indian National Science Academy.
Atherogenic index of plasma is associated with epicardial adipose tissue volume assessed on coronary computed tomography angiography; The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel biomarker of atherogenic dyslipidaemia (AD), but its relationship with cardiac adipose tissue depots is unknown. We aimed to assess the association of AD with cardiac adipose tissue parameters on coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). We studied 161 patients who underwent CCTA between 2008 and 2011 (age 59.0 ± 14.0 years). AD was defined as triglyceride (TG) > 1.7 mmol/L and HDL < 1.0 mmol/L (n = 34). AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithmic ratio of TG to HDL. Plaque burden was assessed using the CT-Leaman score (CT-LeSc). We studied volume and attenuation of epicardial adipose tissue (EAT-v and EAT-a) and pericoronary adipose tissue (PCAT-v and PCAT-a) on CCTA using semi-automated software. Patients with AD had higher PCAT-v (p = 0.042) and EAT-v (p = 0.041). AIP was associated with EAT-v (p = 0.006), type II diabetes (p = 0.009) and male sex (p < 0.001) and correlated with CT-LeSc (p = 0.040). On multivariable analysis, AIP was associated with EAT-v ≥ 52.3 cm3, age, male sex and type II diabetes when corrected for traditional risk factors and plaque burden. AIP is associated with increased EAT volume, but not PCAT-a, after multivariable adjustment. These findings indicate AIP is associated with adverse adipose tissue changes which may increase coronary risk. © 2022, The Author(s).
Endothelial Dysfunction under the Scope of Arterial Hypertension, Coronary Heart Disease, and Diabetes Mellitus using the Angioscan; Background: Cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus are among the leading causes of mortality. Objectives: Our study evaluated endothelial function in patients with arterial hypertension, coronary heart disease, and diabetes mellitus. Aims: This study aimed to assess the degree of endothelial dysfunction in individuals with cardiovascular risk factors older than 55 years of age. Materials and Methods: A total of 112 patients were subdivided into three groups according to the existing disease; the first group consisted of 50 patients diagnosed with arterial hypertension (AH), the second group consisted of 30 patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD), and the third group included 20 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). The control group included 12 practically healthy volunteers, comparable in age and sex. Exclusion criteria were age under 55 years, severe concomitant diseases in the acute phase or acute infectious diseases, and oncopathology. Considered factors of cardiovascular risk include dyslipidemia, elevated fasting blood glucose, hypertension, obesity, cigarette smoking, and heredity for CVD. Moreover, tests were conducted with the help of the device 'AngioScan-01' (LLC "AngioScan Electronics"). Endothelium-dependent vasodilation (EDV), the index of stiffness of the vascular wall (SI), and the atherogenic index (log-HDL/D)) were evaluated. The analysis of the data obtained was carried out using the IBM SPSS Statistic program. Results: In the control group, the atherogenic index was in the range of 3.34 (the normal is up to 3.5). The highest atherogenic index, 4.01, was observed in the DM group (differences with the control group are statistically significant). In the AH and IHD groups, the atherogenic index was 3.57 and 3.65, respectively. In the control group, the level of glycemia was 4.45 mmol/l. The highest level of fasting glucose was reported in the DM group, i.e., 6.7 mmol/l (differences with the control group were statistically significant). In the first and second groups, the fasting glucose level was 5.07 mmol/l and 5.08 mmol/l, respectively. In the control group, the mean EDV score was 2,056 ± 0.757 mm, and the lowest EDV in the DM group was 1.365 ± 0.413, but in the AH and IHD groups, it was also significantly reduced by 1.404 ± 0.440 and 1.377 ± 0.390, respectively. The stiffness index in the control group was 6.725 ± 0.776 m/s. In the DM group, this parameter was 8.258 ± 0.656 m/s; in the AH and IHD groups, it was 7.398 ± 1.330 m/s and 7.486 ± 0.816 m/s, respectively. Conclusion: In conclusion, the study of endothelial function using non-invasive angioscan reflects the influence of risk factors on the vascular wall. The most severe endothelial dysfunction is expressed in patients with diabetes. The results of endothelium-dependent vasodilation and the vascular wall stiffness index (SI) correspond to the scale of evaluation of the 10-year CVD mortality risk (SCORE). These results indicate a deterioration in the vascular ability to vasodilate in patients in response to mechanical deformation of the endothelium and the effect of NO on smooth muscle vascular cells. © 2024 Bentham Science Publishers.
Body Composition in Long-Living Patients with Coronary Artery Disease; Background/Purpose: Limited data are available on body composition in centenarians; therefore, we investigated the body composition in patients over 90 years old (long-livers) with coronary artery disease (CAD), and analyzed the relationships between the fat and lean tissues, bone mineral density, and functionality of long-living persons. Methods: A cross-sectional study of 200 patients (30% of men and 70% of women) who were hospitalized with diagnosis of CAD was conducted. The age of the patients varied from 90 to 106 years. The body composition was analyzed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Overweight or obesity were diagnosed in 70.3% of patients. Musculoskeletal index remained within normal values in 72.1% of patients and was below normal in 27.9% of patients. Decrease of total BMD (T-score) below-2.5SD was detected in 40%, and normal total T-score-in 30.7% of patients. The smallest values of BMD were found in ribs, the largest-in spine and lower extremities. Significant positive correlation was found between BMD and fat mass in all parts of the body (r=0.6; p <0.001). Positive correlation was found between the lean mass and BMD (r=0.64; p <0.001). Negative correlation was found between the fat and lean mass, in particular, in lower extremities (r=-0.47; p <0.001). Conclusion: The study results indicate some features of body composition in long-livers. The proportion of overweight patients with normal indices of BMD and lean mass was relatively high. Significant relationships between the bone, adipose and lean tissues were demonstrated. © 2022, Full Universe Integrated Marketing Limited. All rights reserved.
Correlation between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in males of different ages: a retrospective study; Background: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) as a newly discovered blood lipid parameter was shown to be strongly correlated with coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the blood lipid levels changed with age, so we speculated that the correlation between AIP and CAD was also affected by age. Methods: A retrospective study was performed on male patients with confirmed or suspected CAD who underwent coronary angiography (CAG) from July 2017 to March 2021. Patients were divided into younger, middle early, middle late, and elderly groups. Patients in each age group were further divided into the non-coronary artery disease (n-CAD) and CAD subgroups according to the CAG diagnostic results. The relationship between blood lipid parameters and CAD was assessed in each age group. Results: Age-dependent changes of blood lipid levels were mainly found in CAD patients but not in n-CAD patients. With increased age, the levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and AIP were gradually decreased, whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was increased in CAD patients. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in middle early (OR 2.601; CI 1.160–5.832, P = 0.02) and middle late age group (OR 2.707, CI 1.201–6.100, P = 0.016), but not in the younger and elderly groups. LDL-C was an independent risk factor for CAD in all age groups. The areas under curve of AIP for detecting CAD in the middle early and middle late age groups were not higher than that of other blood lipid parameters. Conclusion: Although this was a single-center study for males only, the correlation between AIP level and CAD risk was age-dependent. AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in the middle-aged groups. However, the predictive value of AIP for detecting CAD was not better than that of the traditional blood lipid parameters such as LDL-C. © 2022, The Author(s).
Atherogenic index of plasma as a predictor of coronary artery disease: a cohort study in south of Iran; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is an atherosclerotic disease of an inflammatory nature. Previous studies examining the relationship between triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol have highlighted the importance of plasma atherogenic index (AIP) as an important predictor of coronary heart disease. However, due to the lack of adequate information on this topic, this study aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and coronary heart disease risk. Results: This study included 2,226 women and 1,690 men aged 35–70 years who participated in the Bandar Kong Cohort study and met the eligibility criteria. The data was collected using a checklist and questionnaires, which were designed by experienced individuals. After participants completed a registration form and gave informed consent, face-to-face interviews were conducted by trained experts. The validity and reliability of the questionnaire had been verified by the national cohort team prior to its use. The Ethics Committee of Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences (IR.HUMS.REC.1400.171) approved the study. Data from the initial cohort survey using SPSS software version 25, were analyzed to include several factors, including age, sex, smoking status, body mass index (BMI), physical activity level, socioeconomic status, AIP, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. The prevalence of coronary heart disease was found to be 7.5% higher in people with a BMI of 25 or higher. Also, Individuals with low physical activity had a higher prevalence. Individuals with CAD had significantly higher mean values for the AIP, age, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure (0.46, 57.50, 128.43, and 81.10, respectively) compared to those without CAD. Furthermore, patients with CAD had lower years of education (2649.45 and 3.59) than individuals without CAD (P < 0.05). Importantly, our findings showed that AIP increased the odds ratio of coronary heart disease by 1.86 as an independent risk factor. Conclusions: Based on our investigation, the AIP is a valuable and independent predictive risk factor for coronary artery disease. This index can be utilized effectively due to its accessibility and affordability, making it a promising tool for risk assessment in clinical settings. © The Author(s) 2024.
Evaluating the use of novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in predicting the risk of coronary artery disease: a case‒control investigation with comparison to traditional biomarkers; Background: Due to the contribution of coronary artery disease (CAD) to serious cardiovascular events, determining biomarkers that could robustly predict its risk would be of utmost importance. Thus, this research was designed to assess the value of traditional cardio-metabolic indices, and more novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in the identification of individuals at risk of CAD. Methods: A case‒control survey was conducted, in which 3085 individuals were enrolled. Their clinical and biochemical data were gathered at baseline. The investigated indices included the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, TyG-body mass index (TyG-BMI), lipoprotein combine index (LCI), cholesterol index (CHOLINDEX), Castelli’s risk indices-I, II (CRI-I, CRI-II), and metabolic score for insulin resistance (METS − IR). To examine the relationship between these variables and CAD risk, multiple regression analyses adjusted for potential confounders were conducted. Results: Overall, 774 angiographically confirmed CAD patients (mean age = 54 years) were compared with 3085 controls (mean age = 51 years). Higher triglyceride, total cholesterol and fasting blood sugar levels and lower HDL-C levels were related to an elevated risk of CAD (P-for-trend < 0.001), while the direct association between increased serum LDL-C concentrations and a greater risk of CAD only became apparent when excluding those with diabetes, and statin users. Among novel indices, greater values of the majority of these markers, including AIP, CRI-I, and -II, CHOLINDEX, LCI, and TyG-index, in comparison to the lower values, significantly elevated CAD risk (P-for-trend < 0.001). Conclusion: According to the current findings, novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers, in particular, AIP, CRI-I and II, CHOLINDEX, LCI, and TyG-index, may be useful in predicting CAD risk. © 2022, The Author(s).
Coronary artery calcification burden, atherogenic index of plasma, and risk of adverse cardiovascular events in the general population: evidence from a mediation analysis; Background: Dyslipidemia and abnormal cholesterol metabolism are closely related to coronary artery calcification (CAC) and are also critical factors in cardiovascular disease death. In recent years, the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been widely used to evaluate vascular sclerosis. This study aimed to investigate the potential association of AIP between CAC and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). Methods: This study included 1,121 participants whose CACs were measured by multislice spiral CT. Participants’ CAC Agatston score, CAC mass, CAC volume, and number of vessels with CACs were assessed. AIP is defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) concentration to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration. We investigated the multivariate-adjusted associations between AIP, CAC, and MACEs. The mediating role of the AIP in CAC and MACEs was subsequently discussed. Results: During a median follow-up of 31 months, 74 MACEs were identified. For each additional unit of log-converted CAC, the MACE risk increased by 48% (HR 1.48 [95% CI 1.32–1.65]). For each additional unit of the AIP (multiplied by 10), the MACEs risk increased by 19%. Causal mediation analysis revealed that the AIP played a partial mediating role between CAC (CAC Agatston score, CAC mass) and MACEs, and the mediating proportions were 8.16% and 16.5%, respectively. However, the mediating effect of CAC volume tended to be nonsignificant (P = 0.137). Conclusions: An increased AIP can be a risk factor for CAC and MACEs. Biomarkers based on lipid ratios are a readily available and low-cost strategy for identifying MACEs and mediating the association between CAC and MACEs. These findings provide a new perspective on CAC treatment, early diagnosis, and prevention of MACEs. © The Author(s) 2024.
Multiple triglyceride-derived metabolic indices and incident cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease; Background: Triglyceride (TG) and its related metabolic indices are recognized as important biomarker gauging cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to explore the association between multiple TG-derived metabolic indices including the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, triglyceride glucose-body mass index (TyG-BMI) and cardiovascular outcomes to identify valuable predictors for cardiovascular prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods: Data of 1034 patients with T2DM and CHD from China-Japan Friendship Hospital between January 2019 and March 2022 were collected and analyzed. Multivariate Cox proportional hazards models and restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis were conducted to examine the associations between AIP, TyG index, TyG-BMI and major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) was used to screen the most valuable predictor. Kaplan-Meier curve analysis was employed to examine the relationship between the predictor and prognosis. The goodness-of-fit of models was evaluated using the calibration curve and χ2 likelihood ratio test. Subgroup analysis and interaction test were performed to control for confounding factors. Results: The overall incidence of MACCEs was 31.04% during a median of 13.3 months of follow-up. The results showed that AIP, TyG index and TyG-BMI were all positively correlated with the risk of MACCEs in patients with T2DM and CHD (P < 0.05). Furthermore, ROC (AUC = 0.899) suggested that AIP had the strongest ability to predict the risk of MACCEs, and the highest AIP values enhanced the risk by 83.5% in the population. RCS model demonstrated that AIP was nonlinearly associated with the incident cardiovascular outcomes (P for nonlinear = 0.0118). The Kaplan-Meier analysis for MACCEs grouped by the AIP tertiles indicated that the probability of cumulative incidences of MACCEs was significantly higher in patients with a higher AIP (all Log rank P < 0.001). Meanwhile, the calibration curve demonstrated an excellent goodness-of-fit of the multivariate model (χ2 = 13.210, P = 0.105). Subgroup analysis revealed that the trend of positive association of AIP with cardiovascular risk was similar across subgroups except in non-hypertensive individuals. Conclusion: Our study, for the first time, may provide valuable information that multiple TG-derived metabolic indices play a crucial role in the risk of MACCEs and it is recommended to monitor the AIP for lipid management in patients with established T2DM and CHD. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association of Atherogenic Index of Plasma With Angiographic Progression in Patients With Suspected Coronary Artery Disease; The present study aimed to explore the correlation of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with angiographic progression of coronary artery disease (CAD). AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. The extent of coronary lesion was assessed by the Gensini Score (GS) system and angiographic progression was defined as the GS rate of change per year >1 point. A total of 896 patients with suspected CAD who underwent coronary computed tomography angiography twice at intervals of >6 months were included. Baseline AIP was positively correlated with remnant cholesterol (r =.644, P <.001). When patients were assigned into four groups according to baseline AIP quartiles, the incidence of CAD progression significantly increased across the quartiles of AIP (Q1 [lowest]: 23.7 vs Q2: 29.9 vs Q3: 33.9 vs Q4 [highest]: 34.8%; P =.042). After multivariate adjustment, the odds ratio for CAD progression was 1.89 when comparing the highest to the lowest quartile of AIP (95% confidence interval: 1.18–3.02; P =.008). Therefore, AIP was independently correlated with angiographic progression of CAD beyond conventional risk factors, suggesting that AIP may play a role in early risk stratification as a simple surrogate of residual risk. © The Author(s) 2022.
Atherogenic index of plasma: a new indicator for assessing the short-term mortality of patients with acute decompensated heart failure; Objective: Arteriosclerosis is a primary causative factor in cardiovascular diseases. This study aims to explore the correlation between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and the 30-day mortality rate in patients with acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF). Methods: A total of 1,248 ADHF patients recruited from the Jiangxi-Acute Decompensated Heart Failure1 (JX-ADHF1) cohort between 2019 and 2022 were selected for this study. The primary outcome was the 30-day mortality rate. Multivariable Cox regression, restricted cubic splines (RCS), and stratified analyses were utilized to assess the relationship between AIP and the 30-day mortality rate in ADHF patients. Mediation models were employed for exploratory analysis of the roles of inflammation, oxidative stress, and nutrition in the association between AIP and the 30-day mortality rate in ADHF patients. Results: During the 30-day follow-up, 42 (3.37%) of the ADHF patients died. The mortality rates corresponding to the quartiles of AIP were as follows: Q1: 1.28%, Q2: 2.88%, Q3: 2.88%, Q4: 6.41%. The multivariable Cox regression revealed a positive correlation between high AIP and the 30-day mortality rate in ADHF patients [Hazard ratio (HR) 3.94, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.08-14.28], independent of age, gender, heart failure type, cardiac function classification, and comorbidities. It is important to note that there was a U-shaped curve association between AIP (<0.24) and the 30-day mortality rate before the fourth quartile, with the lowest 30-day mortality risk in ADHF patients around an AIP of -0.1. Furthermore, mediation analysis suggested significant mediating effects of inflammation and nutrition on the 30-day mortality rate in ADHF patients related to AIP, with inflammation accounting for approximately 24.29% and nutrition for about 8.16% of the mediation effect. Conclusion: This retrospective cohort analysis reveals for the first time the association between AIP and the 30-day mortality rate in ADHF patients. According to our findings, maintaining an AIP around -0.1 in ADHF patients could be crucial for improving poor prognoses from a medical perspective. Additionally, for ADHF patients with high AIP, it is important to assess and, if necessary, enhance nutritional support and anti-inflammatory treatment. Copyright © 2024 Yu, Yang, Kuang, Qiu, Yu, Xie, Sheng and Zou.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma Predicts Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease in Patients with Stable Angina Pectoris; Aims: Chronic coronary syndrome is associated with several risk factors, such as dyslipidemia and hypertension. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been demonstrated to be a biochemical risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to determine whether the AIP is an effective parameter for estimating obstructive CAD. Methods and Results: A total of 345 patients (with a mean age of 62.2 ± 10.3; 63% male) who underwent coronary angiography were included in this study. Obstructive CAD is defined as having one or more vessels with a stenosis level of ≥50%. Depending on the presence of obstructive CAD, all patients were divided into two groups. The mean AIP value was found to be 0.538 ± 0.26 in the study group. The AIP values were significantly higher in the obstructive coronary artery group (AIP; 0.49 ± 0.26 vs. 0.58 ± 0.27, p = 0.002). According to a univariable analysis, AIP values were significantly associated with obstructive coronary artery disease [OR: 3.74 (CI 95% 1.62–8.64), p = 0.020]. The AIP was further adjusted for confounding risk factors in three multivariable analysis models and, all three models showed a significant association. According to an ROC analysis, 0.49 is the cut-off value for AIP, and a value above 0.49 indicates 50% coronary artpery stenosis. Conclusions: The AIP may be used in the assessment of cardiovascular risk for patients with stable angina pectoris, and it may also be used to estimate obstructive CAD. © 2023 by the authors.
Atherogenic index of plasma predicts coronary artery disease severity and major adverse cardiac events in absence of conventional risk factors; Background Various overlapping risk factors lead to coronary artery disease (CAD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a marker for CAD severity and progression. However, little is known about its contribution to the residual risk of CAD observed in the absence of all typical risk factors. Methods A prospective cohort study of 366 Indian patients undergoing coronary computed tomography (CT) angiography and diagnosed with stable CAD. Diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, smoking, previous CAD, alcohol or lipid-lowering medication intake, renal, liver or thyroid dysfunction were exclusion criteria. Coronary stenosis was graded using the CAD-reporting and data system (CAD-RADS™) system. Lipid profile, HbA1c, uric acid, highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and anthropometric measurements were taken. AIP, triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and total cholesterol (Tc)/HDLc ratios were calculated. Independent predictors of CAD severity and the occurrence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) during 2.57 (0.52) years of follow-up were identified using logistic regression and Cox proportional hazards regression. Results Sixty patients experienced a MACE during a cumulative 887.03 person-years. HbA1c, uric acid, hsCRP, Tc/HDLc and AIP were independent predictors of severe coronary lesions (CAD-RADS 4,5) on multivariate analysis with odds ratio 4.52 (2.37-8.61), 1.41 (1.08-1.84), 1.33 (1.09-1.62), 1.76 (1.27-2.44) and 1.29 (1.11-1.50), respectively. Only AIP and Tc/HDLc were independent predictors of MACE with hazard ratios of 1.41 (1.20-1.65) and 1.78 (1.33-2.39) besides patient age and CAD severity. Conclusion AIP is associated with both the severity of CAD and the occurrence of MACE within 3 years. It could serve as an effective marker of residual risk of CAD in patients devoid of traditional risk factors. Lipid-profile ratios, such as AIP are cost-effective and accessible parameters suitable for low and middle-income settings. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Exploring the burden of mixed dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study in Kashmir, India; Background: Diabetes-related dyslipidemia is a multifaceted, complicated disorder characterized by an abnormal lipid profile in individuals with diabetes. The incidence of different types of dyslipidemia, however, was not a focus of prior investigations. The patients were characterized into three categories of dyslipidemia. Different patterns of dyslipidemia were combined into single dyslipidemia (7 patterns), mixed dyslipidemia (16 patterns), and triple dyslipidemia (4 patterns). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 586 people suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included. We assessed the serum lipid profile and used log (TG/HDL-C) to determine the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Dyslipidemia was examined as a categorical variable, and the findings were presented as percentages and numbers. To compare categorical variables, we either utilized Fisher exact tests or Chi square tests. Results: The study comprised of 586 T2DM patients, with 310 (52.9%) women and 276 (47.1%) men. Women have significantly higher hypertension (33.6%) as compared to men (23.2%). 18.94% (111) of patients were having coronary artery disease (CAD) history consisting of 12.28% (72) females and 6.66% (39) males, a difference which is statistically significant. 98.12% of total individuals had as a minimum of one lipid abnormality. 4.61% (27) of study subjects were having isolated dyslipidemia and 93.51% (548) had dual or triple pattern of dyslipidemia (mixed dyslipidemia). High AIP >0.24 (94.8%) was the most predominant trend of dyslipidemia. The dual combination of AIP (>0.24) and HDL (<50 mg/dL in Females and <40 mg/dL in Males) was found to be the most common pattern of mixed dyslipidemia (68.08%). The most prevalent trend of isolated dyslipidemia was found to be high AIP (>0.24), In patients with CAD history. Among the mixed dyslipidemia, the common pattern of dyslipidemia (71.17%) was the dual combination of high AIP (>0.24) and low HDL (<50 mg/dL women and <40 mg/dL males). The triple combination of TG (≥200 mg/dL) and HDL (<40 and <50 mg/dL) and LDL (≥100 mg/dL) was only found in females. Conclusion: In conclusion, dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in T2DM patients, with mixed dyslipidemia being the most common type observed in the community of Kashmir valley, India. High AIP was the most prevalent pattern in the current investigation. © 2023 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The Triglyceride–Glucose Index Might Be a Better Indicator for Predicting Poor Cardiovascular Outcomes in Chronic Coronary Syndrome; This study aimed to explore the potential association between the triglyceride–glucose index (TyG) and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP)—both considered surrogate markers for atherosclerosis—and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome (CCS). We conducted a retrospective analysis, encompassing 715 consecutive patients with intermediate CCS risk, who presented at the outpatient clinic between June 2020 and August 2022. MACEs included non-fatal myocardial infarction, hospitalization for heart failure, cerebrovascular events, non-cardiac mortality, and cardiac mortality. The primary outcome was the composite occurrence of MACEs during the follow-up period. For time-to-event analysis of the primary outcome, we employed Kaplan–Meier plots and Cox proportional hazard models. The median age of the overall study population was 55 years, with a median follow-up duration of 17 months. Multivariate Cox regression analysis identified age, hypertension, Coronary Artery Disease–Reporting and Data System score, and TyG index as independent predictors of the primary outcome. Notably, individuals with high TyG levels exhibited a significantly higher primary outcome rate compared to those with low TyG levels (18.7% vs. 3.8%, p < 0.001). Similarly, patients with elevated TyG values demonstrated statistically higher rates of cerebrovascular events, hospitalizations for heart failure, non-fatal myocardial infarctions, non-cardiac mortality, and cardiac mortality. These findings suggest that TyG may serve as a predictive marker for adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients with CCS. © 2023 by the authors.
Atherogenic index of plasma and its association with food group intake in Korean adults: based on the baseline data of KoGES-HEXA study; Purpose: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is gaining recognition as a superior predictor of coronary artery disease. This study examined the relationship between the AIP and the intake of various food groups in Korean adults, using the baseline data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study-The Health Examinees (KoGES-HEXA) study. Methods: This study included 133,381 adults (46,288 men, 87,093 women) who completed the nutrition survey and biochemical tests of the KoGES-HEXA study. The AIP was calculated as the log (triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol) and was divided into quintiles according to sex for further analysis. Data on food group intake were obtained using the semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, and daily food group intake (g/d) was evaluated for each individual. The association between the food group intake and the AIP was examined using the linear regression analysis after adjusting for the confounding variables. Results: In this study population, there was a positive correlation between energy intake and the AIP in men whereas an inverse assocation was shown in women (p < 0.001). In women, a rise in the AIP significantly correlated with an increased percentage of energy intake derived from carbohydrates but decreased percentages of energy from protein and fat (p < 0.001). In men and women, the consumption of grains and kimchi/pickles increased as the AIP rose, while the intake of legumes, nuts, meat and its products, eggs, fish, and milk and dairy products decreased. Among men, individuals in the highest AIP group showed higher intake of wheat products than those in the lowest group of the AIP. In women, the AIP was inversely correlated with potatoes and beverages consumption. Conclusion: This study highlights the importance of a balanced diet, including various protein sources, milk and dairy products, legumes, and nuts, for preventing cardiovascular diseases. Further research into sex-specific dietary patterns is essential for tailoring appropriate dietary recommendations. © 2024 The Korean Nutrition Society.
Sex difference in the relationship of the Atherogenic index of plasma with coronary artery lesions in diabetes: a cross-sectional study; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) tends to progress more rapidly in the type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) population and may be associated with dyslipidemia. This study explored the relationship of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) to coronary artery lesions in the T2DM population of different sexes. Methods: The research included 737 individuals who underwent coronary angiography from 2018 to 2019. The included clinical data and coronary angiographic findings were analyzed in the study. Results: Among the included male patients, those with coronary artery disease had a higher adjusted AIP (aAIP). In correlation analysis, the Gensini score was positively and linearly correlated with the aAIP in male T2DM patients. An aAIP cutoff value of 1.17 was determined from the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of aAIP versus CAD risk in the study population. After dividing the aAIP into two groups by the cutoff value of aAIP, the group with the lower value was used as the control for logistic regression analysis. The results showed that the risk of CAD and multivessel lesions was higher when the aAIP was higher in men with T2DM, and this positive association was not affected by HbA1c, age, or the presence of glucose-lowering therapy. The ROC curve suggested that the aAIP can predict CAD risk in male T2DM patients. However, no relationship was found in the included female patients. Conclusion: In male T2DM patients, AIP may serve as a reliable marker for coronary artery lesions. © 2023, The Author(s).
Diabetes Mellitus Mediates the Relationship Between Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Gallstones: A Population-Based Cross-Sectional Study; Purpose: Previous studies have shown a correlation between diabetes mellitus and gallstone formation. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is associated with many metabolic diseases. However, insufficient evidence still exists to elucidate the association between AIP and gallstones. The primary objective of this study was to investigate the correlation between AIP and gallstones in US adults, and the secondary objective was to analyze whether diabetes plays a mediating role in the association. Patients and Methods: Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Survey (NHANES) conducted between 2017 and March 2020, this study investigated the association between AIP and gallstone incidence in US adults. A variety of statistical methods were used to analyze the data in this study, including multivariate logistic regression, subgroup analyses, restricted cubic spline curves (RCS), and mediation effects analysis. In addition, two-stage linear regression was used to detect possible threshold and saturation effects. Results: A total of 6952 subjects were enrolled in the trial, of which 748 patients were diagnosed with gallstones. A significant positive association between AIP and gallstones was observed by fully adjusted multivariate logistic regression analysis, with an odds ratio (OR) of 1.45 and a 95% confidence interval (CI) of (1.09, 1.93). In addition, a non-linear positive association and saturation effect between AIP and gallstones were found, with an inflection point of 0.2246. Mediation analysis showed that diabetes had a mediating effect of 16.9% in the association between AIP and gallstones. Conclusion: This study suggests that elevated levels of AIP are linked to an augmented vulnerability to gallstone development, with diabetes serving as a mediating factor. These findings present a novel perspective on clinical approaches to prevent and manage gallstones. © 2024 Du et al.
The Predictive Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Non- High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and Lipoprotein Combine Index for Stroke Incidence and Prognosis in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients; Purpose: The serum lipid level is strongly associated with atherosclerosis. However, research on the relationship between lipid-derived indices and acute ischemic stroke (AIS) occurrence in hemodialysis populations is limited. This study aimed to explore the predictive value of lipid-derived indices, including atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), Non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and lipoprotein combine index (LCI) in clinical practice for the occurrence and prognosis of AIS in hemodialysis patients. Methods: A total of 451 patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis were screened and 350 were enrolled in this study. The lipid parameters exhibit a progressive increase across the tertiles, with values rising from Q1 through Q3. Enrolled patients were divided into three groups (Q1, Q2, and Q3) based on tertiles of AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and LCI values. Kaplan-Meier curves were performed to investigate the association between the AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, LCI and AIS-free survival in hemodialysis patients. Chi-square analysis was used to explore the association between the AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, LCI and AIS outcomes in hemodialysis patients. AIS outcomes were assessed using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS). Results: Kaplan-Meier analysis revealed that the AIS-free survival rates were significantly higher in the Q1 group compared to Q2 and Q3 groups for AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and LCI. Log rank tests showed statistically significant differences between the Q1 group and the Q2 and Q3 groups (p < 0.05 for all). The proportion of patients with a good outcome mRS was higher in the Q1 group compared to the Q2-Q3 groups (AIP: 0.818 vs 0.792; Non-HDL-C: 0.866 vs 0.767; Non-HDL-C/HDL-C: 0.867 vs 0.767; LCI: 0.938 vs 0.750). Conclusion: The four lipid-derived parameters are effective predictors of AIS in patients undergoing hemodialysis, and AIP has a strongest correlation with the risk of AIS. Hemodialysis patients with elevated levels of the four lipid-derived indices had a higher incidence of AIS and poorer functional outcomes compared to those with lower levels. Our conclusions may require confirmation by further research in the future. © 2024 Ma et al.
Oral 24-week probiotics supplementation did not decrease cardiovascular risk markers in patients with biopsy proven NASH: A double-blind placebo-controlled randomized study; Introduction and objectives: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the major cause of death in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a clinical condition without any approved pharmacological therapy. Probiotics are often indicated for the disease, but their results are controversial in part due to the poor quality of studies. Thus, we investigated the impact of 24-week probiotics supplementation on cardiovascular risk (CVR) in biopsy-proven non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) patients. Patients and methods: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, single-center study (NCT03467282), adult NASH, randomized for 24 weeks daily sachets of probiotic mix (109CFU of Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus paracasei and Bifidobacterium lactis) or placebo. Clinical scores (atherogenic indexes, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease-ASCVD and systematic coronary risk evaluation-SCORE), biochemistry, miR-122, miR-33a, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), were determined before and after the intervention. Results: Forty-six patients were enrolled (23 received probiotics and 23 placeboes), with a mean age of 51.7 years, most of them females and whites. Clinical and demographic features were similar between the groups at the baseline. The Median NAFLD activity score was 4.13 in both groups. Fibrosis was mild in most patients (15.2% and 65.2% F0 and F1, respectively). Treatment did not promote any clinically significant changes in body mass index or laboratory, including lipid and glucose profile. High CVR patients through atherogenic indexes decreased from baseline in both groups, as well as PAI-1 and miR-122 levels, although there was no difference between probiotics and placebo. Conclusion: A 24-week probiotic mix administration was not superior to placebo in reducing CVR markers in patients with NASH. © 2022
Evaluation of the Atherogenic Index of Plasma to Predict All-Cause Mortality in Elderly With Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Long-Term Follow-Up; The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) and acute coronary syndrome (ACS), but the relationship between AIP and ACS in elderly patients remains unclear. We investigated the prognostic capability of AIP for in-hospital and long-term mortality in elderly patients with ACS undergoing coronary angiography (CA). We analyzed 627 patients with ACS over 75 years of age who were admitted to our clinic between April 2015 and December 2022 and underwent CA. The primary clinical endpoints were in-hospital, 30-day, 1-year, and long-term mortality. The median follow-up time was 27 months. AIP was defined as log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). In-hospital mortality rates for patients with AIP ≤.1 and AIP >.1 were 4.7% and 17.6% (P <.001), 30-day mortality rates were 8.7% and 32.2% (P =.01), 1-year mortality rates were 12.1% and 45.1% (P <.001), and long-term mortality rates were 47.3% and 67.5% (P <.001), respectively. Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed AIP, age, left ventricle ejection fraction (LVEF), admission creatinine, and Killip ≥2 as independent predictors for long-term mortality. AIP can predict in-hospital and long-time all-cause mortality in elderly patients with ACS undergoing CA. Age, LVEF, admission creatinine, and Killip ≥2 are additional factors that predict long-term all-cause mortality. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association between nontraditional lipid profiles and the severity of obstructive sleep apnea: A retrospective study; Background: Due to the significant role of dyslipidemia, cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are very common in obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Nontraditional lipid indices are considered to be a better predictive index for cardiovascular risk. Nevertheless, the association between nontraditional lipid profiles and the severity of OSA is not clear. Methods: A retrospective study was proceeded on 635 patients. Subjects were diagnosed with OSA through polysomnography (PSG). The association between severe OSA and nontraditional lipid profiles [triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio, total cholesterol (TC)/HDL-C ratio, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)/HDL-C ratio, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI), and lipoprotein combine index (LCI)] was examined by utilizing the restricted cubic spline and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results: All nontraditional lipid indices had positive relationships with the severity of OSA. By multivariable adjustment, the per SD increment of the TG/HDL-C, TC/ HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C, AI, and LCI were significantly associated with 88%, 50%, 42%, 40%, 50%, and 125% higher risk for severe OSA respectively. Compared with the lowest tertiles, the adjusted ORs (95% CI) were 2.42 (1.57–3.75), 2.39 (1.53–3.73), 2.35 (1.52–3.64), 1.86 (1.21–2.86), 2.39 (1.53–3.73), and 2.23 (1.43–3.48) for the top tertiles of TG/HDL-C, TC/ HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C, AI, and LCI respectively. Conclusion: All nontraditional lipid indices had positive relationship with the severity of OSA. In addition, TG/HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, and AI had better performance than the other nontraditional lipid indices for predicting severe OSA. These findings could help to determine the risk of cardiovascular diseases and improve the dyslipidemia management of OSA patients. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Clinical Laboratory Analysis published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Impact of 24-week dapagliflozin treatment on body weight, body composition, and cardiac risk indicators of patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus; Background/aim: To reveal the impacts of dapagliflozin, a sodium glucose transporter-2 inhibitor (SGLT-2i), on body weight and body composition, cardiovascular risk indices, and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). Materials and methods: The data of patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) who applied to Department of Endocrinology and Metabolic Disorders between September 2019 and 2020, and had started dapagliflozin treatment along with their current medications were recorded retrospectively. Body weights, body compositions measured through bioelectrical impedance, and CIMT with T2DM receiving SGLT-2i treatment and medication were measured at weeks 1, 12, and 24 of 42. The visceral adiposity index (VAI), lipid accumulation product (LAP), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were used to determine the lipid measurements and anthropometric values. Results: The mean change in the total body weight and total fat mass was –2.96 and –1.97 kg, respectively (p < 0.001). There was a reduction in total fat mass of 1.23 kg (from 31.4 to 29.3 kg, p < 0.001) and in body fat percentage of 2.5% (from 35.8% to 34.4%, p < 0.001) in the first 12 weeks. A mild increase was observed in both the total fat mass and body fat percentage between weeks 12 and 24, which was not statistically significant (p = 0.783 and p = 0.925, respectively), whereas there was a statistically significant reduction in high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP), AIP, and CIMT values (p = 0.006, p = 0.035, and p = 0.007, respectively). No changes were observed in the VAI and LAP values (p = 0.985 and p = 0.636, respectively). Conclusion: It was observed that dapagliflozin not only contributes to weight and fat loss but also has positive impacts on cardiovascular and atherosclerotic indicators. © TÜBİTAK.
Role of Interleukin-17 in the Pathogenesis and Progression of Coronary Artery Disease; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) remains one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Inflammation is a critical component of CAD pathogenesis, with interleukin-17 (IL-17) emerging as a key pro-inflammatory cytokine involved in various autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. Objective: This study investigates the role of IL-17 in CAD, examining its potential as a biomarker for disease severity and its mechanistic contribution to atherosclerosis. Methodology: A case-control study with 138 subjects, including 88 (CAD) patients, and 50 apparently healthy individuals age between 40-75 years, was conducted. IL-17 level were measured using (ELISA) technique. Results: higher serum IL-17 concentration was significantly observed in patients (20.0567±4.4118 pg/ml) compared with that found in the apparently healthy group (12.9072±4.0378pg/ml) (P ≤ 0.0001). Serum IL-17 level had significant positive correlations with age, atherogenic index, lipid profile (Total cholesterol,TG, LDL-C,VLDL-C. while showing significant negative correlations with high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) levels in the CAD group. The results of the receiver operating curve (ROC) and AUC analysis for CETP as a potential diagnostic parameter showed a sensitivity of 79.10%, a specificity of 76%, and AUC 0.880 at a level of ≥ 16.0837pg/ml. Conclusion: elevated levels of serum IL-17 in the bloodstream may serve as a predictive indicator of the likelihood of developing CAD. which in go to increase the danger of developing CAD. © 2024, Egyptian Society for Medical Microbiology (ESMM). All rights reserved.
Atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in China; Background: Non-diabetic coronary artery disease (CAD) patients are thought to encounter metabolic dysfunction and while these changes may be imperceptible to the patient they probably influence outcomes. At present, there is no system to support patients sensing these subtle changes, nor is there an established model for prognoses. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) index has already proven useful for atherosclerosis although further research is needed, especially for those without hyperglycemia. Methods: This is a prospective study of 5538 non-diabetic CAD patients who had received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Participants were assigned to one of three groups according to their AIP index. High AIP index cases were then compared to low index patients according to major adverse cardiac events (MACE). Restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis was also conducted to investigate interrelations between AIP index levels and hazard ratios (HR) for MACEs. Results: Patients with a high AIP index encountered metabolic dysfunction compared to those with a low AIP index i.e., higher Body Mass Index (BMI), Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), and uric acid as well as lower HDL-C. Each of the aforementioned interrelations were significant with p values of less than 0.001. There was also a significant increase in the number of MACEs in the high AIP index group compared to the low AIP index group (HR: 1.37, 95% CI 1.04–1.81; p = 0.025). A J-shaped RCS curve highlighted a change in the HR after the 0.18 juncture (HR per SD: 1.20, 95% CI 0.96–1.50). Further subgroup analysis supported the main findings, all with HRs greater than one. Conclusion: The AIP index could be used in prognostics for non-diabetic CAD patients 2 years after PCI. The relationship between hazard ratio and the AIP index appears to be J-shaped. Although, further multi-center studies designed for non-diabetic patients with potential metabolic dysfunction should be conducted to determine the value of the AIP index. © 2022, The Author(s).
The impact of energy releasing B-vitamin intake on indices of obesity and cardiac function: a cross-sectional study; Background: B vitamins play a crucial role in the balance and metabolism of energy. Energy metabolism mainly benefits from the B-complex vitamins. Specifically, decarboxylation, transamination, acylation, oxidation, and reduction of substrates that are ultimately employed in energy intake require thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, and vitamin B6. Vitamin deficiency could lead to chronic disease occurrence. Objectives: To assess the impact of energy-releasing B-vitamins intake (B1, B2, B3, and B6) on selected indices of obesity and cardiac function. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed on 491 apparently healthy adults (18-64 years old) between January and May 2019 at Hashemite University, Jordan. Anthropometric measurements were taken, lipid profiles were analyzed, and indices of obesity and cardiac function were calculated. The typical dietary intake of B1, B2, B3, and B6 vitamins was calculated. Results: Conicity index (CI) and abdominal volume index (AVI) scores significantly decreased with the increased adjusted vitamin B1 and B6 intake. Also, body roundness index (BRI), weight-adjusted-waist index (WWI), lipid accumulation product (LAP), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) scores were decreased with the increase of adjusted B6 intake (p<0.05). The total sample showed a significant inverse weak correlation between energy-adjusted intake of B1 and AVI (r= -0.156, p=0.001) and BRI (r= 0.111, p=0.014). Similar correlations were detected among male participants between energy-adjusted B1 intake and BAI, AVI, and BRI. Female participants had a significant weak inverse correlation between BAI and energy-adjusted B2 (r= -0.180, p=0.029) and B6 intake (r= -0.212, p=0.010). Only B1, the vitamin, significantly explained 2.43 and 1.24% of changes observed in the AVI and BRI scores, respectively (p<0.05). Conclusions: Increasing the consumption of B1, B2, and B6 may significantly lower values of indices of obesity and cardiac function regardless of sex differences. Thus reducing the occurrence of obesity and related coronary heart diseases. Copyright: © 2024 Agraib LM et al.
Atherogenic Combined Index: Validation of a Novel Predictive Lipid Biomarker for the Presence and Severity of Coronary Artery Disease; Background/Aim: The balance between atherogenic and antiatherogenic lipid particles significantly influences coronary artery disease (CAD), as an imbalance may contribute to the development and progression of atherosclerosis, which affects the risk and severity of CAD. This study aims to introduce and validate the atherogenic combined index (ACI) as a novel lipid biomarker that, comprehensively assesses the balance between atherogenic and antiatherogenic particles in the blood to effectively reflect the cumulative atherogenic effect and its association with the presence and severity of CAD. Material and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 1,830 patients diagnosed with CAD and a total of 650 patients without CAD were included in the study cohort for comprehensive analysis and comparison. Based on the tertiles of the SYNTAX score (SS), three subgroups of patients with CAD were identified. ACI and other atherogenic indices were compared to predict the presence and severity of CAD. Results: The levels of ACI and other non-traditional lipid markers levels were higher in the CAD group compared to the non-CAD group (p <0.05, for all). ACI showed a good linear association with the SYNTAX score (r = 0.527; p <0.001). The multivariate logistic regression model showed that ACI was an independent predictor of the presence (OR: 1.602, 95% CI: 1.509–1.701, p <0.001) and severity (OR: 1.296, 95% CI: 1.243–1.351, p <0.001) of CAD after adjustment for various confounders. Conclusion: The results suggest that ACI may serve as a promising and stronger tool for predicting the presence and severity of CAD. © 2024 Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social (IMSS)
The Association Between Atherogenic Index of Plasma and No-Reflow Phenomenon in Acute Coronary Syndrome; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a biomarker of plasma atherogenicity. Elevated AIP is linked with adverse cardiac events. We sought to examine the association of admission AIP and no-reflow phenomenon (NRP) in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patient population treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Eight hundred eight-four ACS patients were included to statistical tests retrospectively and classified according to the occurrence of NRP: NRP (−) (n = 662) and NRP (+) (n = 186). AIP levels were calculated through the formula log10 (triglyceride-to-hig h-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio). Results: AIP levels were higher in NRP (+) patients compared to NRP (−) group patients. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis for AIP to predict NRP yielded an area under the ROC curve value 0.643 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.596-0.690, P < .001]. AIP was associated with NRP in univariate logistic regression analysis [Odds Ratio (OR): 2.46; P = .001; CI: 1.44 (lower limit)-4.21 (upper limit)]. However, AIP did not emerge as a significant prognostic factor of NRP in multiple logistic regression analysis [OR: 2.11; P= .422; CI: 0.34 (lower limit)-13.11 (upper limit)]. On the other hand, peak troponin T (log10) was an independent prognostic factor for NRP [OR: 0.13; P < .001; CI: 0.10 (lower limit)-0.37 (upper limit)] occurrence. Conclusion: The AIP level on admission is not a statistically significant prognostic factor of NRP. However, peak troponin T (log10) is an independent prognostic parameter of NRP. Copyright@Author(s).
The association of atherogenic index of plasma with cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) represents a novel marker in the current era of cardiovascular diseases. In this meta-analysis, we aimed to evaluate the association of AIP with cardiovascular prognosis in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched from inception through 2024. The primary outcome was major cardiovascular events (MACE). The secondary outcomes included all-causes death, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, revascularization, and no-reflow phenomenon. AIP was determined by taking the logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). The data analysis was represented using the risk ratio (RR) along with a 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: Sixteen studies with a total number of 20,833 patients met the eligible criteria. The pooled-analysis showed a significant increased risk of MACE in the highest AIP group compared with the lowest AIP group (RR = 1.63; 95% CI, 1.44–1.85; P < 0.001). A similar result was observed when AIP was regarded as a continuous variable (RR = 1.54; 95% CI, 1.30–1.83; P < 0.001). Besides, elevated AIP was associated with increased risk of cardiovascular death (RR = 1.79; 95% CI, 1.09–2.78; P = 0.02), MI (RR = 2.21; 95% CI, 1.55–3.13; P < 0.001), revascularization (RR = 1.62; 95% CI, 1.34–1.97; P < 0.001), no-reflow phenomenon (RR = 3.12 95% CI, 1.09–8.96; P = 0.034), and stent thrombosis (RR = 13.46; 95%CI, 1.39-129.02; P = 0.025). However, AIP was not significantly associated with the risk of all-causes death and stroke among patients with CAD. Conclusions: The results of this study demonstrated that increased AIP is an independent prognostic factors in patients with CAD. Further research is warranted to elucidate the potential development of targeted interventions to modify AIP levels and improve patient outcomes. © The Author(s) 2024.
Investigation of the relationship between atherogenic index, anthropometric characteristics, and 10-year risk of metabolic syndrome: a population-based study; Background: People with metabolic syndrome (MetS) are at a higher risk of coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, stroke, osteoarthritis, and some types of cancers. Finding markers which are available and inexpensive are most useful for the prediction of MetS. The present study aimed to determine the relationship between atherogenic index and anthropometric indicators and the 10-year risk of MetS. Methods: During the 10-year follow-up on Mashhad stroke and heart atherosclerotic disorder (MASHAD study), 4684 subjects who did not MetS at baseline were recruited in this study. The anthropometric indices and atherogenic index including atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), Castelli’s risk index I and II (CRI-I, CRI-I), and atherogenic coefficient (AC) were measured. SPSS-23 was used for all statistical analyses. Result: Among subjects who did not have MetS at baseline 1599 cases (34.1%) developed MetS. The anthropometric and lipid indices were significantly elevated in patients with MetS compared to the healthy ones (p < 0.001). It was revealed that an increase of one unit in AIP and AC can raise the risk of MetS 22.7% (OR: 1.227 (95% CI, 1.166–1.291)) and 37.7% (OR: 1.377 (95% CI, 1.291–1.468)), respectively. Moreover, increasing one unit of WHtR decreases the risk of MetS by 8.5% (OR: 0.915 (95% CI, 0.886–0.946)). Conclusion: The results of this longitudinal study showed that increasing AC and AIP could enhance the risk of MetS. The present study also indicated that AC and AIP are useful predictors in the clinical setting for identifying individuals with MetS in the Iranian adult population. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland 2024.
Is non-high-density lipoprotein associated with metabolic syndrome? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Novel atherogenic lipid indices, including non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) which is calculated by subtracting the HDL-C value from the total cholesterol level, atherogenic index (ratio between triglycerides (TG) and HDL-C concentrations (TG/HDL-C)), and Diff-C (calculated by subtracting low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C) from non-HDL-C), have been known as valuable predictors of dyslipidemia and subsequent cardiovascular diseases. Previous studies have reported the potential association of novel atherogenic lipid indices with metabolic syndrome (MetS). This meta-analysis aimed to assess the pooled association of novel atherogenic lipid indices with MetS or its components. Methods: A systematic search was conducted through PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science (WoS) databases from January 2000 until March 2021 to evaluate the association of novel atherogenic lipid indices, including non-HDL-C, atherogenic index, and the difference between non-HDL-C and LDL-C (Diff-C) with MetS. Observational studies were included without any language restriction. As exclusive studies evaluating the association of non-HDL-C with metabolic syndrome (MetS) were eligible to be included in quantitative analyses, a random-effect meta-analysis was performed to pool the odds ratios (ORs). A stratified meta-analysis was performed based on the definition of MetS [Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) and International Diabetes Federation (IDF)] and the studied population. Results: Overall, 318 studies were retrieved from an initial systematic search. After screening, 18 and five studies were included in the qualitative and quantitative syntheses, respectively. Qualitative synthesis revealed an association between non-HDL-C, Diff-C, and atherogenic index with MetS and its components. Stratified meta-analysis showed that an increased non-HDL-C level was associated with an increased odds of MetS based on ATP criteria (OR: 3.77, 95% CI: 2.14-5.39) and IDF criteria (OR: 2.71, 95% CI: 1.98-3.44) in adults (OR: 3.53, 95% CI: 2.29-4.78) and in children (OR: 2.27, 95% CI: 1.65-2.90). Conclusion: Novel atherogenic lipid indices, including atherogenic index, Diff-c, and non-HDL-C, are strongly associated with increased odds of MetS and its components. The indices could be considered as potential predictors of MetS and its components in clinical practice. Copyright © 2022 Mardi, Abdi, Ehsani, Seif, Djalalinia, Heshmati, Shahrestanaki, Gorabi and Qorbani.
Anti-atherosclerotic Activity of Nimbolide in High Fat Diet Induced Atherosclerosis Model Rats; The anti-atherosclerotic activity of nimbolide was evaluated in high fat diet induced atherosclerosis rats. Sixty Wistar rats were divided into six groups: the first group served as control, the second group was fed with high fat diet and the other three groups were fed with high fat diet along with various concentrations of HAE and the last group was treated with atorvastatin for 30 days. Lipid and lipoprotein profile, atherogenic index, and cardiac markers and histopathological evaluation of aorta were determined in high fat diet induced atherosclerosis rats. Nimbolide produced a significant and dose-dependent anti-atheroscle-rotic activity in terms of reduction in lipids and lipoprotein profile, atherogenic index, HMG-CoA reductase activity, marker enzymes such as lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), creatine phosphokinase (CPK), aspartate transaminase (AST), alanine transaminase (ALT) and alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alteration in collagen and calcium contents, mild mineralization and focal rupture of intima and media of aorta was noticed in treated groups as compared to the control. The results suggested that anti-atherosclerotic activity of Nimbolide was due to its modulatory activity on metabolic pathway of lipid. © 2023, Colegio de Farmaceuticos de la Provincia de Buenos Aires. All rights reserved.
Predictive nomogram for coronary heart disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aimed to identify risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), build a clinical prediction model, and draw a nomogram. Study design and methods: Coronary angiography was performed for 1,808 diabetic patients who were recruited at the department of cardiology in The Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University from June 2020 to June 2022. After applying exclusion criteria, 560 patients were finally enrolled in this study and randomly divided into training cohorts (n = 392) and validation cohorts (n = 168). The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) is used to filter features in the training dataset. Finally, we use logical regression to establish a prediction model for the selected features and draw a nomogram. Results: The discrimination, calibration, and clinical usefulness of the prediction model were evaluated using the c-index, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration chart, and decision curve. The effects of gender, diabetes duration, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A1, lipoprotein (a), homocysteine, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), nerve conduction velocity, and carotid plaque merit further study. The C-index was 0.803 (0.759–0.847) in the training cohort and 0.775 (0.705–0.845) in the validation cohort. In the ROC curve, the Area Under Curve (AUC) of the training set is 0.802, and the AUC of the validation set is 0.753. The calibration curve showed no overfitting of the model. The decision curve analysis (DCA) demonstrated that the nomogram is effective in clinical practice. Conclusion: Based on clinical information, we established a prediction model for CHD in patients with T2DM. Copyright © 2022 Xiao, Dong, Huang and Jiang.
Empagliflozin inhibits increased Na influx in atrial cardiomyocytes of patients with HFpEF; Aims Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) causes substantial morbidity and mortality. Importantly, atrial remodelling and atrial fibrillation are frequently observed in HFpEF. Sodium–glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2i) have recently been shown to improve clinical outcomes in HFpEF, and post-hoc analyses suggest atrial anti-arrhythmic effects. We tested if isolated human atrial cardiomyocytes from patients with HFpEF exhibit an increased Na influx, which is known to cause atrial arrhythmias, and if that is responsive to treatment with the SGTL2i empagliflozin. Methods and Cardiomyocytes were isolated from atrial biopsies of 124 patients (82 with HFpEF) undergoing elective cardiac surgery. Na influx results was measured with the Na-dye Asante Natrium Green–2 AM (ANG-2). Compared to patients without heart failure (NF), Na influx was doubled in HFpEF patients (NF vs. HFpEF: 0.21 ± 0.02 vs. 0.38 ± 0.04 mmol/L/min (N = 7 vs. 18); P = 0.0078). Moreover, late INa (measured via whole-cell patch clamp) was significantly increased in HFpEF compared to NF. Western blot and HDAC4 pulldown assay indicated a significant increase in CaMKII expression, CaMKII autophosphorylation, CaMKII activity, and CaMKII-dependent NaV1.5 phosphorylation in HFpEF compared to NF, whereas NaV1.5 protein and mRNA abundance remained unchanged. Consistently, increased Na influx was significantly reduced by treatment not only with the CaMKII inhibitor autocamtide-2-related inhibitory peptide (AIP), late INa inhibitor tetrodotoxin (TTX) but also with sodium/hydrogen exchanger 1 (NHE1) inhibitor cariporide. Importantly, empagliflozin abolished both increased Na influx and late INa in HFpEF. Multivariate linear regression analysis, adjusting for important clinical confounders, revealed HFpEF to be an independent predictor for changes in Na handling in atrial cardiomyocytes. Conclusion We show for the first time increased Na influx in human atrial cardiomyocytes from HFpEF patients, partly due to increased late INa and enhanced NHE1-mediated Na influx. Empagliflozin inhibits Na influx and late INa, which could contribute to anti-arrhythmic effects in patients with HFpEF. © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology.
Predictive Value of Resting Fractional Flow Reserve and Atherogenic Index of Plasma for Evaluation of Physiologically Significant Coronary Artery Lesions; This study aimed to assess the relationship between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and resting distal-to-aortic pressure ratio (Pd/Pa) in patients with intermediate coronary artery stenosis. This retrospective study included 802 chronic coronary syndrome patients with intermediate coronary artery stenosis who underwent fractional flow reserve (FFR) measurement. The resting Pd/Pa showed a significant negative correlation with AIP (rho= −.205, p <.001). When final FFR was divided into three tertiles (≤80, 81–89, ≥90), resting Pd/Pa was significantly lower, and AIP was markedly higher in the lower final FFR tertiles (both AIP and resting Pd/Pa differed significantly across the all three tertiles, p <.001). Furthermore, functionally significant stenosis independent predictors in multivariate analyses were AIP and resting Pd/Pa (p =.010 and p <.001, respectively). We observed for the first time an increase in AIP levels in the presence of functionally significant stenoses that may help better planning and identification of those patients with the functionally substantial atherosclerotic burden. © The Author(s) 2022.
Association analysis of ApoE gene polymorphism with glucolipid metabolism and arteriosclerosis; Objective: To explore the association between apolipoprotein E(ApoE) gene polymorphism and blood lipids and severity of arteriosclerosis in the patients with coronary heart disease(CHD). Methods: A total of 245 patients with CHD admitted from September 2021 to August 2022 were retrospectively selected and divided into three groups according to ApoE genotype. The differences in blood lipids and glucose, carotid intima-media thickness(cIMT), coronary Gensini score, triglyceride-glucose index(TyG) and atherogenic index of plasma(AIP) were compared between groups. Results: Among 245 CHD patients, the genotype e3/e3 was the most common (69. 0%), and allele e3 had the highest frequency(82. 4%), followed by e4(9. 6%) and e2(8. 0%). All CHD patients had given statins for lipidTowering therapy, while niacin and fibrates were less commonly used. Compared to ApoE3 group, the plasma levels of TC, Lp(a) and HDL-C in E2 group were decreased with no significance (P>0. 05), while LDL-C significantly decreased and TG increased in E4 group(P<0. 05). The clMT of CHD patients in ApoE4 group was significantly higher than that in E3 group, and the TyG and AIP index were both significantly increased(P<0. 05). AIP index increased in E2 group, while cIMT and TyG index were similar with those of E3 group(P>0. 05). The Gensini score, the proportion of carotid plaque and the number of coronary artery lesions were similar among the three groups(all P>0. 05). Conclusion: In CHD patients with ApoE2 and E4 genotypes, statins could effectively ameliorate dyslipidemia, but still left a higher residual risk of atherosclerosis and insulin resistance. © 2023 Editorial Office of Journal of Clinical Hematology. All rights reserved.
Association between a polygenic lipodystrophy genetic risk score and diabetes risk in the high prevalence Maltese population; Background: Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is genetically heterogenous, driven by beta cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. Insulin resistance drives the development of cardiometabolic complications and is typically associated with obesity. A group of common variants at eleven loci are associated with insulin resistance and risk of both type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease. These variants describe a polygenic correlate of lipodystrophy, with a high metabolic disease risk despite a low BMI. Objectives: In this cross-sectional study, we sought to investigate the association of a polygenic risk score composed of eleven lipodystrophy variants with anthropometric, glycaemic and metabolic traits in an island population characterised by a high prevalence of both obesity and type 2 diabetes. Methods: 814 unrelated adults (n = 477 controls and n = 337 T2DM cases) of Maltese-Caucasian ethnicity were genotyped and associations with phenotypes explored. Results: A higher polygenic lipodystrophy risk score was correlated with lower adiposity indices (lower waist circumference and body mass index measurements) and higher HOMA-IR, atherogenic dyslipidaemia and visceral fat dysfunction as assessed by the visceral adiposity index in the DM group. In crude and covariate-adjusted models, individuals in the top quartile of polygenic risk had a higher T2DM risk relative to individuals in the first quartile of the risk score distribution. Conclusion: This study consolidates the association between polygenic lipodystrophy risk alleles, metabolic syndrome parameters and T2DM risk particularly in normal-weight individuals. Our findings demonstrate that polygenic lipodystrophy risk alleles drive insulin resistance and diabetes risk independent of an increased BMI. © Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature 2024.
Evaluation of Plasma Atherogenic Index, Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Other Lipid Ratios as Predictive Biomarkers of Coronary Artery Disease in Different Age Groups; (1) Background: Dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance are major risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study investigated the relationship between plasma atherogenic index (PA-I), triglyceride-glucose index (TGI) and other lipid ratios with the presence and prediction of CAD among different age categories. (2) Methods: The study included 223 participants diagnosed with CAD and those with normal coronary arteries (normal group) by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). Participants were categorised by age and sex: premature CAD (PCAD) for men under 55 and women under 65, and older groups as elderly. (3) Results: PA-I, Lipid Combined Index, Castelli Risk Indices, and TGI were significantly higher in the PCAD group compared to the control group (p < 0.05). ROC analysis showed that a PA-I cut-off of 0.41 had a sensitivity of 62% and a specificity of 58% for predicting PCAD, while a TGI cut-off of 8.74 had a sensitivity of 68% and a specificity of 62%. In the elderly, no significant differences in these indices were found between the CAD and normal groups. (4) Conclusions: Traditional lipid profiles and non-traditional lipid indices such as PA-I and TGI show significant differences in predicting CAD in younger populations but not in older groups. TGI and PA-I may be promising biomarkers for the prediction of PAD, although further validation is needed. © 2024 by the authors.
The Comparison of the Associations of Lipoprotein(a) and the Atherogenic Index of Plasma With Coronary Artery Calcification in Patients Without High LDL-C: A Comparative Analysis; Objective: Lipoprotein(a) (Lp[a]) and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) have been reported as predictive markers of coronary artery calcium (CAC). However, previous studies demonstrated that the cardiovascular risk associations with Lp(a) are attenuated in patients with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels ≤135 mg/dL. However, few articles have identified the risk factors of CAC in patients without high LDL-C. Therefore, we performed this study to investigate the association of Lp(a) and AIP with CAC in patients with LDL-C levels ≤135 mg/dL. Methods: This study included 625 lipid-lowering agent naive patients with LDL-C levels ≤135 mg/dL who underwent coronary computed tomographic angiography. We performed multivariate logistic regression analysis to evaluate the risk factors for a coronary artery calcium score (CACS) >0, CACS ≥400, and CAC ≥90th percentile. Results: The mean age of the patients was 55.0±7.9 years and their mean LDL-C level was 94.7 ±23.3 mg/dL. Multivariate regression analysis showed that age, male sex, diabetes, hypertension, Lp(a), and AIP were independent predictors of CAS>0. Age, male sex, and diabetes were independent predictors of CACS≥400. Diabetes, hypertension, and AIP were independent predictors of CAC ≥90th percentile (all p<0.05). Unlike Lp(a), higher AIP tertiles were associated with significantly higher CAC percentiles and greater proportions of patients with CACS ≥400 and CAC ≥90th percentile. Conclusion: In patients without high LDL-C, AIP could be a more reliable predictor of CAC than Lp(a). © 2023 The Korean Society of Lipid and Atherosclerosis.
Different association of atherogenic index of plasma with the risk of high platelet reactivity according to the presentation of acute myocardial infarction; This study evaluated the association of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes according to acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The composite of 3-year adverse outcomes of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, and cerebrovascular accident was evaluated in 10,735 patients after successful percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stents. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. High platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as ≥ 252 P2Y12 reactivity unit. An increase of AIP (per-0.1 unit) was related to the decreased risk of HPR [odds ratio (OR) 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96–0.99; P = 0.001] in non-AMI patients, not in AMI patients (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96–1.01; P = 0.138). The HPR was associated with the increased risk of composite outcomes in both non-AMI and AMI patients (all-P < 0.05). AIP levels were not independently associated with the risk of composite outcomes in both patients with non-AMI and AMI. In conclusion, an inverse association between AIP and the risk of HPR was observed in patients with non-AMI. This suggests that the association between plasma atherogenicity and platelet reactivity may play a substantial role in the development of AMI. Trial registration: NCT04734028. © The Author(s) 2024.
Evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma for long-term prognosis of coronary artery disease; Objective To determine the predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) on the long-term prognosis of patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods A total of 2 500 patients with coronary heart disease who underwent coronary angiography in Affiliated Hospital of Jining Medical University from May 2013 to November 2015 were retrospectively analyzed. According to the AIP value, the subjects were divided into low AIP group (AIP < 0. 06) and high AIP group (AIP≥0. 06). The incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) was compared between the two groups. Kaplan-meier method was used to evaluate the MACE-free survival rate, and multivariate Cox survival analysis was used to evaluate the independent predictors of MACE. Results A total of 2 427 patients were followed up, with a follow-up rate of 97. 08% and a median follow-up time of 4. 29 years. There were 1 123 cases in the low AIP group and 1 304 cases in the high AIP group, among which 624 patients (25. 7%) had MACE. The total incidence of MACE in the high AIP group was higher than that in the low AIP group (HR = 1. 43, 95% CI: 1. 22-1. 68, P < 0. 01). Kaplan-meier curves showed that the MACE-free survival rate was significantly lower in the high AIP group (P < 0. 01). After adjusting for multiple confounding factors, AIP was still associated with the prognosis of CHD patients. Increased AIP (≥0. 06) was an independent predictor of MACE in CHD patients within 4 years (HR = 1. 34, 95% CI: 1. 14-1. 58, P < 0. 01). Conclusions AIP (≥0. 06) was an independent predictor of MACE occurrence in patients with CAD within 4 years. AIP has a certain value in the long-term prognosis of patients with CAD. © 2022 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Spotlight on very-low-density lipoprotein as a driver of cardiometabolic disorders: Implications for disease progression and mechanistic insights; Very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) is the only lipoprotein containing apolipoprotein B that is secreted from the liver, where VLDL is assembled from apolipoproteins, cholesterol, and triglycerides. The primary function of VLDL is to transport cholesterol and other lipids to organs and cells for utilization. Apart from its role in normal biologic processes, VLDL is also known to contribute to the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Large VLDL particles, which are subclassified according to their size by nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometry, are significantly correlated not only with atherosclerosis, but also with insulin resistance and diabetes incidence. VLDL can also be subclassified according to surface electrical charge by using anion-exchange chromatography. The most electronegative VLDL subclass is highly cytotoxic to endothelial cells and may contribute to coronary heart disease. In addition, electronegative VLDL contributes to the development of atrial remodeling, especially in patients with metabolic syndrome, which is an established risk factor for atrial fibrillation. In this review, we focus on the VLDL subclasses that are associated with apolipoprotein alterations and are involved in cardiometabolic disease. The postprandial enhancement of VLDL’s pathogenicity is a critical medical issue, especially in patients with metabolic syndrome. Therefore, the significance of the postprandial modification of VLDL’s chemical and functional properties is extensively discussed. Copyright © 2022 Lee, Akhmedov and Chen.
Aggravated Systemic Inflammation and Atherogenicity in African Patients Living With Type 2 Diabetes and Hypertension Comorbidity; Objective: To explore routinely measured markers of systemic inflammation in hypertension (HTN) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) comorbidity, and their association with atherogenicity. Methods: This study included a total of 70 patients with T2D which were categorised into 2 groups, that is with T2D and with HTN comorbidity (T2D + HTN) (n = 35/group). All measured laboratory parameters were determined using standardised methods. Results: The neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio (NLR) was elevated in patients with T2D + HTN when compared to those with T2D (P =.0494). This was also the case with C-reactive protein (CRP) levels (P <.0001) and systemic immune-inflammation (SII) index (P =.0298). Notably, the majority of patients with T2D + HTN [63% (n = 22)] were classified as having an intermediate or high atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). The correlation analysis of systemic inflammation showed significant associations between CRP and age (r =.24, P =.0477); CRP and red blood cell count (r = −.4, P =.0455), and SII and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (r =.33, P =.0056). However, there was no association between inflammatory profiles and lipograms (P >.05). We further assessed predictors for an elevated AIP using mutivariable regression model adjusted for age, SBP, CRP and SII. Only NLR was a significant predictor of AIP (β =.287, SE: 0.1, P =.0046). Conclusion: HTN comorbidity in T2D is associated with exacerbated levels of inflammation and atherogenicity. NLR is a significant independent risk factor for increased atherogenicity in patients with T2D. Therefore, the use of therapeutic strategies that target and alleviate inflammation in patients with T2D and HTN comorbidity is imperative in reducing the initiating and progression of cardiovascular events (CVEs). © The Author(s) 2024.
Which Biomarker(s) Augment the Diagnostic Value of the Positive Exercise Electrocardiography Test: Systemic Inflammatory Index, Plasma Atherogenic Index, or Monocyte/HDL-C Ratio?; The exercise electrocardiography test (EET) is still used before coronary angiography in the diagnosis of chronic coronary syndromes. This study aimed to demonstrate the value of the combination of a positive EET with the systemic inflammatory index (SII), the plasma atherogenic index (PAI), and the monocyte/HDL-C ratio (MHR) in the determination of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). This single-center, retrospective study included 540 patients who underwent coronary angiography after ETT. The patients were separated into Group 1, comprising 434 patients with normal coronary arteries and non-obstructive CAD, and Group 2, including 106 with obstructive CAD. In Group 2, the patients were separated into SYNTAX ≤ 22 or ≥23. Glucose, low-density lipoprotein, white blood cells, and MHR were determined to be significantly higher in Group 2 (p < 0.05). According to the multivariate logistic regression analysis, age, gender, diabetes mellitus, and low-density lipoprotein were determined to be independent predictors of CAD. In the ROC curve analysis, a cut-off value of 12 for the MHR in the determination of obstructive CAD had a sensitivity of 60.4% and a specificity of 53.0%. The main result of this study was that a high MHR is an indicator of obstructive CAD in patients with positive EET and suspected CAD. © 2023 by the authors.
Arterial Stiffness Assessment by Pulse Wave Velocity in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome and Its Components: Is It a Useful Tool in Clinical Practice?; Metabolic syndrome (MS) is not a single disease but a cluster of metabolic disorders associated with increased risk for development of diabetes mellitus and its complications. Currently, the definition of MS published in 2009 is widely used, but there are more versions of the diagnostic criteria, making it difficult to conduct scientific discourse in this area. Increased arterial stiffness (AS) can predict the development of cardiovascular disease both in the general population and in patients with MS. Pulse wave velocity (PWV), as a standard method to assess AS, may point out subclinical organ damage in patients with hypertension. The decrease in PWV level during antihypertensive therapy can identify a group of patients with better outcomes independently of their reduction in blood pressure. The adverse effect of metabolic disturbances on arterial function can be offset by an adequate program of exercises, which includes mainly aerobic physical training. Non-insulin-based insulin resistance index can predict AS due to a strong positive correlation with PWV. The purpose of this paper is to present the results of the review of the literature concerning the relationship between MS and its components, and AS assessed by PWV, including clinical usefulness of PWV measurement in patients with MS and its components. © 2022 by the authors.
Anti-Atherosclerotic Effects of Pioglitazon by Interference with Inflammatory and Stress Pathway in Male Rabbits; Atherosclerosis is the leading cause of death worldwide. It is now widely accepted that it is a chronic inflammatory process. Minor inflammation, increased oxidative stress, and lipid peroxidation are all the important factors in the cancer pathogenesis. Pioglitazone is an oral diabetes medication that belongs to the thiazolidinedione’s pharmacological class, a medication that acts on the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR). Therefore, the PPAR activation prevented coronary artery disease as a result of pioglitazone, anti-inflammatory effects, and arteriosclerosis down-regulation of CCR2 in circulating monocytes. The aim of this research is to asses if pioglitazone can protect rabbits against atherosclerosis. Twenty-four domestic male rabbit were divided into three groups; Group I, normal control group (no = 8), Group II (no = 8): Rabbits fed a cholesterol diet (the induced untreated group). Group III (no = 8): 1% cholesterol l diet oral pioglitazone 3 mg/kg once day before breakfast. Animals fed an atherogenic diet had the lower levels of GSH, SOD, and higher levels of total cholesterol, triglycerid, HDL-C, LDL-C, VLDL-C, atherogenic index, iCAM, and intimal thickness compared with controls (P < 0.001). In comparison to the induced untreated group, pioglitazone has a significant impact on lipid parameters (P < 0.001). Pioglitazone significantly reduced the elevation in ICAM, and a mild effect on the aorta thickness compared with induced the untreated groups (p < 0.05). The drug resort the aortic GSH and SOD level (P < 0.001). © 2023 by SPC (Sami Publishing Company)
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and coronary collateral circulation in patients with chronic total occlusion; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is considered an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). The present study investigated whether AIP correlates with the formation of coronary collateral circulation (CCC) in CAD patients with chronic total occlusion (CTO). Methods: This retrospective study included 1093 CAD patients with CTO confirmed by coronary angiography from January 2020 to December 2020 at Beijing Anzhen Hospital. Based on the Rentrop scoring system, the patients were divided into the good CCC group and the poor CCC group. AIP was calculated by log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Meanwhile, the study population was further divided into four groups according to the quartiles of AIP. Results: Patients in the poor CCC group exhibited significantly higher AIP compared to those in the good CCC group (0.31 ± 0.27 vs. 0.14 ± 0.24, p < 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed an independent association between AIP and poor CCC, regardless of whether AIP was treated as a continuous or categorical variable (p < 0.001), after adjusting for confounding factors. Besides, this association remained consistent across most subgroups. The incorporation of AIP into the baseline model significantly enhanced the accuracy of identifying poor CCC [area under the curve (AUC): baseline model, 0.661 vs. baseline model + AIP, 0.721, p for comparison < 0.001]. Conclusions: Elevated AIP is independently associated with an increased risk of poor CCC in CAD patients with CTO, and AIP may improve the ability to identify poor CCC in clinical practice. © The Author(s) 2024.
The relationships among atherogenic index of plasma and inflammatory adipocytokines with the severity of coronary artery calcification in coronary artery disease; Objective The aims of the study were to investigate the relationship among atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and inflammatory adipocytokines with the severity of coronary artery calcification (CAC) score in coronary artery disease (CAD). And then we analyzed the diagnostic value of the new markers on CAC. Methods A total of 241 patients with CAD diagnosed by coronary CT angiography (CTA) and coronary angiography in Baoding First Central Hospital from June 2019 to June 2020 were retrospectively enrolled. According to the presence of calcification in coronary CTA, they were divided into CAC group (n = 63) and non-CAC group (n = 178). The clinical data of the patients were collected, and the levels of serum inflammatory factors were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The correlation between CAC score and AIP and inflammatory cytokines was analyzed. The diagnostic value of AIP and inflammatory factors in the formation of CAC in patients with CAD. Results The levels of AIP, serum osteoprotegerin (OPG) and oligomeric matrix protein (COMP) in CAC group were higher than those in non-CAC group, while the levels of serum fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) were lower than those in non-CAC group, with statistically significant difference (all P < 0. 01). Correlation analysis showed that CAC score of CAD patients was positively correlated with AIP, OPG and COMP (r = 0. 581, 0. 451, 0. 326, P < 0. 05), and negatively correlated with FGF21 (r = - 0. 294, P < 0. 05). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis showed that AIP, OPG, COMP and FGF21 had diagnostic value for CAC in CAD patients (all P < 0. 05). AIP > 0. 387, OPG > 5. 150 ng/ml, FGF21 > 136. 35 pg/ml, COMP > 733. 16 ng/ml were independent factors affecting the formation of CAC (all P < 0. 05). Conclusions The increase of AIP and the change of inflammatory factors can be used as markers for the diagnosis of CAC formation in CAD patients. © 2022 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Small Dense LDL Level and LDL/HDL Distribution in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients; This study aimed to determine the size and distribution of LDL and HDL particles in North African acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients and to compare the level of small dense LDL (sdLDL) to other markers used in cardiovascular risk prediction. Methods: A total of 205 ACS patients and 100 healthy control subjects were enrolled. LDL particle size and LDL and HDL subclass distributions were measured using Quantimetric Lipoprint® linear polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Lipid ratios (total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol) were determined to calculate the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli’s Risk-I (CR-I), and Castelli’s Risk-II (CR-II). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses and area under the curve (AUC) were used to assess the predictive value of sdLDL as a marker for cardiovascular disease. Results: The ACS patients, compared to the healthy control subjects, displayed an alteration of LDL particle distribution, with a significant increase in sdLDL serum concentrations (0.303 ± 0.478 mmol/L vs. 0.0225 ± 0.043 mmol/L, respectively, p < 0.001). The sdLDL levels had a high discrimination accuracy [AUC = 0.847 ± 0.0353 (95% CI 0.778 to 0.916, p < 0.0001)]. The best predictive cutoff value of ACS determined with the maximum Youden index (J) [(sensitivity + specificity) − 1 = 0.60] was 0.038 mmol/L. A Spearman correlation analysis showed that sdLDL levels were moderately but significantly and positively correlated with AC and CR-I (r = 0.37, p < 0.001) and weakly but significantly correlated with PAI and CR-II; r = 0.32 (p < 0.001) and r = 0.30 (p < 0.008), respectively. The subclass distribution of HDL particles from ACS patients was also altered, with a decrease in large HDL particles and an increase in small HDL particles compared to HDL from healthy control subjects. Conclusion: Due to their high atherogenicity, sdLDL levels could be used as a valuable marker for the prediction cardiovascular events. © 2023 by the authors.
The clinical role of combined circulating complement C1q and AIP for CAD with LDL-C level below 1.8mmol/L; Background: In the past few years, circulating complement C1q involvement in atherosclerosis has garnered growing research interest in addition to the emerging recognition of the novel lipid marker named atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Nevertheless, among patients experiencing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels less than 1.8mmol/L, the interplay between C1q combined with the AIP for coronary artery disease (CAD) is ambiguous. Methods: Patients were stratified into a non-CAD and CAD group according to their coronary angiography. The association between C1q in conjunction with the AIP and CAD was explored using restricted cubic spline analyses and logistic regression models. To assess how it predicted, a receiver operating characteristic analysis was undertaken. Results: A total of 7270 patients comprised 1476 non-CAD patients and 5794 patients diagnosed with CAD were analyzed. A comparison of the two groups showed that the C1q levels were notably higher compared to the CAD group, while AIP exhibited an inverse trend. Across quartiles of C1q, the AIP demonstrated a decline with increasing C1q levels, and significant differences were observed between the groups. A correlation analysis underscored a notable negative correlation between the two variables. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed significant associations between CAD and the C1q quartile groups/AIP. Furthermore, compared with the Q4 group, a decrease in the C1q levels corresponded to an escalation in CAD risk, with the odds ratio rising from 1.661 to 2.314. Conclusions: In conclusion, there appears to be a notable positive correlation between the combination of C1q with the AIP and CAD. © The Author(s) 2024.
Corrigendum: Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in the adult population: A meta-analysis (Front. Cardiovasc. Med., (2021), 8, (817441), 10.3389/fcvm.2021.817441); Error in Author List In the published article, there was an error in the author list which did not clarify the equal contributions of authors Jing Wu and Qiang Zhou. The corrected author list appears below. Jing Wu1†, Qiang Zhou2†, Zhouxia Wei2, Jinying Wei1, Meizi Cui2* †These authors contributed equally to this work and share first authorship The authors apologize for this error and state that this does not change the scientific conclusions of the article in any way. The original article has been updated. © © 2023, Wu, Zhou, Wei, Wei and Cui.
Case of acute recurrent myocardial infarction in a child; Information on the essential aspects of prevalence, etiology and pathogenesis of coronary heart disease, which is the leading cause of death in the world, is given in this article. It is emphasized that the incidence of ischemic coronary events is the result of a complex sequence of pathogenetic links, which involves the formation of atherosclerotic lesions and destabilization as the primary provoking factor. Purpose — the attraction of the medical community attention to the problem of ischemic heart disease in children. A clinical case of recurrent myocardial infarction in a child who was examined and treated at the MNPE «Ivano-Frankivsk Regional Children’s Clinical Hospital of the Ivano-Frankivsk Regional Council», is described here. The key points of the patient’s complaints, anamnesis of life and this disease are described, the data of the objective condition at the hospitalization and during dynamic observation of the child, which showed the signs of left ventricular overload, coronary blood flow disorder, dilatation of the left heart ventricles, decreased left ventricular contractility. The data of the main indices of laboratory and instrumental methods of research, including X-ray diagnostic methods, performed not only on the basis of the department, but also in the Scientific-Practical Medical Center of Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine (Kyiv). The treatment of this clinical case in the child is described in this article. The data of dynamic observation are given. The discussion and conclusions emphasize the problem of coronary insufficiency in pediatrics, which requires clinical understanding, the choice of the correct diagnostic algorithm and qualified medical care. The study was performed in accordance with the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki. Informed consent of the child’s parents was obtained for the research conduction. No conflict of interests was declared by the authors. © 2023 Group of Companies Med Expert, LLC. All rights reserved.
Triglyceride-rich lipoprotein remnants, low-density lipoproteins, and risk of coronary heart disease: a UK Biobank study; Aims: The strength of the relationship of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL) with risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) compared with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is yet to be resolved. Methods and results: Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with TRL/remnant cholesterol (TRL/remnant-C) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) were identified in the UK Biobank population. In a multivariable Mendelian randomization analysis, TRL/remnant-C was strongly and independently associated with CHD in a model adjusted for apolipoprotein B (apoB). Likewise, in a multivariable model, TRL/remnant-C and LDL-C also exhibited independent associations with CHD with odds ratios per 1 mmol/L higher cholesterol of 2.59 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.99-3.36] and 1.37 [95% CI: 1.27-1.48], respectively. To examine the per-particle atherogenicity of TRL/remnants and LDL, SNPs were categorized into two clusters with differing effects on TRL/remnant-C and LDL-C. Cluster 1 contained SNPs in genes related to receptor-mediated lipoprotein removal that affected LDL-C more than TRL/remnant-C, whereas cluster 2 contained SNPs in genes related to lipolysis that had a much greater effect on TRL/remnant-C. The CHD odds ratio per standard deviation (Sd) higher apoB for cluster 2 (with the higher TRL/remnant to LDL ratio) was 1.76 (95% CI: 1.58-1.96), which was significantly greater than the CHD odds ratio per Sd higher apoB in cluster 1 [1.33 (95% CI: 1.26-1.40)]. A concordant result was obtained by using polygenic scores for each cluster to relate apoB to CHD risk. Conclusion: Distinct SNP clusters appear to impact differentially on remnant particles and LDL. Our findings are consistent with TRL/remnants having a substantially greater atherogenicity per particle than LDL. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology.
Atherogenic index of plasma is an independent predictor of mitral annular calcification; Background: In the latest reports, atherogenic indices have been related to acute coronary syndromes, stable coronary artery disease, heart failure and future cardiac events. Conventional atherosclerosis risk factors have been associated with mitral annular calcification (MAC), but data on the relationship between atherogenic indices and MAC are lacking. We aimed to investigate a possible relationship between MAC and atherogenic indices. Methods: In total 741 patients (n = 427 with MAC and n = 314 without MAC) who were examined in our cardiology clinic from February 2016 to October 2021 were recruited in the study. Mitral annular calcification was diagnosed by transthoracic 2-dimensional echocardiography. The atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli risk index 1 (CRI-1), Castelli risk index 2 (CRI-2) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated by utilizing standard lipid test values. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in sex, age, diabetes and hypertension status between the patient and the control groups. Serum triglyceride level, AIP, Hs-CRP, smoking and BMI were independently significantly associated with MAC in multiple regression analysis (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Higher AIP was related to the existence of MAC and also predict the presence of MAC independently. Studies evaluating the modification of these indices are needed. © 2022, The Author(s).
The association between the AIP and undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients with different body mass indexes and LDL-C levels: findings from the CCC-ACS project; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been demonstrated to be significantly associated with the incidence of prediabetes and diabetes. This study aimed to investigate the association between the AIP and undiagnosed diabetes in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients. Methods: Among 113,650 ACS patients treated with coronary angiography at 240 hospitals in the Improving Care for Cardiovascular Disease in China-ACS Project from 2014 to 2019, 11,221 patients with available clinical and surgical information were included. We analyzed these patients’ clinical characteristics after stratification according to AIP tertiles, body mass index (BMI) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Results: The AIP was independently associated with a greater incidence of undiagnosed diabetes. The undiagnosed diabetes was significantly greater in the T3 group than in the T1 group after adjustment for confounders [T3 OR 1.533 (1.199–1.959) p < 0.001]. This relationship was consistent within normal weight patients and patients with an LDL-C level ≥ 1.8 mmol/L. In overweight and obese patients, the AIP was significantly associated with the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes as a continuous variable after adjustment for age, sex, and BMI but not as a categorical variable. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of the AIP score, triglyceride (TG) concentration, and HDL-C concentration was 0.601 (0.581–0.622; p < 0.001), 0.624 (0.603–0.645; p < 0.001), and 0.493 (0.472–0.514; p = 0.524), respectively. A nonlinear association was found between the AIP and the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients (p for nonlinearity < 0.001), and this trend remained consistent between males and females. The AIP may be a negative biomarker associated with undiagnosed diabetes ranging from 0.176 to 0.738. Conclusion: The AIP was significantly associated with the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients, especially in those with normal weight or an LDL-C level ≥ 1.8 mmol/L. A nonlinear relationship was found between the AIP and the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes, and this trend was consistent between male and female patients. The AIP may be a negative biomarker associated with undiagnosed diabetes and ranges from 0.176 to 0.738. © The Author(s) 2024.
Atherogenic index of plasma and its cardiovascular risk factor correlates among patients with type 2 diabetes in Uganda; Background: Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a reliable predictor of coronary artery disease. There is paucity of data on AIP and its correlates among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) in Uganda. Objective: To assess the profile of AIP and its cardiovascular risk factor correlates among patients with T2D in Uganda. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in 8 health facilities with established T2D clinics in Central-Uganda. The study enrolled 500 patients aged 40 to 79 years. Data was collected on socio-demographic characteristics, lipid profile and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). The AIP was derived using log (triglycerides/high-density cholesterol) and further categorised as low cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk if the AIP was <0.1, intermediate risk (0.1-0.24) and high risk (≥0.24). Cardiovascular risk factors were defined according to international guidelines. Stata version 14 was used to analyse data, Pearson correlation analyses were conducted. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05. Results: There were 389(77.4%) females with a mean age of 55.07±8. 979 years. Low-risk was found in 43.6%, intermediate risk in 20.2% and high risk in 36.2% of the participants. AIP significantly correlated with waist circumference (r=0.1095, p<0.0147), waist-hip ratio (r=0.1926, p<0.001), Casteri Risk Index I (r=0.506, r=<0.001), Casteri Risk Index II (r=0.246, p<0.001) and atherogenic coefficient (r=0.186, p<0.001). Insignificant correlation was observed between AIP and fasting blood sugar (r=0.017, p=0.7042), HBA1C (r=0.0108, p=0.8099) and diabetes duration (r=0.0445, p=0.32) Conclusions: AIP is significantly elevated and correlated with cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2D. In clinical management, this may be a useful tool in risk stratifying patients with T2D. © 2023 Lumu W et al. Licensee African Health Sciences.
Predicting coronary artery severity in patients undergoing coronary computed tomographic angiography: Insights from pan-immune inflammation value and atherogenic index of plasma; Background and aims: Coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) is pivotal in diagnosing coronary artery disease (CAD). We explored the link between CAD severity and two biomarkers, Pan-Immune Inflammation Value (PIV) and Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), in stable CAD patients. Methods and results: A retrospective observational study of 409 CCTA patients with stable angina pectoris. Logistic regression identified predictors of severe CAD, stratified by CAD-RADS score. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves evaluated predictive performance. PIV and AIP were significant predictors of severe CAD (PIV: OR 1.002, 95% CI: 1.000–1.004, p < 0.021; AIP: OR 0.963, 95% CI: 0.934–0.993, p < 0.04). AUC values for predicting severe CAD were 0.563 (p < 0.001) for PIV and 0.625 (p < 0.05) for AIP. Combined with age, AUC improved to 0.662 (p < 0.02). Conclusions: PIV and AIP were associated with severe CAD, with AIP demonstrating superior predictive capability. Incorporating AIP into risk assessment could enhance CAD prediction, offering a cost-effective and accessible method for identifying individuals at high risk of coronary atherosclerosis. © 2024 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Atherogenic indices in preeclamptic and eclamptic patients in North-Central Nigeria; Microvascular, placental, haematological and lipid studies suggest striking similarities between preeclampsia/eclampsia and atherosclerosis. Objective: To determine the lipid profile and atherogenic indices in preeclamptic/eclamptic patients and compare with normal pregnant women. Methodology: Comparative cross-sectional study conducted in North Central Nigeria. The study population was preeclamptic/eclamptic patients and normal pregnant women. A total of 192 women, comprising 96 pregnant women with preeclampsia/eclampsia and an equal number of normotensive controls were recruited consecutively by purposive sampling. Lipid profiles were estimated and atherogenic indices were calculated. Result: Coronary heart disease risk ratio (CRR) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) showed significantly increased atherogenic potentials in subjects compared to controls. Mean ± SD CRR of subjects was 0.28 ± 0.17, Mean ± SD CRR of controls was 0.44 ± 0.24 (p = 0.001); Mean ± SD AIP of subjects was 0.32 ± 0.42 and mean ± SD AIP of controls was 0.16 ± 0.26 (p = 0.003). Conclusion: Atherogenic indices show increased atherogenic potentials in preeclamptic/eclamptics. © The Author(s) 2024.
Sphingomyelins of Local Fat Depots and Blood Serum as Promising Biomarkers of Cardiovascular Diseases; Assessment of the blood lipid spectrum does not always properly reflect local dysfunctional changes in the adipose tissue and prevents identification of all patients at high risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Monitoring of changes in sphingomyelin levels allows to assess and anticipate the development and/or severity of these diseases, as well as to make sphingomyelins new therapeutic targets. The aim of the study was to evaluate the sphingomyelin spectrum of local fat depots and blood serum in connection with clinical and instrumental indicators in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and patients with degenerative acquired valvular heart disease (AVHD). Materials and Methods. The study analyzed samples of subcutaneous, epicardial, perivascular adipose tissue (SAT, EAT, PVAT, respectively) received from 30 patients with CAD and 30 patients with AVHD. Sphingomyelin spectrum of the blood serum was assessed using a high-resolution chromatography-mass spectrometric complex (liquid chromatograph of the Agilent 1200 series (Agilent Technologies, USA) with a maXis impact mass spectrometric detector (Bruker Daltonics, Germany)). Determination of the levels of sphingomyelins (SM) in adipose tissue samples was conducted by high performance liquid chromatography with mass spectrometric detection in the mass/charge ratio range from 100 to 1700. Results. Consistent sphingomyelin spectrum of local fat depots and blood serum was revealed in CAD and AVHD. However, the content of SM varied: in CAD, a specific enhancement of SM in epicardial adipose tissue was observed compared to subcutaneous and perivascular localization. In AVHD, PVAT was characterized by a statistically significant increase in the levels of all SM relative to EAT. Almost all measured SM types in the serum of patients with CAD were higher than the levels in the AVHD group. Conclusion. Established associations of indicators of the sphingomyelin profile of adipose tissue and blood serum with clinical and instrumental indicators in CVD indicate the relationship between the metabolism of SM in adipose tissue of cardiac localization and disorders of systolic and diastolic function of the LV in patients with CVD, multivessel coronary disease in CAD and allow the use of SM as promising biomarkers of CVD. However, further research is needed to clarify the nature of these relationships. © 2024, Privolzhsky Research Medical University. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of nigella sativa oil on endothelial function and atherogenic indices in patients with coronary artery diseases: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-control clinical trial; A therapeutic compound with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects might be a practical approach in endothelial dysfunction caused by oxidation and inflammation associated with atherosclerosis. Therefore, we aim to examine the efficacy of Nigella sativa (NS) oil supplementation on endothelial function and atherogenic indices in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients. Sixty individuals aged between 35 to 65 years old were recruited and divided into two groups, receiving either 2 g/daily of NS oil or sunflower oil as the placebo for 8 weeks. Serum levels of adhesion molecules, oxidative markers, and atherogenic parameters were evaluated at the starting point and the end of supplementation. Serum levels of vascular cell adhesion protein 1 (sVCAM-1) [−264.44 95% C, (156.83, 372.04)], intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1) [−132.38 95% C, (40.64, 224.1)], and malondialdehyde (MDA) [−0.21 95% C, (0.03, 0.40)] declined significantly following NS supplementation, while total antioxidant capacity increased [0.03 95% C, (0.03, 0.16)]. NS oil supplementation demonstrated a potential beneficial effect on endothelial function by reducing ICAM-1, VCAM-1 levels and affecting oxidative markers. However, further studies are necessary to elucidate NS oil as a therapeutic agent and complementary therapy in patients with stable CAD. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effect of Body Mass Index on the Prognostic Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; (1) Background: The aim of this study was to investigate whether the prognostic value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for adverse cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) varied across different BMI groups. (2) Methods: This study was a retrospective analysis of a prospective registry involving 1725 ACS patients undergoing PCI. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, non-fatal ischemic stroke, non-fatal spontaneous myocardial infarction (MI), and unplanned repeat revascularization. (3) Results: The study population finally consisted of 526 patients with BMI < 24 kg/m2 (age 62 ± 10 years; male 64.3%), 827 patients with 24 kg/m2 ≤ BMI < 28 kg/m2 (age 60 ± 10 years; male 81.8%), and 372 patients with BMI ≥ 28 kg/m2 (age 57 ± 11 years; male 81.2%). The AIP as a continuous variable increased the risk for the primary endpoint in ACS patients undergoing PCI with BMI < 24 kg/m2 (HR 2.506; 95% CI 1.285–4.885; p = 0.007), while it did not increase the risk in patients with BMI ≥ 24 kg/m2 (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.747; 95% CI 0.921–3.316; p = 0.088 for patients with 24 kg/m2 ≤ BMI < 28 kg/m2; and HR: 2.096; 95% CI 0.835–5.261; p = 0.115 for patients with BMI ≥ 28 kg/m2, respectively). Compared with the lowest AIP tertile, the top AIP tertile was associated with a significantly increased risk of the primary endpoint in BMI < 24 kg/m2 group (HR: 1.772, 95% CI: 1.110 to 2.828, p = 0.016). (4) Conclusions: The AIP was significantly associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events in ACS patients undergoing PCI with BMI < 24 kg/m2, but not in the patients with BMI ≥ 24 kg/m2. © 2023 by the authors.
Atherogenic lipid profile in patients with statin treatment after acute coronary syndrome: a real-world analysis from Chinese cardiovascular association database; Background: Adverse atherogenic lipid profile is associated with an increased risk of major adverse cardiac events in patients after acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Knowledge regarding the impact of statins on lipid profile remains limited. Methods: We retrospectively analysed multicenter, real-world data from the Chinese Cardiovascular Association Database-iHeart Project. Patients with a primary diagnosis of ACS from 2014 to 2021 during index hospitalisation and having at least one lipid panel record after discharge within 12 months were enrolled. We analysed target achievement of atherogenic lipid profile, including apolipoprotein B (< 80 mg/dL), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (< 1.8 mmol/L), lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] (< 30 mg/dL), triglycerides (< 1.7 mmol/L), remnant cholesterol (RC) (< 0.78 mmol/L), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (< 2.6 mmol/L) at baseline and follow-up. Multivariate Cox regression models were employed to investigate the association between patient characteristics and target achievement. Results: Among 4861 patients, the mean age was 64.9 years. Only 7.8% of patients had all atherogenic lipids within the target range at follow-up. The proportion of target achievement was for LDL-C 42.7%, Lp(a) 73.3%, and RC 78.5%. Patients with female sex, younger age, myocardial infarction, hypertension, and hypercholesteremia were less likely to control LDL-C, Lp(a), and RC. An increase in the burden of comorbidities was negatively associated with LDL-C and Lp(a) achievements but not with RC. Conclusions: A substantial gap exists between lipid control and the targets recommended by contemporary guidelines. Novel therapeutics targeting the whole atherogenic lipid profile will be warranted to improve cardiovascular outcomes. © The Author(s) 2024.
Relationship between blood uric acid level and plasma atherogenic index in patients with type 2 diabetes; Objective To explore the correlation between serum uric acid level and atherogenic index of plama (AIP) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods A retrospective analysis of 485 T2DM patients hospitalized in the First Hospital of Qin Huangdao was performed in August 2019 to August 2021. They were divided into atherogenic phenotype group (the case group, AIP≥0.06, n=326) and non atherogenic phenotype group (the control group, AIP< 0.06, n=159) with AIP=0.06 as the cut-off point. The age, sex, body mass index, uric acid, triglyceride, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, glycosylated hemoglobin, smoking history and coronary heart disease history were compared between the two groups. The data processing using sample t-test and chi-square test. Pearson correlation analysis and multivariate logistic regression analysis were performed. Results Body mass index (27.7±3.6) kg/m2, systolic pressure (138.4±17.5) mmHg, uric acid (351.6±93.0) μmol/L, triglyceride (3.0±3.4) mmol/L and the proportion of men (61.6%(201/ 326)), coronary heart disease history (24.3%(79/326)) and smoking history (33.5%(109/326)) in case group were higher than those in control group (25.8±3.5) kg/m2, (132.2±17.7) mmHg, (291.6±73.8) μmol/L, (1.0±0.3) mmol/L, (51.6%(82/159)), (15.7%(25/159)), (19.5%(31/159)) and the level of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (1.1±0.3) mmol/L was lower than that in control group (1.3±0.3) mmol/L, with all statistically significant differences (t=5.43, P<0.001; t=3.64,P<0.001; t=7.70,P=0.001; t=10.40,P<0.001; χ2=4.47,P=0.034;χ2=4.60,P=0.032;χ2=10.11, P=0.001;t=5.18,P<0.001). The prevalence of hyperuricemia in case group (21.5%(70/326)) was 4.3 times higher than that in control group (5.0%(8/159)). AIP was positively correlated with body mass index (r=0.300,P<0.001), uric acid (r=0.343,P<0.001), systolic pressure (r=0.117,P= 0.010), diastolic pressure (r=0.119, P=0.009), triglyceride (r=0.724, P<0.001), total cholesterol (r=0.226, P<0.001), while that was negatively correlated with high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (r=-0.185, P<0.001). Logistic regression analysis showed that after excluding the interference of other factors, uric acid was still related to AIP (OR=3.727, 95%CI= 1.702-8.158, P=0.001), and the risk of AIP increase increased with the increase of uric acid level. Conclusion The level of serum uric acid in T2DM patients is related to AIP, and high uric acid is an independent risk factor for AIP in T2DM patients. © 2023 Editorial Office of Hydrogeology and Engineering
Casticin Mitigates Atherosclerosis via Modulating Hyperlipidemia, Oxidative Stress, and Inflammation in a High-Fat Diet-induced Rat Model; Hyperlipidemia and hypertension play a crucial role in the pathophysiology of endothelial dys-function and the development, progression, and rupture of atherosclerotic plaque. Casticin (CAS) has direct anti-inflammatory effects by inhibiting multiple inflammatory signalling pathways. Our study aimed to evaluate CAS activity in an animal model of diet-induced hyperlipidemia. A total of 24 male rats were divided into 4 groups (n = 6): Group I was fed a standard diet, Group II was fed a high-fat diet (HFD), and Group III received HFD plus drug CAS (50 mg/kg) and Group IV group received control diet plus CAS drug. Lipid pro-file, atherogenic index, inflammatory, lipid metabolic enyzmes, cardiac markers, blood pressure, and oxidative stress markers were measured. Treatment with CAS significantly reversed this lipid profile, atherogenic index, cardiac lipid metabolic enzymes, cardiac markers and improved the antioxidant status in HFD-induced rats. In addition, CAS administration significantly reduced the inflammatory gene expression in cardiac tissues. The study suggested that CAS has strongly improved dyslipidemia, and reduces oxidative stress, inflammatory markers and blood pressure in rats fed with HFD. © 2023, Colegio de Farmaceuticos de la Provincia de Buenos Aires. All rights reserved.
Relationship between the Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Nondipping Circadian Pattern in Hypertensive Patients; Background: Hypertension is a major cause of cardiovascular diseases. Many studies have pointed out that the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which demonstrates plasma atherogenicity, is correlated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular morbidity, atherosclerosis, and severity of coronary artery disease. Within this context, we tried to evaluate the correlation between nondipping circadian pattern and AIP. Methods: We enrolled 1,030 hypertensive patients (mean age: 53.6 ± 11.4) as part of the target population, separated into different groups based on the circadian blood pressure (BP) pattern taken from dipper and nondipper groups subsequent to 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM). We calculated the level of AIP using the log transformation of the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Results: The AIP observed in the nondipper group was remarkably higher than those of the dipper group (p < 0.001). After measuring the 24-h ABPM, we determined that AIP had a weak but significant correlation with nighttime systolic BP (r = 0.090, p = 0.004) and nighttime diastolic BP (r = 0.073, p = 0.019). As for the analysis based on the multivariate logistic regression, high AIP and age were found to be independently associated with the presence of the nondipping pattern. Conclusion: AIP levels are higher in patients with nondipping pattern compared to dipper patients. Additionally, higher levels of AIP are independently associated with the presence of the nondipping pattern in hypertensive patients.  © 2023 S. Karger AG. All rights reserved.
Modified Glasgow Prognostic Score Predicted High-Grade Intracoronary Thrombus in Acute Anterior Myocardial Infarction; High-grade intracoronary thrombus (ICT) burden leads to greater myocardial injury following anterior myocardial infarction (MI). The modified Glasgow prohgnostic score (mGPS) is a novel immune-inflammatory index, calculated by using C-reactive protein (CRP) and albumin levels, was shown to have prognostic value in heart diseases. The present study investigated the role of mGPS in predicting high grade ICT in patients with acute anterior MI admitted between February 2017 and March 2020. Blood samples were obtained at admission and mGPS was calculated. The ICT burden was evaluated visually from angiographic images. Patients were divided into 2 groups according to the ICT burden as high and low. A total of 1132 patients were enrolled: a mean age 61 ± 12.4 years and 370 males (32.7%). Serum albumin was lower, whereas mGPS and CRP were higher in high grade ICT group. CRP (odds ratio (OR): 1.404 95% CI: 1.312–1.502; P <.001), albumin (OR:.486; 95% CI:.301–.782 P <.001), and mGPS (0 vs ≥ 1) (OR: 7.391; 95% CI: 3.910–13.972; P <.001) were independent predictors of high-grade ICT burden in the left anterior descending coronary artery. The mGPS is a novel predictor of high-grade ICT burden and may be useful for risk stratification in patients with acute anterior MI. © The Author(s) 2023.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma is an Independent Risk Factor for Contrast Induced Nephropathy in Patients With Non-ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction; This study investigated the role of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in predicting contrast induced nephropathy (CIN) in patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention due to non-ST elevated myocardial infarction. Of these, 1644 patients were included in the study. Retrospective data of patients were obtained from hospital records. For the diagnosis of CIN, peri-procedural patient records were scanned. There was a significant difference between age, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, albumin, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, number of stenotic vessels, creatinine increase rate, baseline creatinine, hemoglobin, hematocrit, AIP, and two groups (CIN- and CIN+) (P <.05, for all). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent predictor of CIN (odds ratio: 20.352, 95% CI: 12.696–32.624, P <.001). Receiver operating characteristic analysis showed that AIP values of ≥.62 could predict CIN with a sensitivity of 70% and specificity of 58% for predicting CIN (area under curve =.710, P <.001). Atherogenic index of plasma may be helpful as a biomarker to predict CIN. © The Author(s) 2022.
Comparing Atherogenic Ratios Using Paraoxonase 1 and HDL-C in Diagnosis of Severity of Coronary Artery Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Patients with Nephropathy; Background and purpose: Recent studies suggest that HDL-C may not serve as a useful biomarker in the diagnosis of coronary artery disease (CAD). The present study aimed to improve the prediction of CAD in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients with nephropathy by substituting the activity of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) for HDL-C. Materials and methods: This study examined 48 T2D patients who underwent coronary angiographic examination. The subjects were divided into two groups: non-CAD and CAD. For measuring PON1 activity, the initial rate of substrate hydrolysis (phenylacetate) was spectrophotometrically assayed at 270 nm. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses were performed to compare the predictive performance of the study biomarkers. Results: The area under the ROC curve showed increases in the diagnostic performance of the study atherogenic ratios by replacing HDL-C with the PON1 in T2D patients with nephropathy. LDL-C/PON1 (AUC=0.72, P=0.048) and log (TG/PON1) (AUC=0.81, P=0.005) had higher predictive powers compared with LDL-C/HDL-C (AUC=0.56, P=0.276) and log (TG/HDL-C) (AUC=0.67, p=0.038) for CAD risk assessment. Conclusion: The ratios of LDL-C/PON1 and log (TG/PON1) improve the prediction of CAD in T2D patients with nephropathy. Our findings support efforts to practically use HDL function instead of HDL-C levels for CAD diagnosis. © 2023, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Dietary atherogenicity and thrombogenicity indexes predicting cardiovascular mortality: 50-year follow-up of the Seven Countries Study; Background and aim: To study the relationships of an Atherogenicity Index (ATI) and a Thrombogenicity Index (THI), with 50-year mortality from coronary heart disease (CHD), other heart diseases of uncertain etiology (HDUE) and cerebrovascular disease or stroke (STR), in 16 international cohorts of middle-aged men. Methods and results: Foods from a dietary survey in subsamples of men in each cohort of the Seven Countries Study (SCS) were chemically analyzed for several types of fatty acids that were converted into ATI and THI identifying each of 16 cohorts. Ecological correlations of the ATI and THI were calculated with the three fatal CVD conditions and with all-cause mortality at 25 and 50 years. Correlation coefficients (Rs) were positive and highly significant between ATI and THI versus CHD mortality, with levels ranging from 0.79 to 0.97, depending on the duration of follow-up and the choice of 10 or of 16 cohorts. This was not the case for HDUE and STR mortality for which Rs were variable and not significant. A strong direct association was also found with all-causes deaths at 25 and 50-years. ATI and THI were also directly related with dietary saturated fat and cholesterol levels and inversely with the Mediterranean Adequacy Index (a score identifying the Mediterranean diet). Conclusion: These findings indicate that CHD has a different relationship with dietary lipids intake than HDUE and STR. This suggests that HDUE and STR have different underlying pathways or are different diseases. © 2024 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Effect of dapagliflozin on the prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention; Background and aims: The effect of dapagliflozin (DAPA) on the prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is unclear. The present study was conducted to evaluate the association between DAPA administration and adverse events in patients with AMI undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: This single-center retrospective analysis study included a total of 786 patients with AMI from January 2019 to August 2021 who were or were not administered DAPA at discharge. The primary endpoint was the composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), including overall deaths, heart failure, nonfatal MI, nonfatal stroke, and unplanned repeat revascularization (URR). Differences in the triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) both during hospitalization and 12 months after discharge (if achievable) were also compared. Results: During a median follow-up of 23 months, 130 patients had MACE (118 in the DAPA-free group and 12 in the DAPA group). Kaplan–Meier survival analyses revealed that the cumulative incidence of MACE (log-rank test, p = 0.009), heart failure (p = 0.003), nonfatal MI (p = 0.005), and URR (p = 0.031) was higher in the DAPA-free group. In addition, the multivariate Cox analysis showed that DAPA was significantly associated with the reduced risk of MACE (hazard ratio = 0.170, 95% confidence interval = 0.078–0.373, p < 0.001). Considering each specific adverse event, the DAPA-free group was associated with heart failure, nonfatal MI, and URR in multivariate Cox regression analyses. Stratification analyses suggested that DAPA has a strong protective effect in patients with AMI of advanced age with concomitant diabetes or those who are not on angiotensin receptor enkephalinase inhibitors. Furthermore, the TyG index and AIP of the patients 12 months after DAPA administration at discharge were significantly lower than those during hospitalization. Conclusions: DAPA is an independent protective factor against MACE and may provide incremental prognostic information in patients with AMI undergoing PCI. © 2022, The Author(s).
Effect of newly detected hyperglycemia on the course of coronary heart disease; Mechanisms and causes of hyperglycemia (HG) during coronary heart disease (CHD), particularly in its unstable forms, remain not fully investigated. The study aimed to determine the effect of newly detected HG on the course of CHD and examine the features of carbohydrate metabolism in patients with CHD. The study was conducted in Moscow (Russia) in 2018-2021. A total of 139 patients with CHD aged 43 to 79 years were examined. All participants were divided into comparison groups, including 34 patients with average glucose levels, 28 patients with fasting HG, 46 patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and 31 patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. The range of laboratory examinations included general clinical tests of blood and urine, determination of blood urea, creatinine, C-reactive protein, bilirubin and its fractions, the activity of hepatic transaminases, the study of carbohydrate metabolism, lipidogram, ionogram, and coagulogram. First-time diagnosed HG was a fairly frequent diagnosis in CHD patients (in 105 (75.5%) of 139 patients examined). IGT and type 2 diabetes mellitus recently detected in CHD patients have common disease-causing factors: insulin resistance, lipid metabolism disorders, and sympathetic nervous system activation against the background of reduced parasympathetic effects. All of this should be considered in developing treatment regimens for CHD patients and controlling risk factors. © 2023 by Author/s and Licensed by Modestum.
Is plasma atherogenic index or LDL/HDL ratio more predictive of peripheral arterial disease complexity?; Introduction: The most basic and well-known cause of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) is atherosclerosis. One of the main factors causing atherosclerosis is dyslipidemia. We will evaluate whether specific ratios of dyslipidemia, such as the atherogenic plasma index (AIP) and LDL/HDL ratio, which have recently been used in practice, can help us to predict the complexity of PAD in the clinic. Methods: A total of 305 patients with PAD admitted to our clinic were retrospectively included in this study. After evaluation according to angiography images using TASC-II classification, patients were divided into TASC A-B and TASC C-D. AIP was evaluated with the following formula: Log (TG/HDL). Cut-off values for AIP and LDL/HDL were determined on the ROC (receiver operating characteristic) curve. Logistic regression analysis were conducted to predict peripheral arterial disease complexity. Results: The mean ages of Group 1 (n:180, 68.3% male) and Group 2 (n:125, 77.6% male) patients were 64.10 ± 12.39 and 64.94 ± 11.12 years, respectively. The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM, p < 0.016) and coronary artery disease (CAD, p < 0.001) was higher in group 2. Group 2 had higher TG (p = 0.045), LDL-C (p = 0.004), AIP (p = 0.010), LDL/HDL (p < 0.001), and lower HDL-C (p = 0.015). In multivariate logistic regression analysis evaluating parameters in predicting PAD complexity, DM (OR: 1.66 Cl 95%: 1.01–2.73 p = 0.045), CAD (OR: 2.86 Cl 95%: 1.75–4.69 p < 0.001) and LDL/HDL (OR: 1.47 Cl 95%: 1.10–1.96 p = 0.008) were independent variables. Conclusion: In our study, we compared LDL/HDL ratio and AIP in PAD for the first time in the literature and showed that LDL/HDL ratio is a more valuable ratio and an independent predictor of PAD complexity. © The Author(s) 2024.
The synergistic effect of the atherogenic index of plasma and hyperuricemia on the prediction of coronary chronic total occlusion lesion: an observational cross-sectional study; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and hyperuricemia (HUA) have been shown to be closely associated with morbidity and mortality of coronary artery disease. However, studies targeting predictive value of AIP and HUA for chronic total occlusion (CTO) lesions are still lacking. Methods: In total, 5,238 patients meeting the eligibility criteria were recruited in this analysis. CTO was defined as the condition of lesions without forward blood flow and with over three months of occlusion time. AIP was calculated as log10 [triglycerides (mmol/L)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mmol/L)]. HUA was defined based on sex-specific criteria: serum uric acid 420 and 360 μmol/L for males and females, respectively. Results: CTO lesions were presented in 907 (17.3%) patients. Compared with patients showing lower AIP levels and non-HUA, the CTO lesion risks increased by 5.225 and 2.765 times in patients with higher AIP levels and HUA. Patients with AIP >0.15 and HUA exhibited the greatest CTO incidence (odds ratio 11.491; 95% confidence interval 9.019–14.641, P < 0.001). In addition, AIP combined with HUA had significantly increased effects (a 38.5% increase in CTO risk) relative to the sum of respective effects. Conclusion: Patients having higher AIP levels and HUA exhibited the highest CTO incidence, in comparison with patients who have the increased single index. AIP combined with HUA displayed significant synergistic effect on the prediction of CTO lesion. 2024 Han, Liu, Zhao, Wang, Sun, Ma, Li, Ma, Liu, Shi, Cheng and Zhou.
The evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein for the degree of coronary artery lesion in premature coronary artery disease; Background: Premature coronary artery disease (PCAD) is prevailing. We aimed to investigate the evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) for the occurrence and severity of coronary artery lesion in PCAD patients. Methods: PCAD (PACD group)/non-PCAD (control group) patients were enrolled. The coronary artery lesion degree was evaluated using Gensini score (GS). PCAD patients were allocated into the low/medium/high GS groups, with general clinical baseline data analyzed. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels were compared in PCAD patients with different disease degree. Correlations between plasma hs-CRP/AIP with Gensini score, independent risk factors affecting the occurrence of PCAD, and the predictive value of hs-CRP/AIP/their combination for the occurrence and degree of PCAD were evaluated by Spearman correlation analysis/Logistic multivariate regression/receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The differences in the area under the curve (AUC) were compared using MedCalc-Comparison of ROC curves. Results: Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels in the PCAD group were increased. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels varied significantly among PCAD patients with different disease degree. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels were markedly positively correlated with the Gensini score. Smoking history/homocysteine/fasting blood-glucose/hs-CRP/AIP were all independent risk factors affecting PCAD occurrence. The AUC of hs-CRP and AIP combination predicting the occurrence of PCAD was 0.950 (90.80% sensitivity/93.33% specificity). hs-CRP/AIP combination assisted in predicting the disease degree in PCAD patients. Conclusions: AIP and hs-CRP are independent risk factors for the occurrence of PCAD, and their combination has high predictive value for PCAD occurrence and disease degree, which are both positively correlated with coronary artery lesion degree. © The Author(s) 2024.
Correction: The atherogenic index of plasma and carotid atherosclerosis in a community population: a population-based cohort study in China (Cardiovascular Diabetology, (2023), 22, 1, (125), 10.1186/s12933-023-01839-y); Following publication of the original article [1], the author noticed the error in figure. In the image of Figure 1D, the forest plot of Figure 1D does not match the corresponding odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). The error occurred due to our failure to carefully inspect and match the forest plot of Figure 1D during the layout process of the article. The corresponding caption of Figure 1 should be "Summarized figure of ORs for (A) CA, (B) CIMT, (C) Plaques, and (D) Stenosis severity," rather than "Summarized figure of ORs for (A) CIMT, (B) Carotid plaques, (C) Stenosis, and (D) CA." This correction aligns with the accurate presentation of our research findings. The corrected version of Figure 1 should appear as shown below: Summarized figure of ORs for (A) CA, (B) CIMT, (C) Plaques, and (D) Stenosis severity. OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval; CA, carotid atherosclerosis; CIMT, carotid intima?media thickening; AIP, atherogenic Index of Plasma. Adjusted for sex, age, education, smoking, drinking, physical activity, BMI, SBP, DBP, TC, LDL-C, history of diseases including cerebrovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes, family history of diseases including hypertension, stroke, coronary heart disease and diabetes, lipid-lowering drugs, antihypertensive drugs, and hypoglycemic drugs. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Ameliorative potential of β-sitosterol and lupeol on high fat diet and streptozotocin -induced hepatorenal and cardiac complications via regulation of carbohydrate metabolic enzymes in diabetic rats; Introduction: β-Sitosterol is a plant-derived compound that shares structural similarities with cholesterol and is used to treat coronary artery disease, prostate cancer, breast cancer, and hypercholesterolemia etc. Lupeol is a natural pentacyclic triterpene, found in a variety of fruits, vegetables, and traditional Chinese medicines like Astragalusmembranaceus and AtractylodesmacrocephalaKoidz. Numerous pharmacological activities of lupeol have been investigated; they include applications as antioxidant, antiviral, antihypertensive, anti-inflammatory and antitumor agents.The current study wasaimed to examine the potential benefits of β-sitosterol and lupeol in reducing pathophysiological complications caused by high fat diet and streptozotocin by regulating the enzymes involved in the metabolism of carbohydrates in diabetic rats as there was no study on this aspect. Methods: Male albino wistar rats were given a high-fat diet for two weeks in order to cause diabetes in them. Following a two-week period, the animals were administered a low dosage of streptozotocin and maintained on an overnight fast. Using commercial diagnostic kits, we assessed plasma glucose and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C). Plasma insulin level was assayed with the help of an ELISA kit and other assays were made biochemically. Results: The homeostatic model of insulin resistance, glucose 6-phosphatase, fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase, and blood glucose levels all significantly increased in the diabetic rats, while plasma insulin, hexokinase, glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, and glycogen content significantly decreased.In addition, the hepatic (aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and alkaline phosphatase) and renal (urea and creatinine) indicators in diabetic rats were raised, and their lipid profiles were disrupted. However, diabetic rats treated with lupeol and β-sitosterol significantly restored all these changed parameters to the levels close to normal. Furthermore, the treatment of lupeol and β sitosterol improved the liver, kidney and heart histology alteration to near normal and prevented the body weight loss. Discussion: Because of its structural polymorphism, β-sitosterol appeared to be more effective than lupeol in all the parameters investigated and thus these results imply that β sitosterol is a more effective antidiabetic medication than lupeol. © 2024 The Authors
Genetic Determinants of Atherogenic Indexes; Atherogenesis and dyslipidemia increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, which is the leading cause of death in developed countries. While blood lipid levels have been studied as disease predictors, their accuracy in predicting cardiovascular risk is limited due to their high interindividual and interpopulation variability. The lipid ratios, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP = log TG/HDL-C) and the Castelli risk index 2 (CI2 = LDL-C/HDL-C), have been proposed as better predictors of cardiovascular risk, but the genetic variability associated with these ratios has not been investigated. This study aimed to identify genetic associations with these indexes. The study population (n = 426) included males (40%) and females (60%) aged 18–52 years (mean 39 years); the Infinium GSA array was used for genotyping. Regression models were developed using R and PLINK. AIP was associated with variation on APOC3, KCND3, CYBA, CCDC141/TTN, and ARRB1 (p-value < 2.1 × 10−6). The three former were previously associated with blood lipids, while CI2 was associated with variants on DIPK2B, LIPC, and 10q21.3 rs11251177 (p-value 1.1 × 10−7). The latter was previously linked to coronary atherosclerosis and hypertension. KCND3 rs6703437 was associated with both indexes. This study is the first to characterize the potential link between genetic variation and atherogenic indexes, AIP, and CI2, highlighting the relationship between genetic variation and dyslipidemia predictors. These results also contribute to consolidating the genetics of blood lipid and lipid indexes. © 2023 by the authors.
Time-varying effect of postoperative cholesterol profile on long-term outcomes of isolated coronary artery bypass graft surgery; Background: Controlling cholesterol levels is one of the primary goals of preventing atherosclerotic plaque progression in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. This study aimed to investigate the impact of serum cholesterol profile at multiple time points following isolated CABG surgery on long-term patient outcomes. Method: This retrospective cohort study was conducted on the admission and follow-up data of isolated CABG patients from the Tehran Heart Center registry between 2009 and 2016. The association of low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and their ratio as an atherogenic index with major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) and all-cause mortality were evaluated using time-varying survival analysis methods. Result: A total of 18657 patients were included in this analysis. After adjusting for known confounding factors, no significant difference in all-cause mortality and MACCE was observed at different LDL levels. The incidence of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in patients with LDL > 100 mg/dl and LDL < 50 mg/dl was significantly higher than in the control group (P-value = 0.004 and 0.04, respectively). The incidence of cerebrovascular accidents (CVA) at LDL > 100 mg/dl was also significantly higher compared to the control group (P -value = 0.033). Lower HDL levels were significantly associated with a higher MACCE (P -value < 0.001), all-cause mortality (P -value < 0.001), ACS (P -value = 0.00), and CVA (P -value = 0.014). The atherogenic index was also directly related to MACCE and all its components (all P-values < 0.001). Conclusion: LDL/HDL ratio is suggested as a better marker for secondary prevention goals compared to LDL alone in patients undergoing CABG surgery. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
The correlation of atherogenic index of plasma with non-obstructive CAD and unfavorable prognosis among patients diagnosed with MINOCA; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is linked to lipid metabolism and has shown considerable prognostic value in cardiovascular disorders. However, its role in myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) has not been investigated. We assessed the relationship between AIP, the severity of coronary stenosis, and prognosis in MINOCA. Methods: We included consecutive patients who were diagnosed with MINOCA. AIP was calculated using the base 10 logarithm of the ratio between the levels of TG and HDL-C. The patients were divided into four groups based on their AIP quartiles: Q1 (AIP<-0.145), Q2 (AIP≥-0.145and≤0.049), Q3 (AIP>0.049and≤0.253), and Q4 (AIP>0.253). All patients underwent follow-up for MACE. Results: The final analysis included 421 patients, with 188 having normal coronaries (0 stenosis) and 233 exhibiting non-obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) (<50 % stenosis). In the multivariate logistic analysis, highest AIP (Q4) group was significantly associated with increased risk of non-obstructive CAD in MINOCA (OR,1.994;95 % CI:1.075–3.698; P = 0.029). During the follow-up period, MACE occurred in 22.8 % of MINOCA patients. Q4 group exhibited a significantly higher rate of MACE (P = 0.021). Furthermore, when both AIP and coronary stenosis status were considered, the results revealed individuals in the Q4 group with non-obstructive CAD had the highest risk of MACE (log-rank P = 0.027). The adjusted Cox analysis indicated that the Q4 group was associated with a 2.052-fold increase in the HR of MACE. Conclusion: AIP exhibits a notable association with the incidence of MACE in MINOCA patients and serves as a substantial marker for non-obstructive CAD in this patient group. © 2024 European Federation of Internal Medicine
Prevalence of Asymptomatic Coronary Artery Stenosis Based on Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography in Adults with Erectile Dysfunction: A Cross-Sectional Study; Objectives: To investigate the prevalence of asymptomatic coronary artery stenosis (CAS) using coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA) in Korean men with erectile dysfunction (ED). Subjects and Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 108 men who underwent CCTA at a health promotion center in Pusan National University Yangsan Hospital. Each subject who was evaluated for ED using the International Index of Erectile Dysfunction (IIEF) questionnaire did not have a past history or symptoms of coronary artery disease (CAD). We assessed the association between ED and CCTA-based CAS. Results: The overall prevalence of ED was 57.4%; furthermore, age (p = 0.001) and fasting blood glucose (p =0.035) were the metabolic risk factors that were most significantly associated with the presence of ED. The overall frequency of CAS was 31.5%, and ED (p = 0.022), age (p < 0.001), fasting blood glucose (p = 0.021), and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.029) were significantly associated with the presence of CAS. The prevalence of CAS was 40.3 and 19.6% in the ED and non-ED groups, respectively. Men with ED were 2.778 times more likely to present with CAS than those without ED (OR 2.778, 95% CI 1.143-6.749, p = 0.024); however multivariate logistic regression analysis, while controlling for age, total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and fasting blood glucose, suggested the absence of a significant association between ED and CCTA-based CAS. Conclusion: This study shows that CCTA-based CAS is a common phenomenon in men who have ED. Furthermore, ED patients without cardiac symptoms need to be investigated for the possibility of hidden CAD.  © 2020 S. Karger AG. All rights reserved.
Impact of atherogenic indexes in saphenous vein graft stenosis; Background: Saphenous vein grafts (SVG) are frequently used in patients that have undergone coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Objectives: To evaluate the relationship between atherogenic indexes and SVG stenosis. Methods: Altogether, 534 patients (27.7% women, mean age 65±8.4 years) that underwent CABG and elective coronary angiography were included in the study. Patients with at least one SVG stenosis ≥50% were allocated to the stenosis group SVG (+) (n=259) and patients without stenosis were categorized as SVG (-) (n=275). Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and atherogenic coefficient (AC) were calculated from the patients’ routine lipid parameters. The level of significance was p<0.05. Results: The number of patients with a history of hypertension (HT), diabetes mellitus (DM), stroke, and heart failure was significantly higher in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. Total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C were significantly higher and HDL-C was lower in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. AIP (p<0.001) and AC (p<0.001) were significantly higher in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis show that both AIP and AC were better than HDL-C, LDL-C and non-HDL-C at predicting SVG stenosis. In the multivariate analysis, history of DM, HT, stroke, heart failure (HF), number of saphenous grafts, HDL-C, LDL-C, non-HDL-C, AIP and AC were found to be independent risk factors for SVG stenosis. Conclusion: AIP and AC were independent predictors of SVG stenosis. Moreover, both AIP and AC have better performance in predicting SVG stenosis than LDL-C, HDL-C and non-HDL-C. © 2020, Arquivos Brasileiros de Cardiologia. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic index of plasma: A valuable novel index to distinguish patients with unstable atherogenic plaques; Background: Plaque instability is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients. Numerous efforts have been made to figure out and manage unstable plaques prior to major cardiovascular events incidence. The current study aims to assess the values of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) to detect unstable plaques. Materials and Methods: The current case-control study was conducted on 435 patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention due to chronic stable angina (stable plaques, n = 145) or acute coronary syndrome (unstable plaques, n = 290). The demographic, comorbidities, chronic medications, biochemical and hematological characteristics of the patients were entered into the study checklist. The baseline AIP was measured according to the formula of triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein logarithm. Binary logistic regression was applied to investigate the standalone association of AIP with plaque instability. Receiver operating curve (ROC) was depicted to determine a cut-off, specificity, and sensitivity of AIP in unstable plaques diagnosis. Results: AIP was an independent predictor for atherogenic plaque unstability in both crude (odds ratio [OR]: 3.677, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.521-8.890; P = 0.004) and full-adjusted models (OR: 15, 95% CI: 2.77-81.157; P = 0.002). According to ROC curve, at cut-point level of 0.62, AIP had sensitivity and specificity of 89.70% and 34% to detect unstable plaques, respectively (area under the curve: 0.648, 95% CI: 0.601-0.692, P < 0.001). Conclusion: According to this study, at the threshold of 0.62, AIP as an independent biomarker associated with plaque instability can be considered a screening tool for patients at increased risk for adverse events due to unstable atherosclerotic plaques. © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
The relationships of serum homocysteine levels and traditional lipid indicators with disease activity and coronary artery involvement in Takayasu arteritis; Serum homocysteine (HCY) levels have been associated with the occurrence of coronary stenosis and disease activity in large-vessel vasculitis. However, whether increases in serum HCY levels and traditional lipid indicators are associated with coronary artery involvement and disease activity in Chinese Han Takayasu arteritis (TA) patients is unknown. This study aims to investigate the clinical and laboratory features of TA by assessing their association with disease activity in TA patients, and to explore the risk factors associated with coronary artery involvement in these patients. Serum HCY levels and traditional lipid indicators were tested in one hundred ninety TA patients and one hundred fifty-four healthy controls. We analyzed the relationships of serum HCY levels and traditional lipid indicators with disease activity and analyzed the risk factors for coronary artery involvement. Twenty-one TA patients were found to have coronary artery stenosis (≥ 50%). TA patients had significantly higher levels of HCY than did healthy controls (p < 0.0001). Serum levels of HCY and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C); the ratios of LDL-C to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total cholesterol (TC) to HDL-C, and triglycerides (TG) to HDL-C; and the values of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were significantly higher in patients with active TA than in patients with inactive TA and in TA patients with coronary artery involvement than in TA patients without coronary artery involvement. By contrast, the serum levels of HDL-C were significantly lower in patients with active TA than in patients with inactive TA and in TA patients with coronary artery involvement than in TA patients without coronary artery involvement (p < 0.05). In addition, the serum levels of TC and TG were significantly higher in TA patients with coronary artery involvement than those in TA patients without coronary artery involvement. Elevated serum HCY levels increased the risk of coronary artery involvement by 1.3-fold (p = 0.011, odds ratio [OR] = 1.275, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.056–1.539), and the cutoff value for serum HCY was 9.55 μmol/L. Elevated serum TG levels increased the risk of coronary artery involvement by 3.5-fold (p < 0.0001, OR = 3.534, 95% CI: 1.907–6.547), and the cutoff value for serum TG was 1.215 mmol/L. The risk of coronary artery involvement was 2.5-fold higher when an elevated TG/HDL-C ratio was present (p < 0.0001, OR = 2.513, 95% CI: 1.567–4.032). This study showed that serum HCY and TG levels and the TG/HDL-C ratio are independent risk factors for coronary artery involvement in TA patients. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Serum YKL-40 Levels Are Associated with the Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Children; YKL-40, also known as chitinase-3-like protein 1, is an inflammatory glycoprotein that is secreted by various cell types under acute, chronic, and subclinical inflammation conditions. Elevated serum YKL-40 levels are reportedly independently related to diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, acute myocardial infarction, and cardiovascular mortality in adults. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the relationship between serum YKL-40 levels, lipid abnormalities, and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in children. We enrolled 479 children aged 10-12 years (mean age: 11.52) in this general population-based, cross-sectional study. All subjects completed questionnaires and were subjected to multifrequency bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) to measure their height, weight, and body mass index (BMI). We collected serum samples from all participants to measure YKL-40, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglyceride (TG) levels. Mean serum YKL-40 levels were significantly higher in the low-HDL-C (p=0.017) and high-TG (p=0.010) groups but were not related to TC and LDL-C levels. YKL-40 levels were also higher in the high AIP group (p=0.007). After adjusting for age, gender, and BMI z-score, the associations between serum YKL-40 levels and TG levels (p=0.003), the TG-to-HDL-C ratio (p=0.019), and the AIP value (p=0.012) remained significant. Based on these findings, we suggest that serum YKL-40 may be a useful initial screening tool or follow-up risk indicator for lipid abnormalities, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease in children and adolescents with risk factors, regardless of obesity. © 2020 Yoowon Kwon et al.
PCSK9 E670G (rs505151) Variant and Coronary Artery Disease Risk among Diabetics; Background: Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) is an enzyme in the family of proprotein convertases implicated in lipid metabolism and is a significant genetic risk factor in cardiovascular diseases among various populations. Aim of the Study: This study explored the correlation between the alleles of the rs505151 (E670G) locus of the PCSK9 gene and its expression levels with coronary artery disease (CAD) risk in Egyptian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Subjects and Methods: A case-control study was performed on 112 lean subjects compared to 100 T2DM patients without CAD and 84 T2DM patients with CAD to investigate the relationships among PCSK9 expression levels, the E670G (rs505151) gene variant, lipid concentrations, and CAD risk in an Egyptian diabetic population. A restriction fragment length polymorphism-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay was used to assess the gene polymorphism, and PCSK9 mRNA expression was determined by quantitative real-time PCR. Results: The prevalence of the E670G (rs505151) AG genotype in diabetics with CAD was significantly greater than the other two groups. The PCSK9 gene expression levels in diabetics with CAD were significantly greater than the other two groups. G allele carriers (AG+GG) had a higher relative PCSK9 expression than A allele carriers. Conclusion: PCSK9 relative expression levels and the E670G (rs505151) AG genotype are CAD risk factors among Egyptian diabetics and are linked positively to the atherogenic index of plasma. © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2021.
The relationship between intracoronary thrombus burden and atherogenic index in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction; OBJECTIVE: Increased coronary thrombus load is a strong predictor of adverse cardiovascular (CV) outcomes. Identifying predictors of intracoronary thrombus burden may contribute to the management of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). We aimed at evaluating the relationship between the atherogenic index (ATI) and coronary thrombus burden in patients presenting with STEMI. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 139 patients who presented with STEMI and underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention were included in this study. Angiographic thrombus burden was classified as previously defined in the myocardial infarction (TIMI) study group. RESULTS: The patients were divided into two groups as those with high and low thrombus load. Independent predictors of high thrombus burden were ATI (OR: 4.23, 95% CI: 2.38-7.5; p<0.001), serum creatinine level (OR: 17.4, 95% CI: 3.03-101.4; p=0.001) and non-LAD involvement (OR: 0.363, 95% CI: 0.14-0.92; p=0.034). The association of ATI with thrombus load was independent from HDL and TGL levels. CONCLUSIONS: The atherogenic index can be used as a reliable marker for increased coronary thrombus burden, which is associated with adverse CV outcomes. © 2022 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Expression of neutrophil elastase and myeloperoxidase genes in coronary atherosclerosis; Background: The neutrophil elastase (NE) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) enzymes are produced by neutrophils and help the host fight infection. However, these enzymes have been implicated to induce atherosclerosis. We examined the expressions of NE and MPO genes in the peripheral blood leukocytes (PBL) in patients with coronary atherosclerosis, and explored the association of expressions of those genes with severity of atherosclerosis. Methods and results: Sixty four subjects who underwent elective coronary angiography were recruited. Biochemical parameters were measured, and severity of coronary atherosclerosis was calculated by Gensini score. Total RNA from PBL was extracted and converted to cDNA. Gene expressions of NE and MPO were quantified by real-time qPCR. Except for gender distribution, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride and atherogenic index of plasma, the control group (<20% stenosis; n = 22) and coronary artery disease (CAD) group (≥20% stenosis; n = 42) were found to have similar clinical and biochemical data. However, both the NE and MPO gene expressions [median (IQR)] were found markedly elevated in the CAD group compared to control group (NE: 0.51% (0.26–1.64) vs. 0.21% (0.11–0.37), p = 0.007; MPO: 0.30% (0.05–1.10) vs. 0.06% (0.02–0.15), p = 0.019). Furthermore, NE and MPO gene expressions were found to have significant correlations with the severity of coronary atherosclerosis (NE: r = 0.35, p = 0.005; MPO: r = 0.33, p = 0.008) and modest ability to predict CAD. Conclusions: The NE and MPO mRNA expressions are significantly up-regulated in the PBL in coronary atherosclerosis and are associated with severity of atherosclerosis. These findings suggest that the NE and MPO gene expressions may contribute to the pathogenesis of coronary atherosclerosis. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Correlation between small and dense low density lipoprotein cholesterol and athero-genic index of plasma in patients with coronary heart disease; Aim To investigate the relationship between small and dense low density lipoprotein cholesterol (sdLDLC) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods A total of 525 patients admitted to our hospital due to chest pain and chest tightness from September 2019 to June 2020 and suspec-ted CHD underwent coronary angiography were retrospectively collected as the research subjects. According to coronary angiography results, they were divided into CHD group (n = 422) and non-CHD group (n = 103). At the same time, they were divided into three groups according to AIP tertiles: AIP≤-0. 056 group (n = 176),-0. 056<AIP<0. 208 group (n = 175), AIP≥0. 208 group (n = 174). Each lipid index was measured and AIP was calculated. sdLDLC and AIP levels were compared between CHD group and non-CHD group. Influencing factors for AIP and risk factors for CHD were ana-lyzed. Results The sdLDLC, AIP, low density lipoprotein (LDL) subtype LDL3, LDL4 in CHD group were significantly higher than those in non-CHD group, and the LDL1, high density lipoprotein cholesterol in CHD group were significantly lower than those in non-CHD group (P<0. 05). With the increase of AIP, sdLDLC and LDL4 increased signifi-cantly, while LDL1 and LDL2 decreased significantly (P<0. 001). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that sdLD-LC and history of hypertension were independent influencing factors of AIP (P<0. 05). Multivariate Logistic regression a-nalysis showed that sdLDLC and AIP were independent risk factors for CHD (P<0. 05). Conclusion There is a sig-nificant positive correlation between sdLDLC and AIP in CHD patients, and sdLDLC and AIP are independent risk factors for CHD. © 2022, Editorial Office of Chinese Journal of Arteriosclerosis. All rights reserved.
Comparative clinical study evaluating the effect of adding Vildagliptin versus Glimepiride to ongoing Metformin therapy on diabetic patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease; Background and Objective: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) remain the most identified cause of death in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). This study aimed to evaluate the effect of adding Vildagliptin versus Glimepiride to ongoing Metformin on the biomarkers of inflammation, thrombosis, and atherosclerosis in T2DM patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: This study included 80 patients with uncontrolled T2DM and symptomatic CAD who were randomized to add either Vildagliptin 50 mg/day “group I” or Glimepiride 4 mg/day “group II” to ongoing Metformin therapy (1000 mg/day). Blood samples were collected at baseline and 3 months after intervention for biochemical analysis of HbA1c %, IL-1β, adiponectin, hsCRP and lipid profile. Additionally atherogenic index (AI) and coronary risk index (CRI) were determined. Results: Three months after intervention and as compared to group II (Glimepiride/Metformin), group 1 (Vildagliptin/Metformin) showed significantly lower BMI (28.73 ± 3.48 versus 30.55 ± 3.15; p = 0.02), HbA1c (6.05 ± 0.72 versus 7.06 ± 0.89; p < 0.0001), hsCRP (0.96 ± 0.20 versus 1.72 ± 0.38; p < 0.0001), IL-1β (34.95 ± 10.01 versus 45.13 ± 10.26; p < 0.0001), TC (136 ± 23.45 versus 169 ± 35.72; p < 0.0001), TG (116 ± 29.10 versus 146 ± 56.58; p = 0.005), and CRI (2.47 ± 0.90 versus 3.65 ± 1.19; p < 0.0001) which was associated with significantly higher adiponectin and HDL-C (4.42 ± 1.29 versus 2.52 ± 1.86; p < 0.0001 and 61 ± 23.04 versus 48 ± 12.92; p = 0.003 respectively). Conclusion: In patients with T2DM and symptomatic CAD, the addition of Vildagliptin to ongoing metformin showed better glycemic control, lower inflammatory markers (IL-1β and hsCRP), higher protective markers (adiponectin and HDL-C) and improved lipid profile compared to Glimepiride/metformin therapy. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Vitexin and an HMG-Co A reductase inhibitor prevent the risks of atherosclerosis in high-fat atherogenic diet fed rats; Vitexin, a flavone is known for its anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory activities. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of vitexin in HFAD induced atherosclerosis risks in rats. Atherosclerosis risks were induced in Albino Wistar rats by administering HFAD for 45 days. Vitexin (three dose levels) and pravastatin were administered to HFAD animals for 30 days, starting day 16 onwards. Serum lipids (TC, LDL, HDL, Atherogenic index- (AI), HDL/TC-ratio-%HTR), adhesion molecules-inflammatory mediators (MCP-1, VCAM-1, ICAM-1, IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α), anti-atherogenic markers (PON1 and HT activities) aortic nitrative-oxidative stress (nitrotyrosine, SOD, GPx, CAT), liver HMG-CoA-reductase activity and endothelial function (using thoracic aorta in organ chamber) were assessed. Administration of Vitexin and pravastatin (selective HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor) both alone and in-combination have corrected HFAD-induced increase in serum TC, LDL, AI, MCP-1, VCAM-1, ICAM-1, IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α, aortic nitro tyrosine and liver HMG-CoA-reductase activity. Vitexin and pravastatin have also amended HFAD-induced reduction in serum HDL, %HTR, PON1, HT, aortic SOD, GPx, CAT and endothelial function. Vitexin and pravastatin may be considered as a possible anti-atherogenic agents, which may reduce the risk of atherosclerosis and its associated conditions, like ischemic-cerebrovascular disease, coronary Heart Disease and peripheral vascular disease. © 2020
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and the Risk of In-Stent Restenosis in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome beyond the Traditional Risk Factors; Aim: Recently, the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been proposed as a novel, reliable plasma atherogenicity marker. This study aimed to investigate the association of AIP with the risk of in-stent restenosis (ISR) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Methods: This study retrospectively enrolled patients with ACS followed by angiography within 6 to 18 months after successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with a drug-eluting stent (DES). And the participants were divided into ISR or non-ISR groups based on the angiographic follow-up results. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of serum triglyceride (mmol/L) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mmol/L). Results: This study recruited 1319 patients with ACS, 199 of which had ISR. Compared with the non-ISR group, patients in the ISR group had higher level of AIP (0.199±0.290 vs 0.131±0.282, p=0.002). In the multiple logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent risk factor for DES-ISR (OR=2.100, 95% CI 1.134 to 3.891, p=0.018). When we modulated AIP as a categorical variable, the risk of DES-ISR increased in quartile 4 compared to quartile 1 (OR=1.713, 95% CI 1.040 to 2.822, p =0.034). Furthermore, this association remains stable in various subgroups. Unexpectedly, the subgroup analysis suggested AIP and DES-ISR had a stronger positive association in individuals with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ＜1.8 mmol/L. Conclusions: AIP and the risk of DES-ISR were positively and independently correlated in patients with ACS, especially in those with an LDL-C ＜1.8 mmol/L. © 2022 Japan Atherosclerosis Society.
Atherogenic index of plasma is related to coronary atherosclerotic disease in elderly individuals: a cross-sectional study; Background: Dyslipidaemia plays an important role in coronary atherosclerotic disease (CAD). The relationship between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and CAD in elderly individuals was explored in this study. Methods: Elderly individuals (age ≥ 65 years) who underwent coronary angiography from January 2016 to October 2020 were consecutively enrolled in the study. Results: A total of 1313 individuals, including 354 controls (non-CAD) and 959 CAD patients, were enrolled. In univariate analysis of all populations, the adjusted AIP (aAIP) in the CAD group was 1.13 (0.96, 1.3), which was significantly higher than that in the controls [1.07 (0.89, 1.26)]. However, in subgroup analyses, this phenomenon was only present in males. In addition, further study showed that aAIP was positively related to CAD severity. In binary logistic regression analyses, after adjusting for sex, age, smoking status, primary hypertension (PH), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), heart rate (HR), white blood cell (WBC) and platelet (PLT), AIP remained independently related to CAD in elderly individuals and was superior to traditional and other nontraditional lipid indices. Subgroup analyses showed that AIP independently influenced CAD risk in males. Ultimately, sensitivity analyses were performed excluding all coronary emergencies, and the final results were similar. Conclusions: AIP was positively related to the risk and severity of CAD in elderly individuals and was superior to traditional and other nontraditional lipid profiles. However, this association only exists in elderly males. © 2021, The Author(s).
Glycated haemoglobin as a marker of elevated ldl and tag: A cohort study; Patients with less severe glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c ) targets may find it difficult to achieve the target values of lipid parameters treatment at high cardiovascular risk. We have been monitoring the correlation between levels of triglycerides (TG), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and low density lipoprotein (LDL) with glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c ) by IFCC method (method of testing according to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine) and by DCCT method (Diabetes Control and Complication Trial) as well as body mass index (BMI) at the time of diagnosis of the disease, that could help identify patients with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In the cohort study we were monitoring outpatients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus during a 5 year period. Patients (117 men, 83 women), aged from 30 to 92 years were conducted sampling blood glucose, HbA1c (IFCC/DCCT), HDL, LDL, TG. At baseline, the patients’ height, weight, waist circumference, calculated BMI and blood pressure were measured. Waist circumference was measured in the horizontal plane in the middle of the distance between the upper edge of the iliac crest and the lower edge of the last rib in the breath. Our study did not exclude patients taking statin or fibrate. The high HbA1c values increased the risk of elevating LDL-cholesterol levels and TAG levels in the whole group (p = 0.012) and (p = 0.017), and the high BMI values increased the risk of lowering HDL-cholesterol levels in the female population (p = 0.010). The results of our study stratify the increased risk of atherogenicity in these groups. HbA1c is a direct marker of elevated LDL and TAG, and indirect marker for coronary artery disease risk assessment. © 2020, Facta Medica, S.R.O. All rights reserved.
Cardiometabolic risk factors in predicting obstructive coronary artery disease in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome; Aim. To develop predictive models of obstructive coronary artery disease (OPCA) in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) based on the predictive potential of cardiometabolic risk (CMR) factors. Material and methods. This prospective observational cohort study included 495 patients with NSTE-ACS (median age, 62 years; 95% confidence interval [60; 64]), who underwent invasive coronary angiography (CAG). Two groups of persons were identified, the first of which consisted of 345 (69,6%) patients with OPCA (stenosis ≥50%), and the second — 150 (30,4%) without OPCA (<50%). The clinical and functional status of patients before CAG was assessed including 29 parameters. For data processing and analysis, the Mann-Whitney, Fisher, chi-squared tests and univariate logistic regression (LR) were used. In addition, for the development of predictive models, we used multivariate LR (MLR), support vector machine (SVM) and random forest (RF). The models was assessed using 4 metrics: area under the ROC-curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy. Results. A comprehensive analysis of functional and metabolic status of patients made it possible to identify the CMR factors that have linear and nonlinear association with OPCA. Their weighting coefficients and threshold values with the highest predictive potential were determined using univariate LR. The quality metrics of the best predictive algorithm based on an ensemble of 10 MLR models were as follows: AUC — 0,82, specificity and accuracy — 0,73, sensitivity — 0,75. The predictors of this model were 7 categorical (total cholesterol (CS) ≥5,9 mmol/L, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol >3,5 mmol/L, waist-to-hip ratio ≥0,9, waist-to-height ratio ≥0,69, atherogenic index ≥3,4, lipid accumulation product index ≥38,5 cm*mmol/L, uric acid ≥356 μmol/L) and 2 continuous (high density lipoprotein cholesterol and insulin resistance index) variables. Conclusion. The developed algorithm for selecting predictors made it possible to determine their significant predictive threshold values and weighting coefficients characterizing the degree of influence on endpoints. The ensemble of MLR models demonstrated the highest accuracy of OPCA prediction before the CAG. The predictive accuracy of the SVM and RF models was significantly lower. © 2021, Silicea-Poligraf. All rights reserved.
Di’ao Xinxuekang Capsule Improves the Anti-Atherosclerotic Effect of Atorvastatin by Downregulating the SREBP2/PCSK9 Signalling Pathway; Statins are the first choice for lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and preventing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). However, statins can also upregulate proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), which in turn might limits the cholesterol-lowering effect of statins through the degradation of LDL receptors (LDLR). Di’ao Xinxuekang (DXXK) capsule, as a well-known traditional Chinese herbal medicine for the prevention and treatment of coronary heart disease, can alleviate lipid disorders and ameliorate atherosclerosis in atherosclerosis model mice and downregulate the expression of PCSK9. In this study, we further explored whether DXXK has a synergistic effect with atorvastatin (ATO) and its underlying molecular mechanism. The results showed that both ATO monotherapy (1.3 mg/kg) and ATO combined with DXXK therapy significantly lowered serum lipid levels and reduced the formation of atherosclerotic plaques and the liver lipid accumulation. Moreover, compared with ATO monotherapy, the addition of DXXK (160 mg/kg) to the combination therapy further lowered LDL-C by 15.55% and further reduced the atherosclerotic plaque area by 25.98%. In addition, the expression of SREBP2, PCSK9 and IDOL showed a significant increase in the model group, and the expression of LDLR was significantly reduced; however, there were no significant differences between the ATO (1.3 mg/kg) and the model groups. When ATO was combined with DXXK, the expression of LDLR was significantly increased and was higher than that of the model group and the expression of SREBP2 and PCSK9 in the liver was also significantly inhibited. Moreover, it can be seen that the expression of SREBP2 and PCSK9 in the combination treatment group was significantly lower than that in the ATO monotherapy group (1.3 mg/kg). Besides, the expression of IDOL mRNA in each treatment group was not significantly different from that of the model group. Our study suggests that DXXK might have a synergistic effect on the LDL-C lowering and antiatherosclerosis effects of ATO through the SREBP2/PCSK9 pathway. This indicates that a combination of DXXK and ATO may be a new treatment for atherosclerosis. Copyright © 2022 Liang, Li, Liu, Li, Yuan, Zou and Qu.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Monocyte-to-Lymphocyte Ratio for Predicting Subclinical Coronary Artery Disease; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, and monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR) are strongly associated with atherogenesis of the coronary artery. This study aimed to investigate the association of the AIP, TyG index, and MLR with subclinical coronary artery disease (CAD) and evaluate their ability to predict subclinical CAD. Methods: A total of 697 asymptomatic patients were enrolled in this study and assigned to the subclinical CAD group (n=332) and control group (n=365). The clinical data, coronary artery calcification score, and calculated AIP, TyG index, and MLR were collected by graduate students in the cardiology division. Multivariate logistic regression models were set up to assess the risk factors for subclinical CAD. Results: The AIP, TyG index and MLR values were higher in the subclinical CAD group than in the control group (all P<0.05). In addition to the classic independent clinical risk factors, increased AIP, TyG index and MLR values were all independent risk factors for subclinical CAD (all P<0.05). The AUCs were higher after combining clinical risk factors than the AIP, TyG index, or MLR alone (all P<0.05). Conclusions: The AIP, TyG index and MLR are independent risk factors for subclinical CAD, which can be useful for improving the diagnosis and prevention of CAD. © 2021 Southern Society for Clinical Investigation
Comment on “The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no‑reflow in patients with acute ST‑segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention”; We read with great pleasure the interesting study evaluating “The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention” by Süleymanoğlu M et al. The most important problem in the study was that they miscalculated their patients' AIP values. As a result of this miscalculation, all patients seemed to be at high cardiac risk. When calculating AIP, the unit of both triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels should be taken in mmol. In calculating the AIP value, Süleymanoğlu et al. used the units as mg/dl and found the median values as 0.50 (patients with noreflow, high cardiac risk) and 0.39 (patients without noreflow, high cardiac risk), respectively. When we calculate the estimated AIP by converting units to mmol, it is 0.15 (patients with noreflow, intermediate cardiac risk) and 0.03 (patients with noreflow, low cardiac risk), respectively. Interestingly, their patients' cholesterol levels such as total cholesterol, TG, low-density lipoprotein, and HDL were very lower than those of healthy individuals in their country. We believe that the authors should explain this situation. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
Lipid Indexes and Quality Evaluation of Omega-3 Rich Oil from the Waste of Japanese Spanish Mackerel Extracted by Supercritical CO2; Japanese Spanish mackerel (JSM) (Scomberomorus niphonius) is a marine fish species containing health-beneficial polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). In the present study, the quality of JSM by-products oils extracted by supercritical CO2 (SC-CO2 ) and organic solvent extraction was compared in terms of physico-chemical properties of the oils. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is one of the important polyunsaturated fatty acids present in SC-CO2-extracted skin and muscle oil 5.81 ± 0.69% and 4.93 ± 0.06%, respectively. The amount of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in SC-CO2-extracted skin and muscle oil was 12.56 ± 0.38% and 15.01 ± 0.28%, respectively. EPA and DHA are considered as important PUFAs for the development of brain function and the prevention of coronary heart diseases. Extracted oils showed considerable antioxidant activity. In the obtained oils, atherogenic index (AI) values varied from 0.72 to 0.93 and thrombogenic index (TI) ranged from 0.75 to 0.92, which is considered an acceptable level. Fatty acid composition, bio potentiality, thermogravimetric, and vitamin D analysis showed that oils extracted from JSM by-products can be a good source of oil for application in food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries. Therefore, the present research revealed the potentiality of green valorisation of S. niphonius by-products as a possible sustainable approach for targeting the era of zero waste. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Hypolipidemic effect of portulaca oleracea and salvia officinalis comparing to atorvastatin in rats; Non-communicable diseases (NCD), mainly cardiovascular diseases, are considered the major reason of mortality universally. A high blood level of lipid, which also is known as hyperlipidemia, is mostly the main etiological factor in those diseases. Therefore, there is a persistent need to develop a strategy to cure this symptomless killer. Consequently, we aimed to investigate the effect of Portulaca oleracea P. oleracea and Salvia officinalis leaves ethanolic extract in mitigating hyperlipidemia in the rat. To achieve this aim, we divided 30 Wistar albino rats into 5 groups as follow; negative control group (-ve) received no treatment, positive control group (+ve) received 100mg/kg BW of triton, 1st treatment group (T1) received atorvastatin, 2nd treatment group (T2) received P. oleracea 200 mg/kg BW, 3rd treatment group (T3) received S. officinalis L. extract 200 mg/ kg BW. All treatments were given orally. The results reveal that the tested plant extracts show significant hypolipidemic effect, which is statistically equal to that of the atorvastatin. In conclusion, this study suggests employing such herbal remedies to deal safely with hyperlipidemia instead of relying on chemical medicines. © 2019, International Journal of Pharmaceutical Quality Assurance. All rights reserved.
Subclinical hypothyroidism and associated cardiovascular risk factor in perimenopausal females; Perimenopause refers to the period around menopause (40-55 years). This includes the period before menopause and the first year after menopause. Perimenopausal age is an important stage in a women's life. Many women are diagnosed with hypothyroidism at midlife. Hypothyroidism - both overt and subclinical are associated with increased risk of CVS diseases. Subclinical hypothyroidism is more important as this stage is usually ignored from treatment point of view and if early intervention is done in SCH worsening of metabolic derangement may be avoided. <bold>Objectives:</bold> The present study was aimed to know the prevalence of subclinical hypothyroidism and associated dyslipidemia in perimenopausal females. <bold>Material and Methods:</bold> In our retrospective study we took 100 perimenopausal females (40-55years) who were investigated for thyroid and lipid profile. Atherogenic indices like TC/HDL-c, LDL-c/HDL-c, TG/HDL-c ratios were calculated from the individual lipid profile parameters. The reference guidelines for lipid profile was according to NCEP ATP III. Result: Subclinical hypothyroidism was found to be present in 18% of perimenopausal females The mean TSH levels were found to be higher in SCH as compared to euthyroid females with a mean value of 7.56±3.54(μIU/ml). Dyslipidemia was seen in patients with SCH. TSH levels were found to be positively correlated with total cholesterol. <bold> Conclusion:</bold> We conclude that subclinical hypothyroidism is present in 18% females of perimenopausal age group. Increased TSH levels are associated with hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and elevated TC/HDL-C ratio and non cholesterol HDL. In perimenopausal women the condition is usually underdiagnosed and ignored but subclinical hypothyroidism in these females should be screened and treated timely to decrease the risk of accelerated atherosclerosis and premature coronary artery disease in them. © 2020 Journal of Mid-life Health | Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow.
Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease: A systematic review; Various studies suggest that the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is associated with the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) in different clinical scenarios. This review aimed to synthesize evidence of the association between AIP values and CAD. A literature search was carried out on four databases, namely, PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Ovid-Medline. A handsearch was performed on preprint repositories (MedRxiv and Research Square). The effect measurements were expressed as odds ratios (OR) with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI). For the quantitative synthesis, we employed a random-effects model. We analyzed 14 articles (with 40,902 participants) from seven different countries. The quantitative analysis revealed that an increase in one unit of AIP was associated with higher odds of developing CAD (OR 2.11; 95% CI 1.65-2.69; P < 0.001; I 2 = 98%). We conducted subgroup analyses of Chinese (OR 1.89; 95% CI 1.40-2.56; P < 0.001) and non-Chinese studies (OR 2.51; 95% CI 1.42-4.42; P < 0.001). The sensitivity analysis by risk of bias continued to demonstrate an association, and the heterogeneity remained unchanged (OR 1.75; 95% CI 1.33-2.31; P < 0.001; I 2 = 98%). Higher AIP values were associated with higher odds of developing CAD.  © 2022 the author(s), published by De Gruyter.
Well-balanced lunch reduces risk of lifestyle-related diseases in middle-aged japanese working men; Based on the results of a previous WHO-CARDIAC study, this study was designed to test the effect of the daily consumption of a diet rich in potassium with optimal salt content, rich in fish meat and soy isoflavones, corresponding to the ingredients of a traditional Japanese diet. The test meals were a Balanced Lunch (BL) with chicken as the main dish and a Fortified Lunch (FL) with fish and soy as the main dish, which appeared the same. A double-blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in 64 relatively obese men (47.2 ± 5.5 years old) who consumed the lunch at their work site for 4 weeks. All participants underwent fasting blood sampling, 24-h urine collection, as well as measurements of height, weight, and blood pressure before and after the intervention. Body mass index, blood pressure, and HbA1c were significantly improved and a 3-g reduction of salt intake was proven by 24-h urine collection in both groups. Moreover, HDL cholesterol and the Atherogenic Index (AI) were significantly improved in the FL group. In conclusion, the risks of lifestyle-related diseases in working men were reduced by one meal per day intervention of optimally-salted traditional Japanese diets containing soy and fish nutrients with high vegetable ingredients. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Hyperhomocysteinemia and inflammatory biomarkers are associated with higher clinical SYNTAX score in patients with stable coronary artery disease; Background/Aim. Previous studies have confirmed a positive correlation between homocysteine levels and a greater risk for acute coronary syndrome and stroke, but there are no available data to support an association between homocysteine and inflammatory markers and the severity of coronary artery disease according to the clinical SYNTAX score in patients with stable angina. The aim was to determine the association between homocysteine and inflammatory biomarker levels: interleukin (IL)-6, high sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), fibrinogen, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and the severity of coronary artery disease according to clinical SYNTAX score. Methods. Eighty-two patients with stable angina pectoris (average age 65 ± 8 years, 28.9% females) underwent coronary angiography and were divided into three groups according to the clinical SYNTAX score: the group I < 22 (39 patients), the group II 23–32 (16 patients), the group III > 33 (27 patients). The severity and complexity of coronary artery disease were calculated by clinical SYNTAX score, multiplying the SYNTAX score with the modified ACEF score, based on the patients’ left ventricular ejection fraction, age and creatinine clearance (derived with Cockcroft–Gault equation). Results. Homocysteine levels were significantly higher in patients with high clinical SYNTAX score [the group I: median (interquartile range – IQR): 10.20 (3.97), the group II: 10.45 (5.77), the group III: 14.70 (7.50), p = 0.005]. Patients in the group III had significantly higher homocysteine levels compared to the group I (p = 0.001). We also found a positive association between inflammatory biomarkers (IL-6, hsCRP, fibrinogen, ESR) and the severity of coronary artery disease according to the clinical SYNTAX score (p = 0.017, 0.001, 0.032, 0.049 respectively). We detected significantly lower plasma levels of vitamin B12 in the group III and group II in comparison with the group I (the group I: median (IQR): 238 (160), the group II: 171 (160), the group III: 172 (102), p = 0.022), which indicates its important role in homocysteine metabolism. Conclusion. The elevated plasma levels of homocysteine, IL-6, hsCRP, fibrinogen, ESR were detected in patients with high clinical SYNTAX score (> 33). Our results showed that hyperhomocysteinemia and some inflammatory biomarkers can predict more severe and extensive coronary artery disease in stable angina patients. © 2021 Inst. Sci. inf., Univ. Defence in Belgrade. All rights reserved.
The effect of untraditional lipid parameters in the development of coronary artery disease: Atherogenic index of plasma, atherogenic coefficient and lipoprotein combined index; Objective: In this study, we investigated the usability of atherogenic indices of patients who underwent coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) due to coronary artery disease and patients without CAD as risk factors and markers for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: The data of 150 patients who underwent CABG, and 155 patients who underwent coronary angiography and was not diagnosed with CAD were analysed retrospectively. Demographic data and plasma lipid values were collected. The relationship between these ratios and CVD was investigated via univariate logistic regression analysis performed by creating atherogenic indices. Results: The data of 125 patients who underwent CABG between May 2018 and May 2020 (90 males, 35 females; mean age 64,94 ± 9,61), and 155 patients who had coronary angiography between the same dates and found to have no CAD (64 males, 91 females; mean age 60,12 ± 11,6) were analysed retrospectively. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), atherogenic coefficient (AC) and lipoprotein combined index (LCI) ratios were found to be significantly higher in the CABG group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). CABG applied patients were divided into three groups ac-cording to their SYNTAX Score-I values. There was no statistical difference in the AIP (p = 0.434), AC (p = 0.715) and LCI (p = 0.891) ratios between the groups. In the ROC analysis of the CABG group, it was found that the AC value was the highest in terms of sensitivity with a value of 74.4% (AUC = 0.669, p < 0.001), and the LCI was the highest in terms of specificity with a value of 65.8% (AUC = 0.634, p < 0.001). In the univariate logistic regression analysis created, it was seen that all three indices had a significant effect in the CABG group (AIP; OR 0.493 p = 0,002, AC; OR 0.298 p < 0,001, LCI; OR 0.358 p = 0,001). Conclusion: The use of atherogenic indices in daily practice can be recommended in the process of monitoring the risk of CVD in CAD patients, along with determining those patients' lipid profiles. © 2021 Saudi Heart Association.
Uric acid as one of the markers of polymorbidity in patients with coronary heart disease; The problem of prevention and treatment of coronary artery disease (CAD) is a variety of diseases associated with this pathology. Until now, the mechanisms of the formation of polymorbidity (PM) remain unclear and biochemical markers of PM have not been identified, which is necessary for the development of effective measures for the prevention and correction of this condition. Objective. To study the relationship between the level of concentration in blood serum of uric acid (UA) with PM and some hemodynamic and metabolic risk factors for chronic non-infectious diseases (CNID) in patients with coronary artery disease. Material and methods. A retrospective study of the clinical and biochemical data of patients with chronic coronary artery disease who were examined and treated at the clinic of the Novosibirsk Federal Research Center for Fundamental and Translational Medicine was carried out. The analysis included data from 3073 patients who were divided into 2 groups depending on the concentration of UA in the blood serum: normal and elevated levels. A comparative analysis of the severity of PM, as well as clini-cal, hemodynamic and biochemical parameters characterizing the risk factors for CNID, in the selected groups was carried out. Results. It was found that patients with coronary artery disease with increased values of the concentration of UA in the blood serum had higher indicators of trans-system and transnosological PM, systolic blood pressure, body mass index, lipid metabolism disorders (in the form of an increase in the content of total cholesterol, triglycerides, an increase in the atherogenic index). Among patients with coronary artery disease with hyperuricemia, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, high-density hypolipopro-teinemia and hyperglycemia were more often recorded. Conclusion. The concentration of UA in the blood serum of patients with coronary artery disease can serve as one of the biochemical markers of PM. The results obtained can serve as a basis for the development of a method for assessing a patient’s condition in this disease. © 2022, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic index of plasma in women with rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus: A 10-year potential predictor of cardiovascular disease; Background: Women with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) are at high risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a new marker for the assessment of CVD. Objective: This study aimed to determine the predictive value of AIP with long-term CVD risk among women with RA and SLE. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of 99 RA and 59 SLE women. Demographic, clinical, and biochemical data were obtained, and disease activities were calculated. For each patient, the longterm risk of CVD was calculated using the Framingham risk score (FRS); AIP was derived according to the logarithmic (triglycerides/high-density lipoproteins cholesterol). Results: The mean age of the RA and SLE patients was 47.97 ± 8.78 and 36.75 ± 9.09 years, respectively. The median (interquartile range) of AIP values in RA and SLE patients were 0.34 (-0.15, 1.02) and 0.33 (-0.53, 0.96), respectively, while FRS values of RA patients and SLE patients were 6.38 ± 5.58 and 4.86 ± 4.5, respectively (p >0.05). There was a moderate correlation between AIP and FRS in RA and SLE patients (r=0.42, p=0.002 and r=0.33, p=0.007, respectively). According to the multivariate regression analyses, we found that AIP value is an independent factor for FRS in RA (β: 4.13, 95% confidence interval; 1.71, 6.18; p=0.008) and in SLE patients (β: 6.19, 95% confidence interval; 2.58, 9.81; p<0.001). Conclusions: We reported that AIP can be used as an independent indicator for long-term CVD risk in RA and SLE patients. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery calcification progression beyond traditional risk factors according to baseline coronary artery calcium score; This study aimed to evaluate the association between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which has been suggested as a novel marker for atherosclerosis, and coronary artery calcification (CAC) progression according to the baseline coronary artery calcium score (CACS). We included 12,326 asymptomatic Korean adults who underwent at least two CAC evaluations from December 2012 to August 2016. Participants were stratified into four groups according to AIP quartiles, which were determined by the log of (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Baseline CACSs were divided into three groups: 0, 1 − 100, and > 100. CAC progression was defined as a difference ≥ 2.5 between the square roots (√) of the baseline and follow-up CACSs (Δ√transformed CACS). Annualized Δ√transformed CACS was defined as Δ√transformed CACS divided by the inter-scan period. During a mean 3.3-year follow-up period, the overall incidence of CAC progression was 30.6%. The incidences of CAC progression and annualized Δ√transformed CACS were markedly elevated with increasing AIP quartile in participants with baseline CACSs of 0 and 1 − 100, but not in those with a baseline CACS > 100. The AIP level was associated with the annualized Δ√transformed CACS in participants with baseline CACSs of 0 (β = 0.016; P < 0.001) and 1 − 100 (β = 0.035; P < 0.001), but not in those with baseline CACS > 100 (β = 0.032; P = 0.385). After adjusting for traditional risk factors, the AIP was significantly associated with CAC progression in those with baseline CACS ≤ 100. The AIP has value for predicting CAC progression in asymptomatic adults without heavy baseline CAC. © 2020, The Author(s).
Rice bran oil could favorably ameliorate atherogenicity and insulin resistance indices among men with coronary artery disease: post hoc analysis of a randomized controlled trial; Background: Despite recent advances in recognizing more reliable indicators to estimate the coronary artery disease (CAD) patients’ response to treatment and prognosis, less attention has been paid to evaluating them in clinical trials. Hence, the present research was conducted to study the impact of rice bran oil (RBO) versus sunflower oil (SFO) on various atherogenicity and insulin resistance markers. Methods: In the present 8-week randomized controlled trial, 40 CAD men with an average age of 56 years were allocated randomly into the intervention or control group to use RBO or SFO (30 g/day) plus a standardized dietary plan. As a further analysis, eight atherosclerosis-related indices were calculated before and after the study. Results: Analysis of covariance test in which potential confounders and baseline levels were considered, indicated that using RBO compared to SFO reduced Castelli’s risk index I and II (adjusted means:3.29, 1.52 vs. 4.61, 2.20, respectively), atherogenic coefficient (2.29 vs. 3.61), lipoprotein combine index (6.54 vs. 17.53), and cholesterol index (0.46 vs. 1.20) after the trial (P-value ≤ 0.002). Also, the RBO group yielded significantly lower triglyceride glucose index (8.73 vs. 9.13) (P-value = 0.010). Further, marginally significant amelioration in triglyceride/HDL ratio and atherogenic index of plasma (1.48 and 0.13 vs. 1.86 and 0.24 respectively) were noted (P-value = 0.07). Spearman correlation analysis detected significant positive correlations between alterations in TNF-α serum levels (ng/L) and the majority of evaluated indices (P-value < 0.05). Conclusion: Taken together, incorporating 30 g of RBO into the patient’s usual diet appeared effective in ameliorating atherogenicity and insulin resistance indicators among men with CAD, probably in relation to its anti-inflammatory properties. Trial registration: The protocol of the current trial was retrospectively recorded in the Iranian clinical trial registration system (IRCT) with the registration number of IRCT20190313043045N1 (URL: https://en.irct.ir/trial/38346; Registration date: 2019-04-27). © 2021, The Author(s).
Effects of PCSK9 Inhibition on Coronary Atherosclerosis Regression of Nontarget Lesions after Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients; Aims. To evaluate the regression of coronary atherosclerosis with proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibition in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients following primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI). Methods and Result. We examined 40 nontarget lesions in 17 ACS patients who underwent PPCI and were treated with PCSK9 inhibitors. At 1 year, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and atherogenic index (AI) decreased significantly by 2.5 mmol/L, 2.01 mmol/L, and 1.86, respectively. On quantitative coronary angiography, treatment with PCSK9 inhibitors reduced significantly the atherosclerotic area stenosis in nontarget lesions (61.18 ± 14.55 at baseline vs. 52.85 ± 15.51 at 1 year, P < 0.001). Conclusions. After 1 year of PCSK9 inhibition treatment for ACS patients, the area stenosis of non-TLR was considerably reduced.  © 2022 Yongjun Li et al.
Reply to the letter to the editor: [Letter by Yue J, et al. regarding article ‘The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and noreflow in patients with acute ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention’]; We have read with a great pleasure the letter of Yue J, et al. to the editor about our recent study which showed an association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Yue J, et al. raises concerns about the timing of blood collection, whether if it was taken before the emergency intervention or after. In emergency department, while performing intravenous line, the blood samples for blood biochemistry and whole blood count were also taken from the patients. Another concern of the author was the timing of left ventricular ejection fraction measurement (LVEF). LVEF measurements were obtained before the emergency intervention and some were after the intervention, but before the patient discharge. In our study we included the LVEF in our model, because we could not ignore that modeling which was comprehensively used in recent studies on relation of LVEF and no-reflow. We designed this statistical model not only for the no-reflow prediction but also for the explanation of the no-reflow pathophysiology. We thank the authors' letter for pointing out these issues that we hope to have addressed. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
The atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: Results from an observational cohort study in China; Background: Many studies have reported the predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in the progression of atherosclerosis and the prognosis of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, the utility of the AIP for prediction is unknown after PCI among type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: 2356 patients with T2DM who underwent PCI were enrolled and followed up for 4 years. The primary outcome was major cardiovascular and cerebrovascular adverse events (MACCEs), considered to be a combination of cardiogenic death, myocardial infarction, repeated revascularization, and stroke. Secondary endpoints included all-cause mortality, target vessel revascularization (TVR), and non-target vessel revascularization (non-TVR). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression modelling found that the AIP was correlated with prognosis and verified by multiple models. According to the optimal cut-off point of the ROC curve, the population was divided into high/low-AIP groups. A total of 821 pairs were successfully matched using propensity score matching. Then, survival analysis was performed on both groups. Results: The overall incidence of MACCEs was 20.50% during a median of 47.50 months of follow-up. The multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis before matching suggested that the AIP was an independent risk factor for the prognosis of T2DM after PCI (hazard ratio [HR] 1.528, 95% CI 1.100-2.123, P = 0.011). According to the survival analysis of the matched population, the prognosis of the high AIP group was significantly worse than that of the low AIP group (HR (95% CI) 1.614 (1.303-2.001), P < 0.001), and the difference was mainly caused by repeat revascularization. The low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) level did not affect the prognosis of patients with T2DM (P = 0.169), and the effect of the AIP on prognosis was also not affected by LDL-C level (P < 0.001). Conclusions: The AIP, a comprehensive index of lipid management in patients with T2DM, affects prognosis after PCI. The prognosis of diabetic patients with high levels of the AIP included more MACCEs and was not affected by LDL-C levels. It is recommended to monitor the AIP for lipid management in diabetic patients after PCI and ensure that the AIP is not higher than 0.318. Trial registration This is an observational cohort study that does not involve interventions. So we didn't register. We guarantee that the research is authentic and reliable, and hope that your journal can give us a chance. © 2020 The Author(s).
Predictive Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma for Stent Restenosis After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for stent restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). STUDY DESIGN: A total of 512 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) undergoing emergency PCI in our hospital from January 2015 to December 2019, and those patients underwent coronary angiography (CAG) as a follow-up re-examination within 1 year after the PCI. Based on their coronary angiographic results, the participants were divided into 2 groups: restenosis group (n=252 cases) and control group (without restenosis) (n=260 cases). The differences of AIP and blood lipid levels between the 2 groups were compared. RESULTS: The value of AIP in the restenosis group was higher than that in the non-restenosis group (p< 0.05); AIP was independently correlated with ISR (OR=1.269, 95% CI 1.084–1.489, p=0.003). CONCLUSION: AIP might be a novel and strong predictor associated with stent restenosis after PCI. Higher AIP level was positively and strongly associated with stent restenosis after PCI. © Science Printers and Publishers, Inc.
Evaluation of metabolic parameters and aortic elasticity in normotensive children with premature adrenarche; Premature adrenarche may be associated with an intrauterine programmed metabolic syndrome which should be considered as a warning sign for coronary heart disease due to accelerated atherosclerosis, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), and polycystic ovary syndrome. Seventy-three patients with premature adrenarche were evaluated for metabolic parameters and aortic elasticity to evaluate the susceptibility to atherosclerosis and compared with a control group. The patients were examined in two groups as overweight and nonoverweight, and metabolic and cardiac parameters were also compared among these groups. Strain, distensibility, and stiffness index parameters were used to evaluate aortic elasticity. Biochemical parameters and cardiac measurements were not statistically different between patients and controls. They also did not differ between patients with normal weight and overweight groups. Atherogenic index and insulin resistance were closely related and a positive correlation between cholesterol and triglyceride, and ascending aortic stiffness was found. The results may suggest that cholesterol and triglyceride-related arterial involvement is more involved in the pathogenesis of arterial stiffness. It can be considered that 'being overweight' or 'having metabolic profile characterized by insulin resistance and dyslipidemia' are the major coexisting factors influencing the vascular structure, rather than increased androgens and premature adrenarche itself. © 2021 2021 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolicindices in patients with acute coronary syndrome; BACKGROUND Triglyceride (TG) and its related metabolic indices, all recognized as surrogates of insulin resistance, have been demonstrated to be relevant to clinical prognosis. However, the relative value of these TG-related indices for predicting cardiovascular events among patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) has not been examined. METHODS The TG, the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, the atherogenic index of plasma, TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and the lipoprotein combine index were assessed in 1694 ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE), which was the composite of all-cause mortality, stroke, myocardial infarction, or unplanned repeat revascularization. RESULTS During a median follow-up of 31 months, 345 patients (20.4%) had MACE. The risk of the MACE was increased with higher TG and the four TG-derived metabolic indices [TG-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 1.002, 95% CI: 1.001-1.003; TyG index-adjusted HR = 1.736, 95% CI: 1.398-2.156; atherogenic index of plasma-adjusted HR = 2.513, 95% CI: 1.562-4.043; TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio-adjusted HR = 1.148, 95% CI: 1.048-1.258; and lipoprotein combine index-adjusted HR = 1.009, 95% CI: 1.004-1.014; P < 0.001 for all indices]. TG and all the four indices significantly improved the predictive ability for MACE in addition to the baseline model. Among them, TyG index showed the best ability for predicting MACE compared with the other three indices from all the three measurements (P < 0.05 for all comparison). CONCLUSIONS TG and TG-derived metabolic indices were all strongly associated with MACE among ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Among all the indices, TyG index showed the best ability to predict the risk of MACE.  © 2022 JGC.
Estimation of lipid profile and kidney function test in hypertensive patients in thi-qar province/ iraq.; The current research was intended to relate the atherogenic index, urea, creatinine for hypertensive & non hypertensive cases and lipid profiles as well. The research study was directed at Al-Hussein Teaching Hospital in Thi-Qar Biochemistry Laboratory in College of Sciences, University of Thi-Qar, Iraq. Total 85 subjects were incorporated in this study with 50 control subjects and 35 hypertensive patients. Serum lipid profile comprising triglyceride, VLDL, antherogenic index, LDL, urea, creatinine and HDL were estimated for both groups.The results indicated the considerably higher levels of very low density lipoproteins, atherogenic index, low density lipoprotein, creatinine, triglycerides, urea and total cholesterol in patients than that of control group. Whereas, high density lipoproteins level was found to be low in patient group comparing to control. The outcome acquired from our present study concluded that a positive association of serum lipid profile particularly triglycerides, LDL and total cholesterol levels to hypertension. These advanced lipid levels might be because of stress, alcohol consumption, physical inactivity, high consumption of dietary fat and increased age.Thus, an appropriate valuation of lipid profile in all hypertensive cases is essential to halt additional intensification and coronary artery disease risks. Hence, the serum creatinine and urea level could be utilized for diabetic, hypertensive nephropathic cases and renal disease. © 2019, Advanced Scientific Research. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Coronary Artery Disease in the Adult Population: A Meta-Analysis; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which is the logarithm of the ratio between the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) concentrations in molar units, is correlated with the burden of atherosclerosis. This study aimed to evaluate the association between the AIP and coronary artery disease (CAD) in the adult population by performing a meta-analysis. Methods: Observational studies relevant for this meta-analysis were identified by searching the PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases. Only studies using multivariate analysis were considered. A random-effects model, which incorporates potential intra-study heterogeneity, was applied to combine the results. Results: Ten observational studies were included. In studies with the AIP analyzed as a continuous variable, a higher AIP was associated with a higher odds of CAD (adjusted risk ratio [RR] per 1-standard deviation [SD] increment of AIP: 2.10, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.51–2.93, P < 0.001, I2 = 90%). Further analysis of studies with the AIP analyzed as a categorical variable showed a higher odds of CAD (adjusted RR: 2.35, 95% CI: 1.88–2.93, P < 0.001, I2 = 37%) in the participants with the highest versus the lowest AIP value. Subgroup analyses demonstrated consistent results in asymptomatic and symptomatic populations as well as in male and female participants (all between-group P values > 0.05). Discussion: Current evidence, mostly from cross-sectional studies, suggests that a higher AIP value may be independently associated with CAD in the adult population. Copyright © 2021 Wu, Zhou, Wei, Wei and Cui.
Atherogenic index of plasma predicts cerebrovascular accident occurrence in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis; Background: To investigate whether atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) at diagnosis is associated with the occurrence of cerebrovascular accident (CVA) or coronary artery disease (CAD) in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis (AAV). Methods: The medical records of 167 AAV patients on initial diagnosis was reviewed, and 300 healthy controls were included. AIP was calculated using the following equation: AIP = Log (triglyceride [mg/dL] / high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [mg/dL]). AAV patients were divided into two groups according to the AIP cut-off of 0.11. The event of stroke, transient ischemic attack, and cerebral hemorrhage was recorded as CVA, and CAD events consisted of either myocardial infarction and angina pectoris. CVA- and CAD- free survival rate between those with AIP ≥ 0.11 and < 0.11 were compared by the Kaplan-Meier analysis, and Cox hazard analysis was conducted to identify predictors of CVA. Results: The median age of AAV patients were 59.0 years, and 54 (32.3%) patients were male. One-hundred and fifteen (68.9%) patients had AIP < 0.11 and 52 (31.1%) had AIP ≥ 0.11. The mean Birmingham vasculitis activity score in AAV patients with AIP < 0.11 was lower than that seen in patients with AIP ≥ 0.11 (12.0 vs. 14.0, P = 0.041). AAV patients had a significantly higher AIP compared to controls (mean - 0.01 vs. -0.10, P < 0.001). During follow-up, the occurrence of CVA and CAD was observed in 16 (9.6%) and 14 (8.4%) patients, respectively. In Kaplan-Meier analysis, AAV patients with AIP ≥ 0.11 had significantly lower CVA-free survival rates than in those with AIP < 0.11 (P = 0.027), whereas there was no difference in CAD according to AIP (P = 0.390). Multivariable Cox analysis indicated that AIP ≥ 0.11 at diagnosis was the sole predictor of CVA (Hazard ratio 3.392, 95% confidence interval 1.076, 10.696, P = 0.037). Conclusions: AIP is significantly higher in AAV patients than in healthy controls, and AIP ≥ 0.11 at diagnosis is a significant predictor of CVA during follow-up. Stringent surveillance should be provided in AAV patients with AIP ≥ 0.11 regarding the occurrence of CVA. Trial registration: Retrospectively registered (4-2017-0673).  © 2020 The Author(s).
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery calcification progression in Korean adults; Background: Dyslipidemia is a well-known risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recently, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been proposed as a novel predictive marker for CVD, and few cross sectional studies have demonstrated a relationship between AIP and coronary artery disease. The present study investigated the association between AIP and the progression of coronary artery calcification (CAC) in Korean adults without CVD. Methods: A total of 1124 participants who had undergone CAC measurement at least twice by multi-detector computed tomography (CT) at a health check-up center were enrolled. Their anthropometric measurements and various cardiovascular risk factors were assessed. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the concentration of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C). CAC progression was defined as either incident CAC in a CAC-free population at baseline, or an increase of ≥2.5 units between the square roots of the baseline and follow-up coronary artery calcium scores (CACS) in subjects with detectable CAC at baseline. Results: CAC progression was observed in 290 subjects (25.8%) during the mean follow-up of 4.2 years. All subjects were stratified into three groups according to AIP. There were significant differences in cardiovascular parameters among groups at baseline. The follow-up CAC and the incidence of CAC progression increased gradually with rising AIP tertiles. In logistic regression analysis, the odds ratio for CAC progression was 2.27 when comparing the highest to the lowest tertile of AIP (95% CI: 1.61-3.19; P for trend < 0.01). However, this association was attenuated after adjustment for multiple risk factors (P for trend = 0.67). Conclusions: There is a significant correlation between AIP and the progression of CAC in subjects without CVD. Although AIP was not an independent predictor of CAC progression, AIP should be considered when estimating the current as well as future CVD risk, along with other traditional risk factors.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis beyond traditional risk factors; Background and aims: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been suggested as a marker of plasma atherogenicity. This study aimed to assess the association between AIP and the rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis using serial coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). Methods: A total of 1488 adults (60.9 ± 9.2 years, 58.9% male) who underwent serial CCTA with a median inter-scan period of 3.4 years were included. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the concentrations of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Rapid plaque progression (RPP) was defined as the change of percentage atheroma volume (PAV) ≥1.0%/year. All participants were divided into three groups based on AIP tertiles. Results: Baseline total PAV (median [interquartile range (IQR)]) (%) (group I [lowest]: 1.91 [0.00, 6.21] vs. group II: 2.82 [0.27, 8.83] vs. group III [highest]: 2.70 [0.41, 7.50]), the annual change of total PAV (median [IQR]) (%/year) (group I: 0.27 [0.00, 0.81] vs. group II: 0.37 [0.04, 1.11] vs. group III: 0.45 [0.06, 1.25]), and the incidence of RPP (group I: 19.7% vs. group II: 27.3% vs. group III: 31.4%) were significantly different among AIP tertiles (all p < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression analysis, the risk of RPP was increased in group III (odds ratio: 1.52, 95% confidence interval: 1.02–2.26; p = 0.042) compared to group I after adjusting for clinical factors and baseline total PAV. Conclusions: Based on serial CCTA findings, AIP is an independent predictive marker for RPP beyond traditional risk factors. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Impact of serum 25 hydroxyvitamin D deficiency on lipid biomarkers in established coronary artery disease; Objectives: Vitamin D deficiency (VDD) is associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) directly by augmenting atherosclerosis and indirectly through cardiovascular risk factors. The present study was aimed to find an association of 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) with lipid profile among established CAD. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 73 patients of angiographically confirmed CAD aged between 35 and 55 years of both gender. Serum 25(OH)D and lipid profile were estimated by ELISA kit and Roche auto-analyzer respectively. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and sdLDL (small dense low-density lipoprotein) were calculated using the accepted formula. Results: The mean 25(OH)D level was 17.95 ± 13.51. Only 15% had sufficient 25(OH)D level. There was a significant negative correlation of 25(OH)D with TC/HDL (T.cholesterol/High-density lipoprotein) ratio (p=0.022). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed no statistically significant impact of 25(OH)D with lipid biomarkers. Conclusions: We found low 25(OH)D mean value among CAD and a significant negative correlation of 25(OH)D with TC/HDL. This study suggests VDD may affect primary lipid target resulting in unfavorable outcomes in CAD. © 2021 Shaheena Yassir et al.
Role of dyslipidemia in early vascular aging syndrome; Background/aim: Arterial stiffness, known as a predictor of early vascular aging, was defined as the main determinant of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. However, the relationship between lipid profile and increased arterial stiffness is not clear. The aim of this study is to investigate the relationship between lipid profiles and increased arterial stiffness in patients with early vascular aging syndrome. Materials and methods: A total of 1582 participants -504 (31.8%) of were male and the mean age was 52.8 ±14.2 years- were included in the study. Patients who applied to the hospital for various reasons and who had undergone 24-h blood pressure Holter monitoring were included in this study. Patients were divided into four groups according to pulse wave velocity (PWV) quartiles (Q1 (<6.3), Q2 (6.3-7.4), Q3 (7.5-8.8), Q4 (>8.8)). Results: We found that in the highest PWV group, patients had higher systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), glucose, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, urinary albumin excretion (UAE), uric acid(UA), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerid (TG), and non- high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) levels. Additionally, diabetes mellitus (dm), age, non-HDL-C, and TG/ HDL-C levels were detected as independent risk factors of increased PWV in ordinal logistic regression analysis. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that lipid parameters are strongly correlated with increased PWVvalue and early vascular aging. In daily clinical practice, TG\HDL-C ratio, known as atherogenic index, might be used routinely for predicted of early vascular aging and subclinical atherosclerosis. © TÜBİTAK.
A Risk-Stratification Machine Learning Framework for the Prediction of Coronary Artery Disease Severity: Insights From the GESS Trial; Our study aims to develop a data-driven framework utilizing heterogenous electronic medical and clinical records and advanced Machine Learning (ML) approaches for: (i) the identification of critical risk factors affecting the complexity of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD), as assessed via the SYNTAX score; and (ii) the development of ML prediction models for accurate estimation of the expected SYNTAX score. We propose a two-part modeling technique separating the process into two distinct phases: (a) a binary classification task for predicting, whether a patient is more likely to present with a non-zero SYNTAX score; and (b) a regression task to predict the expected SYNTAX score accountable to individual patients with a non-zero SYNTAX score. The framework is based on data collected from the GESS trial (NCT03150680) comprising electronic medical and clinical records for 303 adult patients with suspected CAD,having undergone invasive coronary angiography in AHEPA University Hospital of Thessaloniki, Greece.The deployment of the proposed approachd emonstrated that at her ogenicindex of plasma levels, diabetes mellitus and hypertension can be considered as important risk factors for discriminating patients into zero-and non-zero SYNTAX score groups, whereas diastolic and systolic arterial blood pressure, peripheral vascular disease and body mass index can be considered as significant risk factors for providing an accurate estimation of the expected SYNTAX score, given that a patient belongs to the non-zero SYNTAX score group. The experimental findings utilizing the identified set of important risk factors indicate a sufficient prediction performance for the Support Vector Machine model (classification task) with an F-measure score of ∼0.71 and the Support Vector Regression model (regression task) with a median absolute error value of ∼6.5. The proposed data-driven framework described herein present evidence of the prediction capacity and the potential clinical usefulness of the developed risk-stratification models. However, further experimentation in a larger clinical setting is needed to ensure the practical utility of the presented models in a way to contribute to a more personalized management and counseling of CAD patients. © 2022 Mittas,Chatzopoulou,Kyritsis,Papagiannopoulos,Theodoroula,.
Atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of advanced subclinical coronary artery disease beyond traditional risk factors: An observational cohort study; Background: Atherogenic lipoprotein profile of plasma is an important risk factor for atherosclerosis. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been suggested as a novel marker for atherosclerosis. Hypothesis: AIP is a useful marker of advanced subclinical coronary artery disease (CAD) in subjects without overt renal dysfunction. Methods: A total of 6928 subjects with estimated glomerular filtration rate > 60 mL/minutes/1.73 m2 evaluated by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA) for health check-up were included. The relation of AIP to advanced CAD (heavy coronary calcification, defined as coronary artery calcium score [CACS] >100 or obstructive coronary plaque [OCP], defined as plaque with >50% stenosis) was evaluated. Results: All participants were stratified into four groups based on AIP quartiles. The prevalence of CACS >100 (group I [lowest] 4.7% vs group II 7.0% vs group III 8.8% vs group IV 10.0%) and OCP (group I 3.7% vs group II 6.4% vs group III 8.8% vs group IV 10.9%) (all P <.001) increased with elevating AIP quartiles. Higher AIP (per 0.1 unit increase) was associated with an increased risk of CACS >100 (odds ratio [OR] 1.057, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.010 to 1.106, P =.017; relative risk (RR) 1.048, 95% CI 1.009-1.089, and P =.015) and OCP (OR 1.079, 95% CI 1.033-1.127, P =.001; RR 1.069, 95% CI 1.031-1.108, P <.001) after adjusting for age > 60 years, male sex, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, obesity, and proteinuria. Conclusion: AIP is independently associated with advanced subclinical CAD beyond traditional risk factors. © 2020 The Authors. Clinical Cardiology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effect of Zanthoxylum alkylamides on lipid metabolism and its mechanism in rats fed with a high-fat diet; This research aimed at exploring the effect of Zanthoxylum alkylamides on lipid metabolism and its potential mechanisms using high-fat diet rat model. Treatment with Zanthoxylum alkylamides for 6 weeks, food efficiency and atherogenic index of the low, medium, and high doses of Zanthoxylum alkylamides-treated groups were significantly reduced. Meanwhile, the histopathological structure of the livers showed that hepatic steatosis in the groups treated with Zanthoxylum alkylamides was reduced, particularly the HD group. Moreover, the related genes were studied, such as, liver X receptor (LXR), cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1), hepatic 3-hydroxyl-2-methylglutaryl CoA (HMG-CoA) reductase, sterol regulatory element-binding protein 2 (SREBP-2), ileal bile acid-binding protein (IBABP), sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT), and transient receptor potential vanilloid subtype1 (TRPV1). These results demonstrated that Zanthoxylum alkylamides could ameliorate abnormal lipid metabolism in rats fed with a high-fat diet. The underlying mechanism may be the downregulation of the expression levels of cholesterol synthesis and bile acid reabsorption-related genes, reduction of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase in bile acid and neutral sterol excretion. Practical applications: High-energy diet is a potential risk of lipid metabolic disorder. Many studies have shown that hyperlipidemia can lead to atherosclerosis and even hemangioma, cerebral thrombosis, coronary heart disease, and other diseases, which seriously threaten human health. Therefore, seeking an effective and safe way to prevent the obesity-related disease is necessary. This research found that Zanthoxylum alkylamide could ameliorate abnormal lipid metabolism in rats fed with a high-fat diet. The underlying mechanism may be the downregulation of the expression levels of cholesterol synthesis and ileal absorption of bile acid genes, reduction of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase in bile acid and neutral sterol excretion. Therefore, Zanthoxylum alkylamide has the potential for preventing or alleviating high-energy intake-related obesity. © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effects of protocatechuic acid on ameliorating lipid profiles and cardio-protection against coronary artery disease in high fat and fructose diet fed in rats; A coronary heart disease leads to increase in obesity and metabolic dysfunction. Protocatechuic acid (PCA), due to its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, neuro protective activities was found efficient as cardio-protective in coronary heart disease. Our study investigated hypolipidemic and cardioprotective effects of protocatechuic acid in the coronary artery disease induced by high fat and fructose diet (HFD) rat models. A diet rich in fat and fructose was fed to male Wistar rats prior to the start of experimental procedures. Serum lipid levels and hepatic triglycerides (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) levels were examined and analyzed. Both in vitro an in vivo pancreatic lipase activity was determined as well. Histopathological examination was performed and their results were noted. Noteworthy reduction of serum lipid levels and hepatic TG and TC levels was seen in groups treated with simvastatin (SIM; 20 mg/kg) and PCA (50 and 100 mg/kg) in comparison to HFD groups. Pancreatic lipase activity was reduced in the SIM group and the group treated with doses of PCA (50 and 100 mg/kg). A marked increase in gain in body weight per week (P<0.05) was achieved in HFD group. Coronary risk index (CRI) and Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) showed decreased index values after treatments with SIM and PCA (50 and 100 mg/kg), respectively. Our findings confirmed the efficacious cardio-protective and hypolipidaemic activities of protocatechuic acid in coronary artery disease induced in rats with fat and fructose rich diet. © 2020 The Japanese Society of Veterinary Science.
Association of C-peptide and lipoprotein(a) as two predictors with cardiometabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes in KERCADR population-based study; We sought association between serum Lipoprotein(a) and C-Peptide levels as two predictors with cardiometabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This nested case-control study was conducted on 253 participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus and control from the second phase of the KERCADR cohort study. The participants were randomly allocated into case and control groups. The quantitative levels of Lipoprotein(a) and C-Peptide were measured by ELISA. Atherogenic indices of plasma were measured. The plasma Atherogenic Index of Plasma significantly decreased (P = 0.002) in case-male participants, and plasma Castelli Risk Index II level significantly increased (P = 0.008) in control-male participants with the highest dichotomy of Lipoprotein(a). The plasma Atherogenic Index of Plasma level in case-female participants significantly increased (P = 0.023) with the highest dichotomy of C-Peptide. Serum C-Peptide level significantly increased (P = 0.010 and P = 0.002, respectively) in control-male participants with the highest dichotomies of Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Castelli Risk Index I. There was a significant association between the highest quartile of C-Peptide and higher anthropometric values in case participants; and higher atherogenic indices of plasma and anthropometric values in control participants. Raised serum C-peptide than raised Lipoprotein(a) can be a prior predictor for cardiometabolic disease risk in healthy participants and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with increased cardiometabolic biomarkers. Case and control males with general and visceral obesity and case and control females with visceral obesity are exposure to increased C-peptide, respectively. Lipoprotein(a) may be risk independent biomarker for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Reducing raised Lipoprotein(a) levels to less than 30ng/ml with strict control of low density lipoprotein cholesterol would be the best approach to prevent coronary artery disease consequences. It is suggested that a screening system be set up to measure the Lp(a) levels in the community for seemingly healthy people or individuals with one or more cardiometabolic biomarkers. © 2022 Mahmoodi, Najafipour. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Preliminary study on the correlation between different blood lipids and coronary artery disease; Objective: To explore the correlation between different blood lipid components and patients with coronary artery disease, and identify the best blood lipid index for predicting coronary artery disease.Methods: Patients who were selected for coronary angiography due to chest pain were divided into normal coronary artery group(control group, Gensini score=0, n=123) and coronary heart disease group(n=366) according to the results of the angiography, and then according to Gensini scores Coronary heart disease was divided into the subgroup of mild disease(Gensini score<30, n=177) and the subgroup of severe disease(Gensini score≥30, n=189). Detect TC, TG, LDL-C, HDL-C, ApoA-1, ApoB and other indicators of each group of patients, and calculate non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, ApoB/ApoA-1. AI, AIP, LCI.Results:① Compared with the control group, the levels of ApoA-1 in the coronary heart disease group were significantly reduced, while ApoB/ApoA-1 were significantly increased(P<0.05).② Multivariate logistic regression analysis suggested that age, diabetes, smoking, and ApoB/ApoA-1 were independent risk factors for coronary heart disease, and age, diabetes, smoking, and ApoB/ApoA-1 were independent risk factors for severe coronary artery disease. ApoA-1 was an independent protective factor for coronary heart disease and severe coronary artery disease.③ The results of correlation analysis showed that ApoA-1 was negatively correlated with Gensini score and the number of coronary artery diseased blood vessels(r=-0.367, r=-0.341, P<0.01), ApoB/ApoA-1 was a positive correlation with Gensini score and the number of coronary artery diseased vessels(r=0.371, r=0.350, respectively, P<0.01).(4) ROC curve analysis results showed that ApoB/ApoA-1 and ApoA-1 have certain predictive values for coronary heart disease and severe coronary artery disease, and their predictive value were stronger than other blood lipid indexes.Conclusion: Compared with other blood lipid indexes, ApoA-1, ApoB/ApoA-1 have the strongest correlation with coronary heart disease. © 2021 Journal Press of Union Hospital. All rights reserved.
Structural Characterization, Molecular Docking and Protective Effect on Coronary Artery Disease of a New Nanostructured Cu(II)-Coordination Polymer by Reducing the Inflammatory Level; The development of Cu(II)-based coordination complexes as potent anticancer agents has received increasing attention in recent years. In this study, a novel Cu(II) bearing coordination polymer formulated as [Cu2(bix)(aip)2(H2O)2]n (1, bix = 1,4‐bis(imidazol‐1‐ylmethyl)benzene, H2aip = 5‐aminoisophthalic acid) has been triumphantly prepared by the reaction of Cu(NO3)2·3H2O, bix and H2aip under the hydrothermal condition. Furthermore, the ultrasonic synthesis method was used to produce the nanoscale 1 (denoted as nano 1 hereafter) with the particle size in the range of 360 nm. The protective effect of nano 1 on the coronary heart disease treatment was evaluated. Western blot was utilized to detect the relative expression of AMPK/SIRT1/NF-κB pathway, and the ROS detection was performed to measure the (reactive oxygen species) ROS level in the cells. Analysis further performed by molecular docking shows that Cu(II) complex possess the drug-like criteria indicating the anti-coronary heart disease potential. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Atherogenic index of plasma as an additional marker of adverse cardiovascular outcomes; Aim. Using a representative sample of the Krasnoyarsk Krai population, to evaluate the distribution of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), logarithmically transformed ratio of molar concentrations of triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and to identify possible associations between AIP, various cardiovascular diseases, and metabolic parameters. Material and methods. The study included a random representative sample of 1603 residents of the Krasnoyarsk and Berezovsky rural district aged 25-64 years as part of the Epidemiology of Cardiovascular Diseases and their Risk Factors in Regions of Russian Federation (ESSE-RF) study. Statistical processing was performed using IBM SPSS v22 and Microsoft Excel 2021 programs. We assessed the prevalence of hypertension (HTN), coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and renal dysfunction in the whole sample and in groups with different risk depending on AIP. Differences between groups were tested by Yates's chi-squared test and were considered significant at p≤0,05. Results. Depending on AIP value, 73,5% of participants were in the low-risk group (AIP <0,10), 10,4% - in moderate risk group (AIP, 0,10-0,24) and 16,1% - in high-risk group (AIP>0,24). The prevalence of prior MI or stroke in the moderate and high-risk group for AIP was significantly higher than in the low-risk group (p=0,024). A regular increase in HTN prevalence was registered from 42,6% in the low-risk group to 71,4% in the high-risk group for AIP (p<0,001 for all). There was a significant increase in the proportion of patients with a combination of HTN + elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels as AIP risk increased - from 28,4% at low risk to 45,2% at high risk. There were no significant differences between AIP risk groups in the prevalence of coronary artery disease and renal dysfunction. Conclusion. AIP is a simple additional estimated parameter that characterizes the atherogenic properties of plasma. Based on a cohort of Krasnoyarsk Krai subjects, an elevated level of AIP is associated with an increased prevalence of MI and strokes. Determination of AIP may be especially useful in the case of normal baseline low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. © 2022 Vserossiiskoe Obshchestvo Kardiologov. All rights reserved.
Novel predictors and adverse long-term outcomes of No-reflow phenomenon in patients with acute ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention; Objectives: The no-reflow phenomenon occurs in 25% of patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), and may be associated with adverse outcomes. The aim of our study was to detect novel predictors of no-reflow phenomenon and the resulting adverse long term outcomes. Methods: We enrolled 400 STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI; 228 patients had TIMI flow 3 after PCI (57%) and the remaining 172 patients had TIMI flow <3 (43%). Fibrinogen to albumin ratio (FAR), high sensitive C-reactive protein to albumin ratio (CAR), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. Long term mortality and morbidity during 6 months follow up were recorded. These data were compared among both groups. Results: In multivariate regression analysis, old age (OR = 1.115, 95% CI: 1.032–1.205, P = 0.006), higher troponin level >5.6 ng/mL (OR = 1.040, 95% CI: 1.001–1.080, P = 0.04), diabetes mellitus (OR = 4.401, 95% CI: 1.081–17.923, P = 0.04) and heavy thrombus burden (OR = 16.915, 95% CI: 5.055–56.602, P < 0.001) could be considered as predictors for the development of no-reflow. Interestingly, CAR >0.21, FAR >11.56, and AIP >0.52 could be considered as novel powerful independent predictors (OR = 3.357, 95% CI: 2.288–4.927, P < 0.001, OR = 4.187, 95% CI: 2.761–6.349, P < 0.001, OR = 16.794, 95% CI: 1.018–277.01, P = 0.04, respectively). Higher long term mortality (P < 0.001) and heart failure (P < 0.001) was also strongly related to incidence of no-reflow. Conclusion: No-reflow could be attributed to novel predictors as CAR, FAR, and AIP. This phenomenon was associated with long term adverse events as higher mortality and pump failure. © 2020 Cardiological Society of India
Statin therapy improves serum Annexin A1 levels in patients with acute coronary syndrome: A case-controlled study; Background: The objective of the study is to estimate the protective role of statins in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) through modulation of annexin A1 (AnxA1) serum levels. Methods: A total number of 63 patients with ACS were recruited compared with 25 healthy control subjects. The enrolments were divided into - Group (A): Patients with ACS on atorvastatin (n = 20), Group (B): Patients with ACS on rosuvastatin (n = 20), Group (C): Patients with ACS but not on statin therapy (n = 23), and Group (D): Healthy controls (n = 25). Body mass index and both systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressures were measured. Lipid profile, atherogenic index, cardiac risk ratio, cardiovascular risk index, and human AnxA1 level were estimated. Results: AnxA1 serum level was higher in patients with ACS (3.35 ± 0.84) compared with healthy controls (1.71 ± 0.91) and nonstatin using patients (1.47 ± 0.76) (P = 0.005). Conclusion: AnxA1 serum level is reduced in patients with ACS compared with healthy controls. Patients with ACS on statins therapy showed a higher level of AnxA1 compared with patients with ACS but not on statin therapy. © 2021 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
Relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome; Objective: Stent thrombosis (ST) is an uncommon but serious complication in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). This study aimed to investigate the effect of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) on ST. Methods: Among the 10,258 patients who underwent coronary angiography between January 2018 and December 2020, 239 patients who underwent PCI with the diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) due to ST were included as the study group (ST group) and 459 patients who underwent percutaneous intervention for ACS and did not have any in-stent lesion as the control group (non-ST group). ST classification was done according to the Academic Research Consortium definition. Results: The mean age of the patients was 63.3±10.6 years (483 male, 69.2%). The groups were similar in terms of characteristic properties, comorbidities, and the drugs being used (p>0.05 for all). Drug eluting stents were used in 86.5% of the patients. In the ST group, the median time from stent implantation to thrombosis was 285 days. Mean AIP and the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) were statistically significantly higher in the ST group than in the controls (p<0.001 and p=0.018, respectively), and a positive correlation was observed between time from stent implantation to thrombosis and AIP and TG/HDL-C (rS=0.229, p=0.010 and rS=0.222, p=0.010, respectively). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that stent length, prior ST elevation myocardial infarction, TG/HDL-C, and AIP were independent predictors of ST. Conclusion: AIP is an easy calculable biomarker, and the performance of AIP to predict ST is better than TG/HDL-C. Copyright © Author(s)
Correlation of Serum Retinol and Atherogenic Indices in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Case–Control Study; Dyslipidemia is an important risk factor for atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease, leading to mortality and morbidity in subjects with T2DM. This risk is higher in subjects with diabetes who are on retinoid therapy for some other indication, where hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and low serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and sudden cardiovascular deaths have been reported. Our study aimed to find the correlation of serum retinol and atherogenic index (AI) in subjects with T2DM and compare them with healthy controls. We found there was a significant difference in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index, waist circumference, waist hip ratio, total cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), the atherogenic ratio of cholesterol (ARC), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and AI between the two groups. There was a significant positive correlation of serum retinol with TC, TG, LDL-C, Non-HDL-C, ARC, AIP, and AI. In our study we found an association of serum retinol with atherogenic index and dyslipidemia in subjects with T2DM. Serum retinol can be a novel predictor of cardiovascular risk in subjects with T2DM. © 2021, Association of Clinical Biochemists of India.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Its Association with Risk Factors of Coronary Artery Disease and Nutrient Intake in Korean Adult Men: The 2013–2014 KNHANES; Coronary artery disease (CAD) has been linked to one of the highest death rates globally. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) may be an important predictor of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, superior to the standard atherosclerotic lipid profile. This study investigated the relationship between AIP and obesity indices, blood glucose, lipid profile, and nutrient intake status in Korean adult men. The study included 1292 males aged ≥19 years old who participated in the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2013–2014. Participants were divided into four groups according to AIP quartiles, calculated as log (triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C)). Body mass index, waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, total cholesterol, TG, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased as AIP levels increased, whereas HDL-C level declined. As the level of AIP increased, intake of saturated fatty acid, calcium, phosphorus, riboflavin, milk, and dairy product decreased significantly, and the contribution rate of milk and dairy products to fat intake decreased. AIP was linked to obesity indices, blood glucose, and blood lipid profile in Korean men, suggesting that it could predict CAD. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Cardioprotective effect of low level of ldl cholesterol on perioperative myocardial injury in off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting; Background and Objectives: Coronary artery disease is still a major cause of death in developed countries. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering with statin therapy is a key strategy in major acute coronary events’ prevention. The aim of the study was to establish if there is a cardioprotective effect of pre-operative LDL lowering therapy on perioperative myocaridal injury in patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Moreover, the impact of pre-operative LDL level on long term outcome was analysed. Materials and Methods: The retrospective single center analysis included 662 consecutive patients (431 (65%) males and 231 (35%) female, mean age of 65 ± 8) referred for cardiac surgery due to stable chronic coronary syndrome between 2012–2018. The follow up was 9 years. Results: A statistically significant difference was found in postoperative serum Troponin-I for LDL thresholds of 1.8 mmol/L (p = 0.009), 2.6 mmol/L (p = 0.03) and 3.0 mmol/L (p = 0.001). The results indicate that cardioprotective role of LDL is achieved within LDL concentration rate below 1.8 mmol/L (<70 mg/dL). Five patients died perioperatively, whereas 1-year and 9-year overall mortality rates were 4% (n = 28) and 18.6% (n = 123), respectively. Comparing the survival group with diseased, Mann-Whitney U test showed a statistically significant difference in HDL-C (p = 0.007), Troponin (p = 0.009), Castelli index (p = 0.001) and atherogenic index (p = 0.004). Preoperative levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C and HDL-C did not significantly differ between survivors and diseased. The 9-year mortality risk did not differ significantly between sub-groups divided according to LDL-C thresholds of 1.4 mmol/L (55 mg/dL), 1.8 mmol/L (70 mg/dL), 2.6 mmol/L (100 mg/dL) and 3.0 mmol/L (116 mg/dL). Conclusions: Preoperative low level of LDL-C cholesterol (below 1.83 mmol/L, 70 mg/dL) has a cardioprotective effect on perioperative myocardial injury in off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The atherogenic index of plasma and its impact on recanalization of chronic total occlusion; Background: The plasma-derived atherogenic index (AIP) is associated with an increasing risk for cardiovascular diseases. Whether an increased AIP may predict the complexity of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) of chronic total occlusion (CTO), according to available research, has never been investigated before. Methods: Three hundred seventeen patients were included prospectively and treated with PCI for at least one CTO between 2012 and 2017. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG) plasma levels were measured 24 h before PCI. All patients were stratified into tertiles of AIP (defined as 0.11, 0.11–0.21, > 0.21) based on their TG/HDL-C (AIP) levels. Results: Mean AIP of all patients undergoing CTO-PCI was 0.53 ± 0.29. The majority of patients were male (82.6%), and mean age was 61 ± 10.4 years. Increased AIP > 0.21 was associated with longer occlusion length (statistical trend p = 0.082) and stent routes (p = 0.022) and with a higher number of implanted stents (n > 4) (statistical trend p = 0.072). Success rates were similar in all AIP categories (p = 0.461). In-hospital PCI-related complications were rare and not statistically different (p = 0.852). Conclusions: This study demonstrates for the first time that an increased AIP may predict the complexity of CTO-PCI and additionally may help to improve planning and quality of CTO-PCI. (Cardiol J 2020; 27, 6: 756–761). © 2020 Via Medica.
AIP Conference Proceedings; The proceedings contain 141 papers. The topics discussed include: early results of carotid endarterectomy and coronary artery bypass grafting as a simultaneous surgery for patients with combined hemodynamic significant stenoses of the coronary and carotid arteries; the effect of combined thermal exposure on the distribution of properties in a 45 steel permanent joint; numerical simulation of high-velocity interaction between a metal grid and a projectile; the impact of hydrological processes and the state of the hatassy-pavlovsk underwater crossing of the tgpl across the lena river; studying the causes for the destruction of shutoff equipment in water supply systems on upper floors of high-rise apartment buildings; interactive software for calculating energy and force parameters of metal extrusion; and describing the properties of textured polycrystals in terms of their own elastic states.
Effect of calculated plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma on carotid artery blood flow velocities; Objectives: The increase in carotid artery blood flow velocity is a measure of the severity of the carotid artery stenosis caused by atherosclerosis. Carotid artery stenosis is progressive and is of great importance due to the risk of stroke it creates. As an alternative to radiological examinations in these patients, patient follow-up can be facilitated by associating novel laboratory parameters with the severity of stenosis. In this study, we aimed to investigate the effect of the calculated plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma on carotid artery blood flow velocities in patients with carotid artery stenosis. Methods: A total of 161 patients diagnosed with carotid artery stenosis who admitted to our clinic between May 2018 and May 2020 were retrospectively analyzed. According to the carotid artery blood flow velocities measured with the Doppler ultrasonography, the patients were divided into two groups as “Normal flow velocity group” (n = 62) and “Increased flow velocity group” (n = 99). Results: The calculated plasma osmolality, atherogenic index of plasma, and mean platelet volume were significantly associated with increased carotid artery blood flow velocity (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.006; respectively). Calculated plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma were identified as independent predictors of increase in carotid artery blood flow velocity (p < 0.001, p < 0.001; respectively). In the Receiver Operating Characteristic curve analysis, the plasma osmolality cut-off value, which predicts the increase in carotid artery blood flow velocity was found to be 291.45 mOsm/kg (Area Under the Curve: 0.746, p < 0.001, 65.7% sensitivity, and 67.7% specificity), and atherogenic index of plasma cut-off value was 0.20 (Area Under the Curve: 0.735, p < 0.001, 65.7% sensitivity, and 66.1% specificity). Conclusion: There was a significant relationship between the increase in carotid artery blood flow velocity and the increase in plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma values. As a result, we can predict the increase in carotid artery blood flow velocity, that is, the increase in the severity of the carotid artery stenosis, with plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma values that can be calculated simply from routine biochemical tests. © The Author(s) 2020.
The Atherogenic Index of Plasma: A Powerful and Reliable Predictor for Coronary Artery Disease in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes; We evaluated the predictive power of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A total of 3278 patients who underwent coronary angiography were consecutively enrolled, including 2052 patients with CAD and 1226 patients with T2DM but without CAD. Patients in the CAD group had higher levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, AIP and a lower level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). In correlation analyses, AIP correlated positively with body mass index, log (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), TG, remnant lipoprotein cholesterol, non–HDL-C, but negatively with age and HDL-C. Multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in diabetic patients and was validated by multiple models. Furthermore, the ORs for CAD risk were raised with increasing AIP quartiles; ORs of AIP quartiles Q2–Q4 compared with Q1 were 1.56, 1.70, and 2.22, respectively (Ps <.001), which suggested AIP was the lipid parameter that most strongly associated with incident CAD. In conclusion, AIP is a powerful and reliable biomarker for predicting CAD risk beyond individual lipid profiles in patients with T2DM. © The Author(s) 2021.
Evaluation of plasma atherogenic index in patients with coronary slow flow phenomenon; Purpose: Coronary slow flow phenomenon (CSFP) is considered a precursor of coronary artery disease (CAD) and associated with diffuse atherosclerosis, although its pathophysiology is still unclear. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is associated with high cardiovascular risk. In this study, it is aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and CSFP. Material and method: Hospital records and coronary angiography (CAG) images of 214 patients with normal coronary arteries (NCA) and CSFP patients who underwent CAG between January 2019 and November 2021 have been retrospectively reviewed. Results: The patients were divided into two groups, CSFP (n=107) and NCA (n=107). The mean age was 59.3 years and 50.9% were male. Other demographic characteristics were similar between the two groups, except for gender distribution, age, frequency of HT, and smoking history. There was no difference in laboratory findings except glomerular filtration rate (GFR), serum creatinine level, LDL-C, HDL-C, non-HDL-C, and triglyceride levels. The AIP value was found high and statistically significant in patients with CSFP (p<0.001). In the backward logistic regression analysis, age, smoking, GFR, and AIP were determined as independent predictors for CSFP. In ROC curve analysis, the cut-off value of AIP was found 0.068 in predicting CSFP [sensitivity 72%, specificity 42%, area under the curve (AUC)=0.630; p=0.045]. Conclusion: AIP, a rapid, inexpensive, and applicable index in daily clinical practice for the evaluation of atherogenic dyslipidemia, was found an independent predictor together with the traditional risk factors of age, smoking, LDL-C level, and GFR in patients with CSFP. © 2022, Pamukkale University. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma Is an Independent Risk Factor for Coronary Artery Disease and a Higher SYNTAX Score; We aimed to identify the best diagnostic cutoff value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for coronary artery disease (CAD) and its correlation with the SYNTAX score (SS). From January 2016 to December 2019, 2253 patients with CAD and 1347 non-CAD patients with complete data were included in the study. Coronary angiography was performed using the Judkins technique, and the SS was calculated using network software. There were differences in age, body mass index, total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and AIP between groups (all P <.01). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD and a high SS (SS ≥ 23) with adjusted odds ratios of 2.248 (95% CI: 1.666-3.032, P <.01) and 1.623 (95% CI: 1.118-2.358, P <.01) per standard deviation increase. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the best diagnostic cutoff value of AIP for the prediction of CAD and SS ≥ 23 was 2.035 and 2.23, the specificity was 61.8% and 65.7%, the sensitivity was 76.4% and 54.9%, the Youden index was 0.382 and 0.206, and the area under the curve was 0.733 (95% CI: 0.717-0.750, P <.01) and 0.653 (95% CI: 0.630-0.676, P <.01). Atherogenic index of plasma, as a biomarker, may assist in the prevention of CAD in the Chinese population. © The Author(s) 2020.
Correlation of myeloperoxidase activity with malondealdehyde levels in Iraqi patients with coronary artery diseases; Background and Objective: Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) is one of the largest cause of mortality worldwide. The majority of CAD is caused by atherosclerosis, which is the main pathophysiological process underlying of CAD. The purpose of the current study was to investigate the role of myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity in coronary artery disease besides to its relationship with malondealdehyde levels, Athrogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) value and its association with the risk of future evolution of CAD in sera of Iraqi patients. Methods: Two main groups were included in this study; 60 patients (35male&25female) with coronary artery disease, and 40 (23male& 17female) apparently healthy controls comparable for age were enrolled in the current study. The blood samples were obtained for measurements of MPO activity, lipid profile, MDA levels and AIP value; for all participants. Results: The obtained results showed that there was a significant increases in serum MPO activity and MDA levels in coronary artery disease (46.35 ± 5.13 U/L) and (6.44 ± 1.32 nmol/ml) as compared with the control (29.12 ± 4.88 U/L) and (2.75 ± 0.43 nmol/ml), respectively. Meanwhile a highly significant increase in AIP value in CAD patients group in comparison to control group (0.36 ± 0.08, 0.076 ± 0.04), respectively. The activity of MPO was significantly correlated with MDA levels (r=0.751, p=0.000) and AIP value (r=0.762, p=0.000). Conclusion: According to the obtained results, MPO activity, levels of MDA and AIP value were elevated in patients with CAD. It can be concluded that higher MPO activity and its correlation with high MDA levels and AIP value may be associated with complications of CAD in the Iraqi patients. © 2009-2020, JGPT. All Rights Reserved
The value of atherogenic index of plasma in predicting premature coronary artery disease; Objective: To compare the predictive value of lipid indexes for premature coronary artery disease (PCHD), and to evaluate the feasibility of AIP in predicting PCHD. Method: A total of 240 patients with suspected coronary artery disease(CHD) due to chest pain with male<55 years old or female<65 years old were enrolled in the study. All patients received coronary angiography(CAG), 160 cases of them were confirmed PCHD and the remaining 80 cases were as normal control group. The lipid levels were measured. Result: The levels of AIP in the PCHD group were significantly higher than those in the control group(P<0. 05). Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that TG, TC, HDL-C, LDL-C and A1P were independent predictors of PCHD. AIP was associated with PCHD(OR = 27. 222, 95%CI: 5. 899 - 125. 625, P<0. 001). Area under the ROC curve for AIP in e-valuating prognosis of PCHD were 0. 766(95%CI: 0. 704 - 0. 829, P<0. 001). The optimal cut-off value of AIP to diagnose PCHD was 0. 20 with a sensitivity of 68% and specificity of 80%. Conclusion: AIP is an independent risk factor for PCHD, and it can be used to predict for PCHD. © 2020 Journal Press of Union Hospital. All rights reserved.
Novel approaches to anti-atherosclerotic therapy: Cell-based models and herbal preparations (review of our own data); Atherosclerosis is a chronic arterial disease characterized by vascular inflammation, accumulation of lipids in the arterial wall, and formation and growth of atherosclerotic plaques followed by ischemia. In subclinical atherosclerosis, cholesterol retention in subendothelial cells leads to induction of local inflammation, generation of foam cells and lesion formation, followed by a chain of other pathogenic events. Atherosclerotic progression can frequently be fatal, since plaque rupture may lead to thrombosis and acute events, such as myocardial infarction, stroke and sudden death. Traditional anti-atherosclerotic therapy is mainly focused on improving the blood lipid profile and does not target various stages of plaque progression. Obviously, treating the disease at initial stages is better than beginning treatment at advanced stages and, in that regard, current atherosclerosis management can be improved. Cholesterol retention is an important component of atherogenesis that precedes plaque formation. Therapeutic targeting of cholesterol retention may be beneficial for preventing further atherogenic progression. For this purpose, we suggest using herbal preparations due to good tolerability and suitability for long-lasting treatment. We developed test systems based on cultured human intimal aortic cells for rapid screening of potential anti-atherogenic drugs. With the help of these test systems, we selected several natural substances with significant anti-atherogenic activity and further use these compounds to prepare herbal preparations for anti-atherosclerotic therapy. These preparations were clinically tested and showed good safety and a potent anti-atherogenic potential. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Intensification of lipid-lowering therapy in very high-risk patients: potential of combination with PCSK9 inhibitors; Aim. To assess the efficacy and safety of 6-month combined lipid-lowering therapy with a PCSK9 inhibitor in patients with very high cardiovascular risk (CVR). Material and methods. This prospective, open-label, single-center exploratory research study with active treatment included 5 outpatients with very high CVR. So, 80% of patients had prior coronary artery disease, 20% − peripheral arterial disease, and 60% − old myocardial infarction. The key inclusion criterion was the failure to achieve the target low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) <1,4 mmol/l with high-intensity statin monotherapy at the maximal tolerated doses or combination therapy with ezetimibe. On a regular basis, all included patients took atorvastatin 40-80 mg/day or rosuvastatin 20-40 mg/day, or pitavastatin 2-4 mg/day. In addition, 2 patients received a statin in combination with ezetimibe 10 mg/day. Patients were followed up for 6 months as follows: every 2 weeks, with a lipid profile monitoring, subcutaneous injections of alirocumab at a dose of 150 mg/ml were performed. Additionally, clinical and laboratory indicators of the safety of therapy were evaluated. Results. After 6 months, with the combined lipid-lowering therapy with alirocumab, a decrease in median LDL-C from 4,3 (4,11-4,67) to 1,27 (1,06-1,47) (p=0,001) mmol/l, total cholesterol from 6,1 (6-7) to 3,7 (3,5-3,9) (p=0,018) mmol/l, atherogenic index from 3,2 (3-3,26) to 0,8% (0,8-1,5) (p=0,001). There was no significant decrease in median triglycerides and an increase in median high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Six-month lipid-lowering therapy with a PCSK9 inhibitor had no adverse events and made it possible to achieve a maximum decrease in LDL-C by an average of 75,4% already by 4 months of treatment in actual clinical practice. Conclusion. Six-month combined lipid-lowering therapy with alirocumab 150 mg subcutaneously every 2 weeks in very high-risk patients allows the majority of patients to achieve target LDL-C values. © 2022, Silicea-Poligraf. All rights reserved.
Orexin a hormone and its relation to coronary heart diseases; The research included determination of the level of orexin-A hormone in coronary heart patients and compared to the control group. The results showed that the normal mean level of Orexin A hormone in serum was (344. 47± 6.51pg/mol) in control group for both sexes with ages range between (20-more of 50) year and there was a significant decrease in level of Orexin A in coronary heart patients compared to control group. Also, it has been found that Orexin A level was not affected by age and sex, while there was a significant decrease in hormone level according to body mass index (BMI), also a significant decrease in hormone level in smoking patients compared to non-smoking has been found. The results showed a significantly increase of activity enzymes Peroxidase, Lactate dehydrogenase, Creatine Kinase and concentration of Cyststin-C, Copper, total cholesterol, triglyceride, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol and very low density lipoprotein-cholesterol also the results showed a significantly decreasing of Arylestase activity and concentration of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol in patients compared to control group. Correlation coefficients of Orexin A hormone with some clinical parameters were examined in control and patients. The results showed that Orexin A has a significant negative correlation with concentration of total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-C, VLDL-C, cystatin-c, copper and peroxidase activity in control and patients group, and with Iron in control group. Also, there was a significant positive correlation with concentration of HDL-C and Arylesterase activity in control and patients group. It was concluded that low level of Orexin A hormone is a risk of coronary heart disease and Orxine A has a critical role in coronary heart disease. Moreover, the level of the hormone could be used as a marker for coronary heart disease and its role of obesity. © RJPT All right reserved.
Comparison of Framingham risk score and atherogenic indices as a predictor of atherosclerosis in patients with myocardial bridge in left anterior descending artery; Background: Myocardial bridge (MB) is generally considered as a benign condition, but it may trigger atherosclerosis, especially in the adjacent proximal coronary artery segment. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether the Framingham risk score (FRS) or atherogenic indices are risk factors for coronary atherosclerosis in patients with MB in the left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD). Methods: We performed a retrospective study evaluating 155 patients who have MB in LAD. The patients were evaluated in two groups according to the presence of atherosclerosis (74 patients in atherosclerotic group vs. 81 patients in non-atherosclerotic group). Baseline characteristics, FRS and atherogenic indices were reviewed between groups. Significant independent risk factors for coronary atherosclerosis were investigated by logistic regression analysis. Results: Patients in atherosclerotic group were significantly older (58.15 ± 10.04 vs. 50.22 ± 9.27 years, p <.001) and 74.3% of the patients were male. While the mean FRS in the atherosclerotic group was 21.20 ± 8.81, it was 12.79 ± 8.61 in the non-atherosclerotic group (p <.001). Among the atherogenic indices, only LDL-c/HDL-c ratio was significantly higher in the atherosclerotic group (3.49 ± 1.2 vs. 3.11 ± 0.98, p:.033). Multivariable analysis showed that age (OR: 1.08, 95% CI 1.03–1.13, p <.001) and FRS (OR: 1.06, 95% CI 1.01–1.11, p:.012) were independently associated with the presence of atherosclerotic lesion. Conclusions: FRS is an easily applicable predictor in clinical practice that indicates the presence of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with MB in LAD. © 2021 Belgian Society of Cardiology.
Plasma atherogenic indices are independent predictors of slow coronary flow; Background: Although the pathophysiology of coronary slow flow (CSF) has not been fully elucidated, emerging data increasingly support potential role for subclinical diffuse atherosclerosis in the etiology of CSF. We aimed to investigate relationship between atherogenic indices and CSF. Methods: 130 patients with CSF diagnosed according to Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI)-frame count (TFC) method and 130 controls who had normal coronary flow (NCF) were included in this retrospective study. Atherogenic indices (atherogenic index of plasma [AIP], Castelli risk indices I and II [CRI-I and II]) were calculated using conventional lipid parameters. Results: The logistic regression analyses demonstrated that AIP (OR, 5.463; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.357–21.991; p = 0.017) and CRI-II (OR, 1.624; 95% CI, 1.138–2.319; p = 0.008) were independent predictors of CSF. Receiver operating characteristic analysis showed that the optimal cutoff value to predict the occurrence of CSF was 0.66 for AIP (sensitivity, 59%; specificity, 73%; area under curve [AUC], 0.695; p < 0.001) and 3.27 for CRI-II (sensitivity, 60%; specificity, 79%; AUC, 0.726; p < 0.001). Conclusions: AIP and CRI-II levels were independent predictors of CSF. Prospective studies in larger cohorts of patients may elucidate the role of atherogenic dyslipidemia in the pathophysiology of CSF. © 2021, The Author(s).
Cow’s Milk Intake and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease in Korean Postmenopausal Women; Numerous studies have reported conflicting results associated with cow’s milk intake and coronary heart disease (CHD). However, studies involving postmenopausal women are very limited. This study was therefore undertaken to identify the relationship between cow’s milk intake and CHD risk in postmenopausal women, using data from the 6th period of the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2013–2015). A total of 1825 postmenopausal women, aged 50–64 years old, were included in the final analysis. The frequency of cow’s milk consumption for each subject was determined using the semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, and was classified into four groups (Q1–Q4): Q1, group that did not drink milk (no milk, n = 666); Q2, 0 < frequency of milk intake per week ≤ 1 (n = 453); Q3, 1 < frequency of milk intake per week ≤ 3 (n = 319); and Q4, frequency of milk intake >3 times per week (n = 387). General characteristics, such as education, living area, household income, and obesity level, were compared between the four groups. Percentages of daily nutrient intake compared to the dietary reference intake for Koreans (KDRIs) were determined, and the Framingham Risk Score (FRS), atherogenic index (AI), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were determined as the CHD risk indicators. Except household income, no significant difference was obtained among the four groups with respect to age, education, living area, or obesity. Compared to KDRIs, the intake ratio of calcium, phosphorus, and riboflavin were significantly higher in the Q4 group than in the Q1–Q3 groups. Blood HDL-cholesterol was significantly higher in Q4 than in Q1. The CHD risk factors FRS (%), AI, and AIP were significantly lower in the Q4 group as compared to the other groups (CHD risk (%): Q1 9.4, Q4 8.5; AI: Q1 3.06, Q4 2.83; API: Q1 0.37, Q2 0.31, Q4 0.32). FRS was determined to be significantly and positively correlated to AI or AIP, and negatively correlated with the cow’s milk intake frequency and calcium intake. In conclusion, compared to women who do not consume cow’s milk, postmenopausal women who consume cow’s milk frequently have a better nutritional status of calcium, phosphorus, and vitamin B12, higher HDL levels, and a lower level of CHD risk indicators, such as FRS, AI, and AIP, contributing to decreased CHD risk in a 10-year period. Therefore, to prevent the risk of CHD in postmenopausal women, there needs to be a greater emphasis for cow’s milk consumption four or more times per week. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Blood group B and decreased risk of coronary artery disease in hypertensive elderly; Although ABO blood groups have been associated with cardiovascular disease, little is known about whether ABO blood groups contribute to the risk of the presence and severity of coronary artery disease (CAD) in elderly individuals with hypertension. This study was aimed to explore this as-sociation. A total of 793 hypertensive patients aged ≥60 years out of 2095 patients who underwent primary coronary angiography were retrospectively included. They were divided into CAD and non-CAD groups. Demographic and clinical characteristics, ABO blood groups and other biochemical parameters were compared. Further evaluation was performed to determine the impact of ABO blood groups on CAD severity using the Gensini score and the number of significantly diseased vessels. A logistic regression model was constructed to identify the association of ABO blood groups with CAD. There was a substantial difference in the distribution of ABO blood groups in elderly and hypertensive adults with and without CAD (p=0.022). Hypertensive patients with CAD had a significantly lower proportion of the blood group B than those without CAD (p=0.008). Compared to those with non-Blood group B, hypertensive elderly with a blood group B tended to have significantly lower concentrations of TC, LDL-C and Apo B, and a lower number of significantly stenosed vessels. The blood group B was found to be an independent protective factor for CAD in elderly with hypertension. The blood group B is significantly associated with a decreased risk of CAD and is inversely correlated with the severity of coronary stenosis in the elderly with hypertension. © 2022, Instituto de Investigaciones Clinicas. All rights reserved.
Could the systemic immune-inflammation index be a predictor to estimate cerebrovascular events in hypertensive patients?; Background and objectives Hypertension is one of the most important risk factors for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. Inflammatory processes occupy an important place in the pathogenesis of hypertension. Many studies have studied inflammatory markers responsible for the onset of hypertension and organ damage. In this study, we investigated whether the systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) (platelet×neutrophil/lymphocyte), - one of the new inflammatory markers - can be used to predict cerebrovascular events in hypertensive patients. Methods Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring results between January 2019 and June 2020 of approximately 379 patients followed up with hypertension were retrospectively analyzed. These patients were divided into two groups as with or without a previous cerebrovascular event in the analyzed database. In all patients, complete blood count and biochemistry test results just before the cerebrovascular event were found from the database. SII, atherogenic index, neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio were calculated from the complete blood count. Forty-nine patients with stroke (group 1: 12.9%; mean age: 64.3±14.6) and 330 patients without stroke (group 2: 87.1%; mean age: 50.8±14.4). Results Ambulatory blood pressure measurements were lower in group 1. Lipid parameters were also lower in this group. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that SII had a sensitivity of 85.7% and specificity of 84.8 % for stroke in individuals who participated in the study when the cutoff value of SII was 633.26×103 (P=0.0001) area under curve (95%); 0.898 (0.856-0.941). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, age and SII were significantly associated with a higher risk of stroke. Age, (hazard ratio:1.067; 95% CI, 1.021-1.115), SII (hazard ratio:1.009; 95% CI, 1.000-1.009), respectively. Conclusions In conclusion, SII is a simple, useful new inflammatory parameter for predicting stroke from hypertension. We found that the high SII levels increase the risk of stroke in hypertensive patients. Copyright © 2021 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
High atherogenic risk concomitant with elevated HbA1c among persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus in North Ethiopia; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic disease associated with worse clinical presentation. However, the current investigation practices in Ethiopia have limitations to demonstrate the scope of the clinical burden. Hence, this study was aimed at assessing the glycemic status and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk of persons with T2DM using HbA1c and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Method This institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 421 adults with T2DM from September to November 2019. Demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle data were collected through a face-to-face interview. Clinical information was retrieved from medical records whereas anthropometric and biochemical measurements were performed using the WHO protocols. Glycemic status was determined using HbA1c and CHD risk assessed using an atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Gaussian variables were expressed using mean and standard deviation (SD), Log-normal variables using geometric mean and 95% CI and non- Gaussian variables using median and interquartile ranges. Categorical variables were summarized using absolute frequencies and percentages. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify factors associated with glycemic control with a statistical significance set at 5%. Result A total of 195 male and 226 female subjects were involved in this study. The results demonstrated that 77% (324) had HbA1c value ≥7% and 87.2% (367) had high atherogenic risk for CHD. Besides, 57% and 67.9% of persons with T2DM had metabolic syndrome according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and the National Cholesterol Education Program -Adult treatment panel III (NCEP-ATP III) criteria, respectively. About 36.8% had one or more comorbidities. Having healthy eating behavior [AOR 1.95; CI 1.11-3.43] and taking metformin [AOR 4.88; CI 1.91-12.44] were associated with better glycemic outcomes. Conclusion High AIP level concomitant with poor glycemic control indicates increased risk for coronary heart disease among persons with T2DM in Northern Ethiopia.  © 2022 Gebreyesus et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Gender-specific associations between atherogenic index of plasma and the presence and severity of acute coronary syndrome in very young adults: A hospital-based observational study;                              Objective: The value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) as a predictive biomarker for coronary artery disease (CAD) remains controversial. In addition, whether AIP is associated with the risk of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in very young adults has not been well established. Methods: We consecutively collected very young adults (≤35 years of age) undergoing coronary angiography (CAG) at Anzhen Hospital, between January 2008 and December 2017. Total of 1, 478 very young participants, including 1, 059 ACS patients and 419 non-CAD subjects, were enrolled in the present study. Results: Very young patients with ACS had higher AIP level compared with non-CAD participants (0.35 ± 0.30 vs 0.21 ± 0.33, P < 0.001). According to Gensini Score (GS) and number of lesion vessel, patients were divided into four groups, respectively. With the elevated GS score and number of lesion vessels, the AIP level increased gradually (P                              for trend                              all< 0.05). Multivariate logistic regression analyses suggested that AIP remained to be independently associated with the presence of ACS and was superior to traditional lipid profiles (for AIP, OR = 2.930, 95% CI = 1.855-4.627, P < 0.001; for total cholesterol, OR = 1.152, 95% CI = 1.048-1.266, P = 0.003; for triglyceride, OR = 1.078, 95% CI = 0.991-1.172, P = 0.079; for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, OR = 1.046, 95% CI = 1.015-1.078, P < 0.001), after adjustment for other traditional confounders. Moreover, the prevalence of ACS, acute myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris and the value of GS were also elevated as AIP quartiles increased (P                              for trend                              < 0.001). Subgroup analysis based on gender revealed that AIP was only independently associated with the ACS risk in male. Conclusions: AIP was independently associated with the presence and severity of ACS in very young patients in a gender-dependent manner, which might be superior to traditional lipid profiles.                          © 2019 The Author(s).
Prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention; Background: The association of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), an emerging lipid index that can predict the risk for cardiovascular disease, with adverse outcomes in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has not been determined. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate whether the AIP could independently predict adverse cardiovascular events in T2DM patients with ACS undergoing PCI. Methods: This study was a retrospective analysis of a single-centre prospective registry involving 826 consecutive T2DM patients who underwent primary or elective PCI for ACS from June 2016 to November 2017. This study ultimately included 798 patients (age, 61 ± 10 years; male, 72.7%). The AIP was calculated as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the plasma concentration of triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C). All the patients were divided into 4 groups based on the AIP quartiles. The primary endpoint was a composite of death from any cause, non-fatal spontaneous myocardial infarction (MI), non-fatal ischaemic stroke, and unplanned repeat revascularization. The key secondary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, and non-fatal ischaemic stroke. Results: During a median follow-up period of 927 days, 198 patients developed at least one event. An unadjusted Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that the incidence of the primary endpoint increased gradually with rising AIP quartiles (log-rank test, P = 0.001). A multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis revealed that compared with the lowest AIP quartile, the top AIP quartile was associated with significantly increased risk for the primary and key secondary endpoints (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.249, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.438 to 3.517, P < 0.001; and HR: 2.571, 95% CI: 1.027 to 6.440, P = 0.044, respectively). Conclusions: A higher AIP value on admission was independently and strongly associated with adverse cardiovascular events in T2DM patients with ACS undergoing PCI. © 2020, The Author(s).
The sensibility of the new blood lipid indicator-atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in menopausal women with coronary artery disease; Background: Dyslipidemia is a key driver of coronary artery disease (CAD) development. This study aimed to determine whether the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a novel comprehensive lipid index, is an independent and reliable predictor of CAD risk in postmenopausal women. Methods: A cohort of consecutive 4644 postmenopausal women (aged 50 or above) undergoing coronary angiography (CAG) in Anzhen Hospital (Beijing, China) from January-December 2014 was included in the analysis. Of them, 3039 women were CAD patients, and 1605 were non-CAD subjects. Results: Relative to control subjects, TG levels in CAD patients were higher and HDL-C levels were lower. In CAD patients, non-Traditional lipid profile values (TC/HDL-C, AI, and AIP) were significantly elevated relative to controls. AIP was positively correlated with TC (r = 0.157), TG (r = 0.835), LDL-C (r = 0.058), non-HDL-C (r = 0.337), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.683), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.437), LCI (r = 0.662), and AI (r = 0.684), and negatively correlated with HDL-C (r =-0.682) (all P < 0.001), but was independent of age (r =-0.022; P = 0.130) and BMI (r = 0.020, P = 0.168). Aunivariate logistic regression analysis revealed AIP to be the measured lipid parameter most closely related to CAD, and its unadjusted odds ratio was 1.824 (95% CI: 1.467-2.267, P < 0.001). After adjusting for several CAD risk factors (age, BMI, smoking, drinking, EH, DM, hyperlipidemia, and family history of CVD, AIP was still found to represent a significant CAD risk factor (OR 1.553, 95% CI: 1.234-1.955, P < 0. 001). Conclusion: AIP may be a powerful independent predictor of CAD risk in Chinese Han postmenopausal women, and may be superior to the traditional lipid indices. © 2020 The Author(s).
Predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma for chronic total occlusion before coronary angiography; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is calculated by logarithmic transformation of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations. Although previous studies have demonstrated that the AIP is associated with coronary artery disease, its association with chronic total occlusion (CTO) requires elucidation. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that the AIP would have diagnostic value in cases of CTO and could be used to predict adverse events. Methods: This study involved 1131 inpatients who underwent coronary angiography. Data on demographic and clinical characteristics, coronary artery stenosis rated by the Gensini score, and clinical assessment by the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events and thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) scores were collected by cardiovascular doctors. Serum AIP values were evaluated by logarithmic transformation of the ratio of TG and HDL-C concentrations. The correlations of AIP values with clinical parameters were assessed, and receiver-operating characteristic curves were constructed for CTO diagnosis. Results: Overall, 1131 inpatients were assigned to the CTO (n = 398) and control (n = 733) groups. Compared with the control group, the CTO group showed a significantly higher AIP (p <.05). The AIP was positively correlated with body mass index, the TIMI score, the Gensini score, and stent length and was effective for the diagnosis and risk assessment of patients with CTO. Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that the AIP was an independent risk factor for CTO. The findings suggest that the AIP could predict the presence of CTO and disease severity. © 2021 The Authors. Clinical Cardiology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention; Because the phenomenon of no reflow has a poor prognosis in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been shown to be a strong predictor of coronary heart disease, we aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and no-reflow in patients with acute STEMI who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). A total of 763 consecutive STEMI patients (648 men; mean age 58 ± 12 years) who underwent primary PCI were recruited for this study. The patients were classified into a reflow group (n = 537) and a no-reflow group (n = 226) according to the postprocedural angiographic features of thrombolysis in the myocardial infarction flow of the infarct-related artery. The AIP value was significantly higher in the no-reflow group than in the reflow group [0.50 (0.38–0.65) vs. 0.39 (0.25–0.49) p <.001], and AIP was found to be an independent predictor of no-reflow development. The best cut-off value of AIP for predicting no-reflow was 0.54, with sensitivity of 46.02 and specificity of 84,73. In addition, the predictive power of AIP was greater than that of triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol based on a receiver operator curve comparison. The AIP was independently associated with no-reflow in patients with STEMI after primary PCI. This might be a superior indicator compared to traditional lipid profiles. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
Comparative benefits of statins in coronary heart disease; Hyperlipidemia is one of the main risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD), thus the treatment of the lipid metabolism disorders is the main measure to prevent the development and progression of this disease. The purpose of the research is a comparative study of atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, and simvastatin's hypolipidemic effect by determining the content of a lipoprotein fraction in the dynamics of statin therapy, as well as to study their negative effect on glucose metabolism. For the study, 150 people aged (57.86 ± 4.59) years were examined for CHD (stable angina pectoris II functional class). All patients received basic CHD therapy: one 5-mg tablet of bisoprolol a day, one 75-mg tablet of aspirin a day, and short-acting nitrates for angina attacks. The patients had also been receiving statin therapy, depending on which the patients were divided into three groups (in each of 50 people): group 1 - one 20-mg tablet of simvastatin a day; group 2 - one 20-mg tablet of atorvastatin a day; group 3 - one 10-mg tablet of rosuvastatin a day. The patients taking simvastatin were observed with a significant decrease of cholesterol at the end of the 12-week treatment, by 24.7% (p < 0.05) compering to the atorvastatin group by 34.75% (p < 0.05) and rosuvastatin - by 36.96% (p < 0.05); triglycerides - by 16.2% (p < 0.05), 20.1% (p < 0.05), and 22.7% (p < 0.05), respectively; low density lipoproteins - by 24.5% (p < 0.05), 35% (p < 0.05), and 38.7% (p < 0.05) while the increase of high density lipoproteins was noted - by 20.4% (p < 0.05), 28.2% (p < 0.05), and 39.5% (p < 0.05), respectively, and AIP significantly decreased by 34% (p < 0.05), 41.8% (p < 0.05), and 64.1% (p < 0.05). Statin therapy with atorvastatin and rosuvastatin is more effective compared with simvastatin according to lipid profile, and rosuvastatin is more effective than atorvastatin based on the increase of high-density lipoproteins. © 2021 Journal of Pharmaceutical Negative Results
Exercise treadmill test in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2; There is a concern regarding the high incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) among patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) type 2 since it is a leading cause of mortality in those patients. Exercise treadmill test (ETT) is proposed as a suitable, non-invasive method for identifying asymptom-atic patients with ischemic changes, who would benefit from pharmacological treatment, thus contributing to a reduction of adverse cardiovascular events. Therefore the objective of our study was to evaluate myocardial ischemia in asymp-tomatic patients with DM type 2 by performing ETT. The present investigation was conducted in Health Center Pozega during the year 2018. 40 insulin-dependent, aged 33.05 ± 2.01 years, with DM type 2 were included in the study. They had nor history nor symptoms of cardiac disease. All patients underwent ETT according to Bruce protocol, while 12-lead ECG was recorded and blood pressure was monitored. All patients had negative ETT results. Also no ST segment depression, no signs of insufficiency of peripheral circulation, no changes in heart rhythm, no symptoms by the central ner-vous system were observed. Additionally response of heart rate and blood pressure to exercise was within physiological range. These promising findings indicate that diabetes didn’t alter myocardial integrity and function, thus suggesting that coronary reserve in examined patients was preserved. © 2020, University of Kragujevac, Faculty of Science. All rights reserved.
Prognostic signifi cance of atherogenic index of plasma, atherogenic coeffi cient and lipoprotein combined index among elderly patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction in 1-year follow-up; OBJECTIVES: Coronary artery disease (CAD) remains a leading cause of death in elderly patients. Recently, novel lipoproteins-Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), Atherogenic Coeffi cient (AC) and Lipoprotein Combine Index (LCI) have been suggested as CAD risk factors; their clinical usefulness, however, remains unknown. The aim of the study was to assess the predictive value of AIP, AC and LCI concerning incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and all-cause mortality in 1-year follow-up. METHODS: For the study, 1,083 patients, aged 60 or older, with NSTEMI were enrolled and divided into two groups: young-old and old-old. RESULTS: MACE occurred in 11.8 % of the patients; LCI showed a borderline signifi cance, but only in univariate analysis. Analysis in groups revealed ambiguous results. None of the examined indices was a predictor of MACE in the young-old group whereas all three of them were signifi cant, but negative predictors in the old-old group. Finally, all-cause mortality at follow-up was 14.9 %. AC predicted 1-year mortality in the whole study population (OR = 1.1 (95% CI: 1–1.2; p = 0.02), but was insignifi cant in the multivariable model. Additionally, it was an independent predictor in the old-old group, but with borderline signifi cance (OR = 1.14 (95% CI: 1–1.3, p = 0.036). CONCLUSIONS: AIP, AC and LCI should not be used as predictors of MACE and 1-year mortality among elderly patients with NSTEMI (Tab. 5, Ref. 23). Text in PDF www.elis.sk © 2022,Bratislava Medical Journal. All Rights Reserved.
Relationship of HbA1c with plasma atherogenic index and non-HDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Purpose: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The plasma atherogenic index (PAI) has been suggested as a novel marker of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease. The present study is conducted to investigate the relationship between glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), non-HDL (high-density lipoprotein) cholesterol, and atherogenic index within patients with T2DM. Materials and methods: A total of 4252 patients with T2DM were screened retrospectively and parameters including glucose, HbA1c, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglyceride, TSH, age, and gender were recorded. Non-HDL cholesterol and PAI were calculated as follows:PAI=TG÷HDLcholesterolnon−HDL=total cholesterol−HDLcholesterol Results: Mean age was 57.06 ± 11.39 years. Mean HbA1c was 8.49 ± 1.86%, PAI ratio was 4.12 ± 3.88 mg/dl, and mean non-HDL cholesterol was 156.50 ± 45.39 mg/dl. Non-HDL cholesterol (r = 0.427; p < 0.001), HbA1c (r = 0.163; p < 0.001), and glucose (r = 0.154; p < 0.001) showed a significantly positive correlation with PAI. Conclusion: Although a respectable attention is drawn to non-HDL cholesterol based on the present data, PAI may have a stronger relationship with HbA1c in patients with T2DM. PAI may be beneficial in predicting patients who have high risk for CVD in clinical practice. © 2020, Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Frequency of monocyte subsets is linked to the severity of atherosclerosis in patients with ischemic heart disease: A case-control study; Background: Monocytes are recognized as central cells in the progression of atherosclerosis, and are subcategorized into classical (CD14++CD16lo), intermediate (CD14++CD16hi) and non-classical (CD14+CD16hi) subsets. Purpose: The present study aimed to assess the relationships between different subsets of monocytes, metabolic and inflammatory factors in patients with stable coronary heart disease. Methods: A total of 26 patients (both men and women) with stable ischemic heart disease (IHD) were recruited. Among all the recruited patients, 17 patients had significant coronary artery disease defined as diameter stenosis more than 70%. Severity of CHD was assessed by the Gensini score (GS). Counts of CD14++CD16lo, CD14++CD16hi and CD14+CD16hi monocytes were evaluated by flow cytometry. Gating was verified and expression of CD163 was determined by imaging flow cytometry. Key cardiac markers, cytokines, and chemokines were detected in serum and in 24-hour-culture medium for peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) by multiplex analysis. The Mann-Whitney U-test and Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (r) were used for statistical analysis. Results: Patients with stenosis <70% tended to have higher frequency of CD14+CD16hi monocytes compared to patients with coronary artery stenosis >70%. The frequencies of CD163+CD14++CD16hi and CD163+CD14+CD16hi monocytes were elevated in patients with stenosis >70%. In patients with stenosis <70%, the frequency of classical monocytes positively correlated and the frequency of non-classical monocytes negatively correlated with the value of GS (R = 0.757; p = 0.018 and R = -0.757; p = 0.018, respectively). Conclusions: In patients with ischemic heart disease, the frequency of classical monocytes was directly correlated with the severity of atherosclerosis, while the frequency of non-classical monocytes was correlated inversely. The effects of these monocyte subsets in the development of myocardial ischemia still need to be elucidated. © the Author(s). This is an open access article under the CC BY license
Reply to the letter to the editor: [Comment on “The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention]; We have read with a great pleasure the letter of Dr. Cure et al. to the editor about our recent study which showed an association between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and no-reflow in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Dr Cure raises concerns about the miscalculation of AIP value that suggested choosing ‘mmol/l’ in equation instead of ‘mg/dl’. As the AIP is the logarithmic transformation of triglyceride/high density lipoprotein; ‘mmol/l’ and an alternatively ‘mg/dl’ units can be used in the equation to calculate AIP values. Cure et al. also argue that our patients’ lipoprotein levels were lower than expected. However, in a population based study and in several studies which were held in Turkey, the mean values of lipoprotein levels in Turkish population were nearly similar with our study population findings. We thank the authors' letter for pointing out these issues which we hope to have addressed. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
LDL/apo B ratio predict coronary heart disease in Type 2 diabetes independent of ASCVD risk score: A case-cohort study; Background and aims: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a major mortality risk factor in patients with diabetes. LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) is a major risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis. There is one apolipoprotein B (ApoB) molecule in each LDL particle. We aimed to evaluate the predictive value of the LDL-C/ApoB ratio for CHD in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods and results: In this case-cohort study (apo)lipoproteins and glycemic indices were measured in 1058 individuals with T2D from February 2002 to March 2019, with a median duration of follow up of 10 years. Of 1058 patients with T2D, coronary heart disease occurred in 242 patients. Increased waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, and hemoglobin A1c, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)/Apolipoprotein B (ApoB) ratio, presence of hypertension and metabolic syndrome, and insulin and statin use were more prevalent among patients with CHD (P < 0.001). Logistic regression analysis showed that an LDL-C/ApoB ratio equal or lower than 1.2 could predict CHD independent of ASCVD risk score [adjusted OR:1.841, CI:1.257–2.698, P < 0.001] when adjusted for multiple confounders. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) did not predict CHD. Conclusion: This study showed that LDL-C/ApoB ratio, but not the atherogenic index of plasma, may be considered as an indicator of CHD independent of the ASCVD risk score in patients with T2D. This finding merits further clarification to optimize preventive strategies for CHD. © 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
The Association of Triglyceride Glucose index for Coronary Artery Disease in Postmenopausal Women; This study aimed to explore the association between the triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and coronary artery disease (CAD) in postmenopausal women. This study enrolled 869 postmenopausal women and classified them into two groups: CAD group (n = 538) and control group (n = 331). The TyG index was significantly higher in patients with CAD than in controls (P < 0.05).Receiver operator characteristic curves showed that the TyG index was more discriminative for CAD than for control group, and after adjusting for the traditional clinical prognostic factors, including age (>60 years), diabetes, ischemic stroke, systolic blood pressure (≥140), and ejection fraction (<50%), we found that the TyG index could be an independent risk factor for CAD (P < 0.05). The risk of increased TyG index was greater in the <50 years subgroup than in the >50 years subgroup (P < 0.05). The TyG index may be a valuable clinical predictor of CAD risk in postmenopausal women. © The Author(s) 2022.
Is it possible to predict the complexity of peripheral artery disease with atherogenic index?; Objectives: Lower extremity peripheral artery disease develops mainly due to atherosclerosis and occurs as a result of the systemic atherosclerotic process. Increased triglyceride (TG) and decreased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) values increase atherosclerosis risk. With regard to this information, TG/HDL-C ratio is used as the atherogenic index. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the role of TG/HDL-C ratio to predict the complexity of disease in patients with peripheral artery disease. Methods: Patients who were diagnosed with peripheral artery disease and admitted to our clinic between August 2013 and August 2019 were included in this study retrospectively. Patients were divided into two groups based on angiographic evaluations with TransAtlantic Inter-Society Consensus-II classification. Those with TASC A-B lesions were included in Group 1 and those with TASC C-D lesions constituted Group 2. Results: The mean ages of Group 1 (n = 314) and Group 2 (n = 98) patients were 56.1 ± 9.3 and 58.4.1 ± 8.1 years, respectively. The frequency of male gender and coronary artery disease was significantly higher in Group 2 (p = 0.043, p = 0.001, respectively). In Group 2, triglyceride and TG/HDL-C ratios were significantly high, while HDL-C was significantly low (p = 0.022, p < 0.001, p = 0.010, respectively). The multivariate logistic regression analysis performed to evaluate the parameters in predicting the angiographic complexity of peripheral artery disease showed that coronary artery disease (OR: 1.009 CI 95%: 1.003–1.021 p = 0.016) and TG/HDL-C ratio (OR: 5.385 CI 95%: 2.553–9.357 p = 0.001) were independent predictors for complexity. ROC analysis revealed that the cut-off value of TG/HDL-C was 2.9 (AUC = 0.670, p < 0.001) with 75.5% sensitivity and 56.7% specificity. Conclusions: It is possible to predict the angiographic complexity of peripheral artery disease with TG/HDL-C ratio, also known as atherogenic index, which is easily obtained by routine biochemical parameters. © The Author(s) 2020.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin and kexin type 9 in Sub Clinical Hypothyroidism as a Risk Factor for Cardiovascular Disease; A subclinical hypothyroidism characterized by s excessive amounts of thyroid-stimulating hormone despite appropriate levels of free thyroxine and free triiodothyronine. Subclinical hypothyroidism is linked to a higher risk of coronary artery disease and its mortalities, as it is associated with increased atherosclerosis. The presented study aimed to evaluate serum Proprotein convertase subtilisin/Kexin type 9 level among patients with subclinical hypothyroidism. A cross-sectional study was conducted at Azadi Teaching Hospital in Duhok, Kurdistan Region-Iraq. The study was performed from November 2021 to January 2022. A total of 160 participants, including 80 patients with newly diagnosed subclinical hypothyroidism and 80 healthy subjects as a control group. Blood samples were taken from studied groups after overnight fasting for measurement of different parameters such as thyroid stimulating hommos, Free thyroxin, Free triiodothyronine, Anti-thyroid peroxidase antibody, Lipid profiles and Proprotein convertase subtilisin/Kexin type 9. A total of 160 participants were recruited in this study, 63(78%) of subclinical hypothyroid patients were females, and 48(60%) had a positive family history of hypothyroidism. The mean level of Proprotein convertase subtilisin/Kexin type 9. was significantly higher in subclinical hypothyroid patients in comparison with control (4.03±2.96, 2.74±0.96, p= <0.001), respectively. There was insignificant higher mean level of atherogenic indices, lipid profile and serum Proprotein convertase subtilisin/Kexin type 9 among subclinical hypothyroid patients with Thyroid stimulating hormones level of more than 7.00 IU/ml. In conclusion, our research revealed a statistically significant increase in the mean circulating levels of protein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 in individuals who had just been diagnosed with subclinical hypothyroidism. © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
Impact of Normal Weight Central Obesity on Clinical Outcomes in Male Patients With Premature Acute Coronary Syndrome; There is a lack of studies that evaluate the association between normal weight central obesity and subsequent outcomes in patients with premature acute coronary syndrome (ACS). We evaluated 338 consecutive male patients (aged ≤ 55 years) with premature ACS. The primary outcomes were all-cause mortality and major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE). We compared the hazard ratios (HRs) in patients with and without normal weight central obesity using multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. All-cause mortality (16.8%) of patients with normal weight central obesity was much higher than those (7.1%) without normal weight central obesity (P =.008). The incidence of MACCE in patients with and without normal weight central obesity were 40.7 and 23.6% (P =.001), respectively. After multivariable adjustment, the risks of all-cause mortality and MACCE were significantly higher in patients with normal weight central obesity than those without normal weight central obesity (adjusted HR: 1.83; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.04-3.31; P =.004 and adjusted HR: 1.62; 95% CI: 1.18-2.27; P =.017, respectively). In conclusion, the risks of all-cause mortality and MACCE were significantly higher in male patients with premature ACS with normal weight central obesity than in those without normal weight central obesity. © The Author(s) 2019.
Enhanced CaMKII-Dependent Late INaInduces Atrial Proarrhythmic Activity in Patients with Sleep-Disordered Breathing; Rationale: Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is frequently associated with atrial arrhythmias. Increased CaMKII (Ca/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II) activity has been previously implicated in atrial arrhythmogenesis. Objective: We hypothesized that CaMKII-dependent dysregulation of Na current (INa) may contribute to atrial proarrhythmic activity in patients with SDB. Methods and Results: We prospectively enrolled 113 patients undergoing elective coronary artery bypass grafting for cross-sectional study and collected right atrial appendage biopsies. The presence of SDB (defined as apnea-hypopnea index ≥15/h) was assessed with a portable SDB monitor the night before surgery. Compared with 56 patients without SDB, patients with SDB (57) showed a significantly increased level of activated CaMKII. Patch clamp was used to measure INa. There was a significantly enhanced late INa, but reduced peak INadue to enhanced steady-state inactivation in atrial myocytes of patients with SDB consistent with significantly increased CaMKII-dependent cardiac Na channel phosphorylation (NaV1.5, at serine 571, Western blotting). These gating changes could be fully reversed by acute CaMKII inhibition (AIP [autocamtide-2 related inhibitory peptide]). As a consequence, we observed significantly more cellular afterdepolarizations and more severe premature atrial contractions in atrial trabeculae of patients with SDB, which could be blocked by either AIP or KN93 (N-[2-[[[(E)-3-(4-chlorophenyl)prop-2-enyl]-methylamino]methyl]phenyl]-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methoxybenzenesulfonamide). In multivariable linear regression models incorporating age, sex, body mass index, existing atrial fibrillation, existing heart failure, diabetes mellitus, and creatinine levels, apnea-hypopnea index was independently associated with increased CaMKII activity, enhanced late INaand correlated with premature atrial contraction severity. Conclusions: In atrial myocardium of patients with SDB, increased CaMKII-dependent phosphorylation of NaV1.5 results in dysregulation of INawith proarrhythmic activity that was independent from preexisting comorbidities. Inhibition of CaMKII may be useful for prevention or treatment of arrhythmias in SDB. Clinical Trial Registration: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02877745. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic index of plasma is a novel and strong predictor associated with fatty liver: A cross-sectional study in the Chinese Han population; Background: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been reported to be an important predictor for coronary artery disease and obesity. However, few studies has yet systematically evaluated the association between AIP and Fatty Liver (FL) and its advantage in FL prediction compared with BMI, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT and AST. Methods: A total of 7838 participants aged from 19 to 93 years were included in this study. Height, weight, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT and AST were measured. Difference analyses, odds ratio calculation, logistic and predictive analyses were used to evaluate the association and discrimination ability between AIP, BMI, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT, AST and FL. Results: Compared with non-FL, AIP in FL people showed a significant increase. Subjects in the higher quartiles of AIP had a significantly increased risk of fatty liver compared with those in the lowest quartile (P < 0.01) after adjustment of gender and age. ORs were grown faster in female and youth group. AIP contributed most in the logistic eq. (B = 2.64, P < 0.01) and showed high ability in risk prediction for FL (AUC = 0.810, P < 0.01). Conclusions: AIP might be a novel and strong predictor associated with FL in Chinese Han population. Higher AIP level was positively and strongly associated with FL. © 2019 The Author(s).
Plasma lipids in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: Observations on the associations between lipid indices and coronary flow reserve; Background and aims: Patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are at increased risk for coronary artery disease (CAD), even after adjusting for traditional risk factors for atherosclerosis. While inflammation is widely regarded as the pathophysiologic link between IBD and CAD, the exact mechanisms are largely unknown. This study was conducted to investigate the association of lipid parameters and indices with coronary flow reserve and markers of inflammation in IBD patients. Methods: A total of 73 patients with IBD and 26 healthy controls were enrolled. Patients in the IBD arm were either in remission or had mild disease activity. Lipid parameters, C‑reactive protein (CRP) and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) were analyzed using standard laboratory techniques. Coronary flow reserve (CFR) was measured using two-dimensional echocardiography. Results: Both CRP and ESR were higher and CFR was significantly lower in IBD patients, but there were no differences in terms of lipid parameters or indices; however, patients with IBD and a CFR <2.0 had significantly higher triglyceride (TG) level (155.0 (80.0) mg/dl vs. 108.0 (68.0) mg/dl, p < 0.001) and there was a strong trend towards lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (40.0 (8.5) mg/dl vs. 45.0 (10.0) mg/dl, p = 0.05) level in the latter group when compared to patients with a CFR ≥2.0. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), measured as log(TG/HDL-C) had the best predictive value for CFR in IBD group and was an independent predictor of CFR after multivariate adjustment for confounders (unstandardized coefficient: −0.75, 95% CI: (−1.13)–(−0.37)), β = −0.41, p = <0.001). Conclusion: The atherogenic index of plasma is a marker for reduced CFR in IBD patients and could be useful to screen those at risk for early atherogenesis and CAD. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature.
Gene polymorphism of 3'apo-vntr in egyptians with coronary artery disease; Background: Coronary artery diseases (CAD) are big health problem in both developed and developing countries. It is considered one of the main causes of death in the world. Dyslipidemia increases the risk of CAD incidences. It is aimed in this worktop study the impact of 3'APOBVNTRgene on CAD incidences. Methods: Eighty CAD patients and ninety-three healthy volunteers are enrolled in this study. Lipid parameters were estimated in both groups and PCR technique has been performed to analyze 3'APOB-VNTR gene polymorphism. Results: The genotypes 31/31, 31/37, 37/37 and 31/44 are more predominant in both groups. The frequency of 24/31 in CAD patients is (0.137) while it is completely absent in the control group. Our results show that there is an increase in the frequency of various genotypes (e.g., 17/31 and 21/34 genotypes) in the control group compared to theca patients group. Conclusions: 3'APOB-VNTR gene could probably be considered a risk factor for CAD incidences and may help to early diagnose them. © 2021 Sciendo. All rights reserved.
Association of osteoprotegerin and lipid risk factors with severity of stenosis in coronary artery disease patients with diabetes mellitus; Introduction and Aim: Type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major risk factor for coronary artery diease (CAD). CAD patients with severe stenosis undergo angiography as a part of diagnostic and interventional cardiac care. Gensini scoring system can quantify stenosis which is done during angiogam, an invasive procedure associated with substantial risk. Osteoprotegerin is a protein involved in calcification. Therefore, India being the diabetic capital of world, in the pressent study, we explored the link of osteoprotegerin (OPG) with the severity of stenosis in CAD patients with history of T2DM. Materials and Methods: We assessed serum OPG, fasting blood sugar, calcium, lipid profile and lipid risk factors in CAD patients with history of T2DM (n=109) and gensisni score was assigned from angiogram. We analyzed the correlation of biochemical parameters with Gensisni score, the gold standard for the assessment of stenosis severity. Results: Gensisni score was significantly correlated to the type of vessel disease (p<0.000) while osteoprotegerin was positively linked (p<0.05) in CAD patients with diabetes. Among the lipid risk factors, TG/HDL-C and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were positively linked to Gensisni score. Conclusion: Serum level of osteoprotegerin and lipd risk factors correlate with severity of stenosis. Therefore, osteoprotegerin can be used as a novel screening tool in the Indian population, for CAD patients with a history of diabetes, as an indicator for undergoing angiogram. © 2020, Indian Association of Biomedical Scientists. All rights reserved.
Total serum cholesterol, atherogenic indices and their longitudinal association with depressive symptoms among US adults; Serum cholesterol, both total and lipoprotein fractions, has been associated with mid-and late-life depression. Using longitudinal data on a large and ethnically diverse sample of urban adults, the associations of serum lipid profile measured by high or low total cholesterol (TC; >200 mg dl−1; < 160 mg dl−1) and by atherogenic indices, namely high total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol relative to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, with change in total and domain-specific depressive symptoms over time were examined. Findings were compared by sex. (Hypothesis 1) In addition, baseline depressive symptoms as predictors for longitudinal change in lipid profile trajectory were tested. (Hypothesis 2) Mixed-effects regression analyses stratified by sex was used. Sample sizes of participants (n) and repeated observations (n’) were: Hypothesis 1 (Men: n = 826; n’ = 1319; Women: n = 1099; n’ = 1817); Hypothesis 2 (Men: n = 738; n’ = 1230; Women: n = 964; n’ = 1678). As hypothesized, a higher level of atherogenic indices was linked to faster increase in depressive symptom scores, particularly depressed affect and interpersonal problems, though this relationship was found only among women. Among men a U-shaped relationship between baseline TC and longitudinal increase in somatic complaints and a direct link between low TC and longitudinal putative improvement in positive affect was found. On excluding statin users among women, low TC was associated with slower increase in depressed affect over time, whereas high TC was associated with faster increase in interpersonal problems. In summary, atherogenic indices were directly linked to faster increase in depressive symptoms among women only. More studies are needed to explain these sex-specific associations. © 2015, The Author(s).
The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and epicardial adipose tissue in hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients; Introduction: Epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) is the true visceral fat depot of the heart. The relationship between coronary artery disease and EAT was shown in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients. One of the established risk factor in this population is dyslipidemia. We aimed to determine the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and EAT in ESRD patients. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study involving 76 ESRD patients receiving PD or HD for ≥6 months and 42 healthy subjects. EAT was measured by using an electrocardiogram-gated 64-multidetector computed tomography (MDCT). Atherogenic index of plasma was calculated as the logarithmically transformed ratio of the serum trigliseride to HDL-cholesterol. Results: The etiology of ESRD patients was diabetic nephropathy (n = 16), chronic glomerulonephritis (n = 10), hypertensive nephropathy (n = 23), polycystic kidney disease (n = 7), nephrolithiasis (n = 5) and unknown (n = 15). There were no differences with respect to the following variables between ESRD patients and healthy subjects: age; sex; BMI; predialysis levels of DBP; serum levels of albumin, HDL-cholesterol and hemoglobin. However, ESRD patients had higher serum levels of trigliseride, hs-CRP and AIP when compared to healthy subjects. There was a statistically significant relationship between EAT, BMI and AIP in ESRD patients (r = 0.42, p < 0.001 and r = 0.25, p = 0.028, respectively). The stepwise linear regression analysis revealed that age, as well as BMI were independent predictors of EAT. Conclusion: We found a relationship between EAT as defined by MDCT and AIP in ESRD patients. Further clinical and experimental studies are needed. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Evaluation of antihyperlipidaemic effect of macrotyloma uniflorum seed extract in experimental hyperlipidaemia; Hyperlipidaemia is a major risk factor for development of coronary artery disease. Macrotyloma uniflorum (M. uniflorum) is traditionally used in India for medicinal purposes In this study, effect of ethanolic extract of M. uniflorum seeds was investigated in Triton X-100 induced hyperlipidaemic rats. Hyperlipidaemia was induced in Wistar rats by intraperitoneal (i.p) injections of Triton at a dose of 400mg/kg body weight. Treatment with the ethanolic extract of M. uniflorum orally at a dose of 200mg/kg body weight significantly reduced the cholesterol, phospholipids, triglycerides, total lipid, low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and significantly increased the high density lipoprotein (HDL) level associated with reduction of atherogenic index in hperlipidaemic rats. However, the results suggest that M. uniflorum has a beneficial effect in treating hyperlipidemia and may serve as a potential drug for prevention of hyperlipidaemic atherosclerosis. © RJPT All right reserved.
Moringa oleifera Lam. A herbal medicine for hyperlipidemia: A pre-clinical report; Objective: Herbal medicine is a use of plant's seeds, roots, barks, leaves, berries or flowers for medicinal purposes. In this present study, leaves of Moringa oleifera Lam were evaluated for its hypolipidemic, antioxidant, anticoagulant, platelet antiaggregatory and antiinflammatory activity in experimental animals. Methods: The experimental animals were divided into five groups of male Wistar rats each. The hydroalcoholic extract of Moringa oleifera (HEMO) was prepared and administered orally to hyperlipidemic rats for a period of 28 days. Results: The results showed that oral administration of HEMO at two different dose level (100 and 200mg/kg/b.wt) showed significant (P<0.001) reduction in elevated levels of body weight, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low density lipoprotein, very low density lipoprotein and similarly significant (P<0.001) increase in high density lipoprotein level. Atherogenic index was significantly reduced in the Moringa oleifera treated groups at tested dose levels. The antioxidant parameters of SOD, Catalase, MDA was significant (P<0.001) in vivo. The intravenous administration of HEMO delayed the plasma recalcification time in rabbits and also inhibited ADP induced platelet aggregation in vitro, which was comparable to commercial heparin. The significant (P<0.001) inhibition of proinflammatory cytokines like TNF-α and IL-1α by HEMO were taken as it s antiinflammatory activity. Conclusions: All these results revealed the therapeutic potential of HEMO against vascular intimal damage and atherogenesis leading to various types of cardiovascular complications. Thus, Moringa oleifera can be prescribed as food appendage for coronary artery disease patients along with their regular medicines. © 2012 Asian Pacific Tropical Medicine Press.
Prevalence of the coronary artery disease risk factors and 10-year risk of cardiovascular mortality based on HeartScore in people qualified for kidney donation; Background: The living kidney donor is exposed to the renal function impairment as a result of kidney donation, which may increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. It seems justified to identify cardiovascular risk factors prior to kidney donation. Material/Methods: We analyzed data of 50 consecutive potential kidney donors. All individuals underwent clinical examination and lipid profile. For each subject we calculated atherogenic index. To calculate the 10-year risk of cardiovascular death, the HeartScore calculator was used. Results: The most frequent risk factors were obesity, lipid disorders, and smoking. In 72% of subjects, at least 1 of the risk factors was detected. Atherogenic index values considered to indicate high risk of atherosclerosis were found in 16% of subjects. More than 40% of subjects had more than 1 coronary risk factor, and most had 2. In 58% of subjects, the calculated HeartScore risk value was consistent with risk estimated for age, and in 26% it exceeded this value by 1-9% (mean, 3.1%). Conclusions: The prevalence of coronary risk factors is high in potential kidney donors. HeartScore seems to be a useful method to evaluate the risk of cardiovascular mortality in these individuals, and is a simple tool to use in controlling the influence of the modification of risk factors on the global risk in follow-up. Comparison with the value of risk acceptable according to age and sex may oblige the physician to take action to reduce it. © Ann Transplant.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidant potential of hydroalcholic leaf extract of talinum portulacifolium against triton WR-1339 induced dyslipidemia in experimental animals; Talinum portulacifolium which is known as water plant is traditionally used for its various properties and hence in present study hydroalcoholic extract of plant leaves has been screened for its hypolipidemic activity. Hyperlipidemia is a highly prognostic risk factor for atherosclerosis, coronary artery diseases and cerebrovascular diseases. Triton WR-1339, a non ionic sur-factant has been widely used to produce acute dyslipidemia in animal models in order to screen hypolipidemic activity of the extract and serum levels of various biochemical parameters such as total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL, VLDL and HDL cholesterol and atherogenic index were determined. The animals are grouped into normal, Triton treated group, Triton + Standard, Triton + herb extract (200mg/kg) and Triton + herb extract (400mg/kg). The plant extract showed significant hypolipidemic effect by lowering all biochemical parameters and increases HDL cholesterol levels. These biochemical observations are also confirmed by Histopathological examination of liver. The plant extract also showed good antioxidant potential by increasing SOD, CAT, GSH and decreasing lipid peroxidation. © 2018 Pharmascope Publications. All rights reserved.
Residual cardiovascular risk in patients with stable coronary heart disease over the last 16 years (Czech part of the EUROASPIRE I-IV surveys); Introduction: Many patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) who achieve target low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) values still experience vascular events because of a residual vascular risk due to other risk factors, particularly non-LDL-C dyslipidemia, because of non-adherence to non-pharmacological and pharmacological management. Method and aims: We used simple markers and inexpensive screening tools for metabolic disorders associated with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome identifying subjects at a high cardiovascular (CV) risk - atherogenic dyslipidemia [triglycerides (TG) ≥2.0 mmol/l and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ≤1.0 mmol/l in males and ≤1.2 mmol/l in females], hypertriglyceridemic waist (TG ≥2.0 mmol/l and waist circumference ≥90 cm in males and ≥85 cm in females), atherogenic index of plasma [AIP = log (TG/HDL-C)] and non- HDL-C (non-HDL-C = total cholesterol - HDL-C)]. We focused on the development of these risk factors among patients with established stable CHD over more than the last 16 years. Results: We examined 1484 patients, 1152 males (78%) and 332 females (22%) from the Czech parts of EUROASPIRE I-IV (EA I-IV) surveys. In males, TG, HDL-C, and non-HDL-C decreased significantly from EA I to IV (p for trends NS; 0.0001; 0.0001, respectively). In females, there was no change in TG; HDL-C, and non-HDL-C decreased significantly (p for trends NS; 0.03; 0.0001, respectively). Atherogenic dyslipidemia prevalence decreased significantly in both sexes (p for trends 0.004 and 0.0012, respectively). Hypertriglyceridemic waist prevalence showed no change in either sex. There were no significant changes in AIP risk strata in either sex. About 30-40% of males and 24-30% of females had their AIP in the high-risk strata, which tended to increase in males. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and waist circumference increased significantly from EAI to IV (from 23% to 48%, and from 98 cm to 105 cm, respectively; both p for trend <0.0001). The prevalence of all above mentioned residual vascular risk markers was higher in patients with T2DM and impaired fasting glucose than in those with normal fasting glucose in both sexes. Conclusion: Despite the increase in T2DM prevalence and waist circumference from EA I to IV, hypertriglyceridemic waist prevalence showed no change and atherogenic dyslipidemia prevalence decreased significantly in both sexes, because not all obese patients are insulin-resistant and not all patients with glucose metabolism disorders present all characteristics of metabolic syndrome. Simple markers of the atherogenic phenotype, especially AIP, should be used in CV risk assessment. © 2014 The Czech Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Urban & Partner Sp. z o.o. All rights reserved.
Comparison of atherogenic index and lipid profiles in candidates for coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus normal people; Information on incidence and risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is rare in the Middle East. This study aims to compare Iranian candidates for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery and healthy controls in terms of lipid profile, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), and atherosclerosis index (ASTI). The individuals recruited in this study were 135 CVD patients before CABG surgery and 135 healthy subjects matching in age with the cases. Lipid profiles of the two groups were analyzed with a commercial kit. The AIP and ASTI indexes were calculated with related formula. The TC, TG, LDL-C and HDL-c parameters were dramatically changed (p<0.01) between study groups. AIP and ASTI indexes were significantly higher in patients than in healthy people (p=0.001). In individuals with CVD, it is suggested to measure these indexes in order for effective diagnosis before CABG surgery. © Pakistan Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Relationships between alcohol intake and atherogenic indices in women; Background: Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption is known to reduce the risk of coronary artery disease. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate relationships of alcohol intake with atherogenic indices, such as the ratio of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C/HDL-C ratio) and the ratio of triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C ratio), in women. Methods: Subjects (14,067 women, 20-45 years) were divided by alcohol intake into three groups of nondrinkers, occasional drinkers, and regular drinkers, and each drinker group was further divided into lower- (<22 g ethanol/drinking day) and greater- (≥22 g ethanol/drinking day) quantity drinkers. Atherogenic indices were compared among the alcohol groups. Results: Odds ratio (OR) for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio or high TG/HDL-C ratio calculated after adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and habitual exercise was significantly lower (P <.05) than a reference level of 1.00 in regular or occasional lower- and higher quantity drinkers vs. nondrinkers (OR for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, 0.28 (95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.18-0.44) in regular lower-quantity drinkers, 0.18 (95% CI, 0.12-0.28) in regular higher quantity drinkers, 0.71 (95% CI, 0.61-0.83) in occasional lower-quantity drinkers, and 0.53 (95% CI, 0.44-0.64) in occasional higher quantity drinkers; OR for high TG/HDL-C ratio, 0.52 (95% CI, 0.32-0.85) in regular lower-quantity drinkers, 0.67 (95% CI, 0.47-0.96) in regular higher-quantity drinkers, 0.61 (95% CI, 0.50-0.76) in occasional lower-quantity drinkers, and 0.63 (95% CI, 0.50-0.79) in occasional higher-quantity drinkers. Both LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and log-transformed TG/HDL-C ratio were significantly greater in smokers than in nonsmokers. Both in smokers and nonsmokers, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and log-transformed TG/HDL-C ratio were significantly lower in regular lower- and higher-quantity drinkers than in nondrinkers. In nonsmokers, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and log-transformed TG/HDL-C ratio tended to be lower and greater, respectively, in regular greater-quantity drinkers than in regular lower-quantity drinkers. Conclusion: In women, alcohol drinking is inversely associated with atherogenic indices irrespective of smoking status, and the inverse association of alcohol drinking with LDL-C/HDL-C ratio is stronger than that with TG/HDL-C ratio. © 2013 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Premature atherosclerosis in children with beta-thalassemia major: New diagnostic marker; Background: Early vascular alteration, atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease have emerged as important cardiovascular complications among beta-thalassemia major (B-TM) patients. The aims of the current study were to assess the prevalence of premature atherosclerosis among our B-TM patients, and to investigate the diagnostic value of serum Osteoprotegerin assay as an early biomarker for atherosclerosis. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at Hematology unit - Pediatric Department, Zagazig University Children Hospital- Egypt in the period from March 2014 to March 2015. A total of 115 children were enrolled in the current study; as sixty-five (65) children with beta thalassemia major aged 5-18 years, on regular blood transfusion regimen represented the patient group. While fifty (50) healthy children, with comparable age and gender, were assigned as control group. All participants were subjected to history taking, thorough clinical examination and laboratory investigations including; complete blood count, liver and kidney function tests, C- reactive protein, lipid profile, serum ferritin and serum Osteoprotegerin (OPG) assay. Also, carotid artery intima media thickness (CAIMT) was performed by duplex ultrasound for patients and controls. Results: Our B-TM patients were transfusion-dependent for as long as 8.5 ± 3.8 years with significantly higher serum ferritin levels (2490 ± 1579 ng/dl vs 83 ± 32 ng/dl, p = 0.001), C-reactive protein (5.7 ± 5.7 vs 0.9 ± 0.9), liver enzymes and bilirubin when compared to controls. Significantly higher serum triglyceride (128 ± 20 vs 101 ± 7 mg/dL, p = 0.009) and atherogenic index of plasma (0.45 ± 0.12 vs 0.22 ± 0.04, p = 0.001) were recorded in patients than comparisons. On the contrary, total serum cholesterol (116 ± 16 vs 143 ± 5, p < 0.001), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) (44 ± 9 vs 73 ± 6, p < 0.001) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (39 ± 2 vs 61 ± 5, p < 0.001), were significantly lowered in patients versus normal peers. Carotid arteries intima media thickness (CAIMT) of both side were significantly increased for patients (Rt 0.62 ± 0.2 vs. 0.29 ± 0.07 mm, p = 0.001 & Lt 0.66 ± 0.17 vs 0.29 ± 0.05 mm, p = 0.001) when compared with healthy controls, and showed positive correlation with, serum triglyceride, atherogenic index of plasma, and serum Osteoprotegerin levels. ELISA assay of serum Osteoprotegerin (OPG) revealed significantly higher levels for thalassemia patients than matched healthy controls (427 ± 102 vs. 324 ± 126 pg/ml, p = 0.02). Of particular interest is the obvious positive correlation between OPG levels and CAIMT of both sides (Rt r 0.54, p = 0.001 &Lt r 0.479, p = 0.001) and also with serum triglycerides (r 0.374, p = 0.03). Conclusions: Subclinical atherosclerosis started prematurely in children with beta- thalassemia. Carotid artery intima media thickness represented a simple, accurate and non-invasivemodality for early detection ofatherosclerosis. It was correlated well with serum Osteoprotegerin; this finding highlighted the possible validity of OPG assay as an early predictor of atherosclerosis in thalassemia children. © 2017 The Author(s).
Estimating the effectiveness of hypolipidemic therapy with rosuvastatin in patients with coronary heart disease depending on the genotype of lipoprotein lipase; Taking into account the genetic heterogeneity of hyperlipidemias, polymorphic genes involved in the regulation of lipid metabolism may explain differences in the efficacy of hypolipidemic therapy. In the present prospective and randomized study, we have investigated the efficacy of rosuvastatin (10 mg/day) in the therapy of atherogenic hyperlipidemias in a group of 62 patients with coronary heart disease (CHD), depending on the genotype of lipoprotein lipase (LPL). The pharmacological correction was carried out during one year under control of lipid metabolism parameters (total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, HDL-unrelated cholesterol, triglycerides, atherogenic index) at the baseline and on 4th, 8th, 24th and 48th week. The Hindlll polymorphism (+495T > G, rs320) of the LPL gene was genotyped ni all patients studied through a real-time PCR TaqMan assay. Rosuvastatin produced a significant hypolipidemic effect with respect to all investigated lipid metabolism parameters for 24 weeks of treatment. Changes in the parameters of lipid metabolism upon rosuvastatin treatment differed in patients with genotype +495GG as compared to the rest LPL genotypes. In comparison to the +495TT and TG genotypes, the genotype +495GG showed a greater reduction in total cholesterol on 8th week, and in LDL-C, HDL-unrelated cholesterol, and atherogenic index on the 48th week of rosuvastatin therapy (p < 0.01). It can be suggested that the pronounced hypolipidemic effect of rosuvastatin in homozygotes +495GG of the LPL gene is associated with modulation of the LPL activity, as it has been previously reported for other statin drugs. © Folium Publishing House, 2016.
Contribution of classical and emerging risk factors to coronary artery disease in Asian Indians; Background The merits and demerits of classical risk factors in coronary artery disease (CAD) are widely debated. We analyzed the role of conventional (age, gender, diabetes, hypertension, smoking) and non-conventional risk factors (anthropometrics, fasting blood sugar, atherogenic index of plasma - AIP, family history) in Asian Indians with CAD. Methods Out of 11,164 subjects (4855 affected, 6309 unaffected) enrolled in the Indian Atherosclerosis Research Study (IARS), 269 unaffected individuals with abnormal electrocardiogram and seven underage were excluded. Around 10,888 subjects along with two subsets, including 9888 individuals having family history information and 1616 individuals with intermediate Framingham risk score (FRS), were statistically analyzed using SPSS version 17.0 and R software. Results A combination of classical risk factors showed good discrimination between affected and unaffected individuals (C > 0.85). Hypertension (OR 3.79) or male gender (OR 5.31) showed significant association with CAD when lipids were included or excluded from the predictive model, followed by age, diabetes and smoking. Hypertension and diabetes frequencies were higher in older patients (> 55 years) while smoking was more prevalent in younger patients (< 55 years). Family history and AIP provided a modest increase in C index over the classical factors (0.864 to 0.873), with 7.1% net reclassification in the intermediate FRS group. In CAD patients, 4% were classified as high risk by FRS, 52% were classified as having metabolic syndrome with revised criteria and over 90% had a high AIP score. Conclusion Addition of AIP and family history to conventional risk factors improved risk discrimination in Asian Indians with CAD. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the various lipid ratios and indices for risk assessment in patients of myocardial infarction; Objectives: Coronary artery disease (CAD) has emerged as the major cause of morbidity and mortality among Asian Indians in the recent past. The following study was undertaken to assess the predictive value of novel biomarkers of dyslipidemia for risk assessment for CAD in the Indian population. Design and methods: The study group comprised of 100 clinically assessed patients of myocardial infarction and 100 age and sex matched healthy controls. Apolipoprotein-A (Apo-AI) and Apolipoprotein-B (Apo-B) were estimated and small dense LDL was derived mathematically. Results: The cases showed significantly high levels of total serum cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, Apo-B, sdLDL, and non-HDL cholesterol. On carrying out multivariate regression analysis, Lp(a)/HDL ratio emerged as the best determinant of CAD risk. Conclusion: The above data clearly underlines the role of these novel biomarkers in the risk assessment for CAD in the Indian context. © 2012 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists.
A comparative study of lipid profile and oestradiol in pre- and post-menopausal women; Objectives: To investigate the relationship between the menopausal status and related hormonal variation of oestradiol with plasma lipid concentrations. Material and Methods: Fifty premenopausal women and fifty postmenopausal women subjects were selected. Data was collected through clinical evaluation from questionnaires and laboratory investigations. Plasma oestradiol and lipid profile determinations were done by using competitive binding im munoassay methods and enzymatic methods respectively. Student's T test and Pearson's test of correlation were used for the statistical analysis. Pvalues of < 0.05 were considered to be statistically significant. Results: There was a significant increase in serum Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), LDLcholesterol and VLDL cholesterol levels in postmenopausal women. HDLcholesterol level was significantly decreased in postmenopausal women. The calculated atherogenic index (Total Cholesterol/HDL ratio) was significantly increased in postmenopausal women as compared to that in premenopausal women. Oestradiol concentration was significantly lower (p<0.001) in postmenopausal women. Discussion: Oestrogen changes the vascular permeability by increasing nitrous oxide production. It maintains a healthy lipoprotein profile. It stabilizes the endothelial cells, enhances antioxidant effect and alters fibrinolysis protein. All these cardio protective mechanisms are lost in menopause. Postmenopausal women develop an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: Menopause leads to changes in lipid profile by reducing HDL, and elevating Total Cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), LDLcholesterol and VLDLcholesterol, thus increasing the risk for cardiovascular disease. These changes are caused by reduced oestrogen concentrations which are seen in menopause.
Antihyperlipidemic and anti-hyperglycemic effects of Cymbopogon jwarancusa in high-fat high-sugar Diet model; Hyperlipidemia is the root cause for development of atherosclerosis, coronary heart Disease, Diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension and cerebral palsy. Cymbopogon jwarancusa is an aromatic grab (Rusha grab, khavi grab) belonging to family Poaceaea. C. jwarancusa ebential oil is famous for its use in perfumery, soaps cosmetics, detergents, medicine and pharmaceuticals. The anti-pyretic, anti-fungal, antibacterial, anti-oxidant and cytotoxic activities of C. jwarancusa have been reported in literature. In the present study different doses of C. jwarancusa extract have been investigated for anti-hyperlipidemic and anti-hyperglycemic activities in high-fat high sugar Diet model in rats. Hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia were abebed by measuring body weight, serum lipid profile and fasting blood glucose levels. Administration of ethanol leaves extract of C. jwarancusa exhibited significant dose-dependent reduction in body weight, lipid parameters and blood sugar levels. Hence it may be concluded that C. jwarancusa AIDS in ameliorating hyperlipidemic, hyperglycemic condiitions and has potential to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems. © 2018 Pakistan Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences. All rights reserved.
The hypolipidemic activity of Ayurvedic medicine, Arogyavardhini vati in Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemic rats: A comparison with fenofibrate; Background: Hyperlipidemia is a major risk factor of coronary heart disease. Currently available hypolipidemic drugs have been associated with number of side effects. Arogyavardhini vati, an Ayurvedic polyherbal formulation has been used for liver disorders. Therefore, present study was designed to evaluate the effect of Arogyavardhini vati in Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemia in rats. Objectives: Anti-hyperlipidemic activity evaluation of Arogyavardhini vati against Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemia in rats. Materials and Methods: Overnight fasted male Wistar rats (150-200 g) were randomly divided into normal control group [4% Dimethyl Sulfoxide (DMSO), i.p.], positive control group (Triton WR-1339 in 4% DMSO, 400 mg/kg, i.p.), standard drug treated (fenofibrate 65 mg/kg, p.o. for 7 days after inducing hyperlipidemia) and Arogyavardhini vati treated (50, 100, 200 mg/kg, p.o. for 7 days after inducing hyperlipidemia). Rat doses were calculated by extrapolating the equivalent human dose (therapeutic dose, sub-maximum, and maximum dose). Serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein HDL, liver malondialdehyde (MDA), and glutathione (GSH) levels were estimated at end of experiments. Results: Arogyavardhini vati significantly decreased serum cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, and C-reactive protein (CRP) and significantly increased serum HDL in a dose-dependent manner. Decreased MDA and increased GSH levels in liver were observed at all doses of Arogyavardhini vati (50, 100, 200 mg/kg) and fenofibrate-treated groups when compared with Triton-treated group. Atherogenic Index (AI) level was significantly decreased in fenofibrate and Arogyavardhini vati (200 mg/kg) treated rats when compared with normal control. Conclusion: Arogyavardhini vati, a traditionally used Ayurvedic medicine may be a useful therapy for hypercholesterolemia through reducing oxidative stress (decreasing MDA and increasing GSH) and lipid levels.
Two parameters reflect lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome: Atherogenic index of plasma, neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio; Background: Atherosclerosis is a systemic, lipid-driven immune-inflammatory disease. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed institutional electronic medical records to seek chest pain patients who were suspicious of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) between January 2011 and December 2013. All the patients were identified by undergoing coronary angiography. On admission white blood cell and its subtypes were measured as part of the automated complete blood count and fasting venous blood samples were obtained and analyzed for lipids profiles used automated analysis. Results: A total of 376 consecutive patients with ACS were investigated. In the same period, 378 patients admitted with chest pain suspicious of ACS were also included in this study for control. Blood glucose, serum creatinine, white blood cell, neutrophil and monocyte were insignificantly higher in the ACS group. ACS group had higher total cholesterol and lower high density lipid-cholesterol. However, triglyceride and low density lipid-cholesterol were similar between ACS and control groups. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was significantly higher in ACS group compared to control group (p = 0.029). Similarly, ACS group had higher neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) than those in control group. In the subgroups, the NLR were significantly higher in the STEMI group (p < 0.001). However, AIP were similar between the three subgroups (p = 0.748). Conclusions: Our data firstly investigated the lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome through two easily feasible parameters. There suggest that there are higher AIP and NLR in the ACS patients. Moreover, ACS subgroups are all lipid-driven states, but inflammation levels are different in the entity ACS subgroups. © 2016 Zhan et al.
Effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Pioglitazone ameliorates insulin resistance, but has an adverse effect of oedema that may result in subsequent heart failure, especially in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. In this study, we evaluated the effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAA) system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. Methods and results: We studied 22 diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and more than 40% of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). Patients were treated with 15 mg of pioglitazone for 12 weeks, in addition to their other hypoglycaemic agents. Pioglitazone significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (155.2±52.9 mg/dl to 131.1±38.4 mg/dl, p<0.01) and haemoglobin A1C (7.13±0.44 to 6.69±0.47, p<0.001). It did not affect low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but significantly decreased triglyceride (115.6±28.8 mg/dl to 99.4±30.0 mg/ dl, p<0.05) and atherogenic index of plasma (0.28±0.17 to 0.19±0.16, p<0.05). Pioglitazone did not affect plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone, human atrial natriuretic peptide or N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide. Conclusion: Our data suggested that low-dose pioglitazone was a safe and useful agent at least in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and preserved LVEF. © 2012 The Author(s).
Estimation of lipid profile and assessment of cardiovascular risk in smokers by using new atherogenic indices; Objective: Smoking habit leads to elevated levels of lipid profile thus increasing the cardiovascular disease risk in coronary heart disease. The aim of study is undertaken to evaluate plasma lipid profile, of the male smoker with non-smoker’s healthy matched control and assessing the cardiovascular risk by using new atherogenic indices. Methods: Fasting blood samples were collected form both cases and controls and estimation of lipid profile by using by using autoanalyzer. A detailed physical and anthropometric parameters information was collected form each participant subjects. Results: Plasma total cholesterol (TC) (221.52±8.34), triglyceride (TG) (274.94±28.70) low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) (129.22±7.76), very LDL-c (VLDL-c) (54.98±5.74) and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol NonHDL-c (HDL-c) (183.26±7.58) in smokers subjects, which were significantly (p<0.0001) higher compared with non-smokers, while HDL-c significantly (38.25±1.34; p<0.001) decreased in smokers as compared to non-smokers. Further, atherogenic ratios like, Castelli’s risk index (CRI-I)=TC/HDL-c, CRI-II=LDL-c/HDL-c, atherogenic coefficient = (TC–HDL-c)/ HDL-c TG/HDL-c ratio, and atherogenic index of plasma =log (TG/HDL-c) were calculated for individual subjects by using lipid profile. All these lipid ratio are significantly (p<0.0001) in smoker group. Conclusion: Our conclusion, these ratio’s could be used for identifying individual at higher risk of cardiovascular disease in the clinical practices especially, when the absolute values of lipid profile seem normal or higher and not markedly deranged or in centers with insufficient resources. © 2015, Asian Journal of Pharmaceutical and Clinical Research. All rights reserved.
Predictors of epicardial adipose tissue in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Epicardial adipose tissue (EAT), visceral fat depot of the heart, was found to be associated with coronary artery disease in cardiac and non-cardiac patients. Platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) were introduced as potential markers to determine inflammation in various disorders. Recently, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was found to be closely associated with atherosclerosis in general population. Waist circumference is commonly used to assess the risk factors in various metabolic disorders. There has been a well known relation between inflammation and peripheral adipose tissue in diabetes mellitus. However, the data regarding EAT and inflammation is scant in this population. Hence, we aimed to determine the relationship between PLR, NLR, AIP, waist circumference and EAT in diabetic patients. Methods. This was a cross-sectional study involving 156 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (87 females, 69 males; mean age, 53.62 ± 9.33 years) and 50 control subjects (35 females, 15 males; mean age, 51.06 ± 8.74 years). EAT was measured by using a trans-thoracic echocardiogram. Atherogenic index of plasma was calculated as the logarithmically transformed ratio of the serum triglyceride to high density lipoprotein (HDL)cholesterol. NLR and PLR were calculated as the ratio of the neutrophils and platelets to lymphocytes, respectively. Results: Waist circumference, PLR, NLR, AIP and EAT measurements were significantly higher in diabetic patients when compared to control subjects. When diabetic patients were separated into two groups according to their median value of EAT (Group 1, EAT < 4.53 (n = 78) and group 2, EAT ≥4.53 (n = 78)), group 2 patients had significantly higher Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, AIP, NLR and PLR levels. In the bivariate correlation analysis, EAT was positively correlated with PLR, NLR, AIP, BMI and waist circumference (r = 0.197, p = 0.014; r = 0.229, p = 0.004; r = 0.161, p = 0.044; r = 0.248, p = 0.002; r = 0.306, p < 0.001, respectively). Waist circumference was found to be independent variables of EAT. Conclusions: Simple calculation of PLR and measurement of waist circumference were found to be associated with increased EAT in diabetic patients. © 2014 Akbas et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Dose-dependent impacts on the diagnostic efficacies of atherogenic lipids in adult Indian smokers; Background: Smoking is a major risk factor for atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease, with a dose-response correlation between the number of cigarettes smoked and the altered lipid profile. In the context of its high prevalence in India, the atherosclerotic risk in smokers is a major concern. Methodology: A total of 900 healthy male individuals (600 smokers of the age range of 25-35 years and 300 age and sex matched non-smoking controls) were recruited and screened for circulating lipids, total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio(TC/HDL), and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP = log Triglycerides/HDL). Results: The TC/HDL ratio, AIP and all the lipids were found to be increased significantly in the study group smokers as compared to their values in the non-smoking controls (p<0.001). HDL was found to be significantly decreased (p<0.001). The same was true when the group 2 heavy smokers were compared with the healthy, non-smoking controls (p<0.001). When comparisons were made between the control group and the group1 light smokers, all the variables were found to be increased, except HDL, but the difference was significant only for the TC/HDL ratio (p< 0.001), with a significant decrease in HDL (p<0.001). Rather than the lipid profile, the TC/HDL ratio and AIP showed higher efficiency in indicating the atherogenic lipid abnormalities which were associated with smoking. Conclusions: To conclude, smoking is positively related to lipid abnormalities. The TC/HDL ratio has the best discriminatory power to indicate the atherogenic lipid abnormalities and thereby, the future atherogenic risk which is associated with smoking.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Atherogenic Indices in an Iranian Population: Birjand East of Iran; Introduction: The alteration in serum lipid profile; increase in total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TAG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C); and reduction in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are key factors in cardiovascular disease progression. The high prevalence and severity of cardiovascular diseases require new screening tools for better evaluation. Atherogenic index (AI) (LDL-C/HDL-C) and coronary risk index (CRI) (TC/HDL-C) can be strong markers for predicting the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease and disclose the presence of LDL or TAG in the serum of related patients. To implement this strategy, the AIs and CRIs in our population were assessed. In this study, a total of 5207 subjects were recruited and AIs and CRIs were calculated for all of them. According to our data, age, body mass index, sex, as well as CRI and AI had affirmative correlation with TC, LDL-C, TAG, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. By increasing these factors, AIs and CRIs were augmented. Moreover, in situations where all atherogenic parameters are normal, these parameters may be the alternative screening tool. © The Author(s) 2018.
Comparison of cord blood lipid profile in preterm small for gestational age and appropriate for gestational age newborns; Introduction: Coronary heart disease is one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality in current era. The roots of this epidemic have been traced to as early as foetal life by foetal origin hypothesis. There are a few studies which have compared the cord blood lipid profile of preterm and term babies and thereby leading a path to primordial prevention of chronic diseases. Aim: To study cord blood lipid profile of preterm appropriate for gestational age and preterm small for gestational age neonates and compare atherogenic index of both groups. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 109 preterm infants. Cord blood samples were collected from placental side of umbilical cord at birth and analyzed for lipid profile which includes serum cholesterol, triglycerides, Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL), High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) and apolipoproteins which include ApoA1, Apo B. Results: Preterm Small for Gestational Age (SGA) neonates had statistically significant higher values of triglycerides, Apo B and atherogenic index compared to preterm Appropriate for Gestational Age (AGA) neonates. Other measured lipid levels were not statistically significant, though the values were higher than reference ranges for term babies. Conclusion: Prematurity as a factor associated with a more atherogenic lipid profile is re-affirmed and SGA as an additional risk factor has been proven giving scope for future research and primordial prevention. © 2017, Journal of Clinical and Diagnostic Research. All rights reserved.
Dietary Almonds Increase Serum HDL Cholesterol in Coronary Artery Disease Patients in a Randomized Controlled Trial1-3; Background: More than one-half of coronary artery disease (CAD) patients have low HDL cholesterol despite having well-managed LDL cholesterol. Almond supplementation has not been shown to elevate circulating HDL cholesterol concentrations in clinical trials, perhaps because the baseline HDL cholesterol of trial subjects was not low. Objective: This clinical trial was designed to test the effect of almond supplementation on low HDL cholesterol in CAD patients. Methods: A total of 150 CAD patients (50 per group), with serum LDL cholesterol #100 mg/dL and HDL cholesterol #40 mg/dL in men and #50 mg/dL in women, were recruited from the Aga Khan University Hospital. After recording vital signs and completing a dietary and physical activity questionnaire, patients were randomly assigned to 1 of the following 3 groups: the no-intervention group (NI), the Pakistani almonds group (PA), and the American almonds group (AA). The respective almond varieties (10 g/d) were given to patients with instructions to soak them overnight, remove the skin, and eat them before breakfast. Blood samples for lipid profiling, body weight, and blood pressure were collected, and assessment of dietary patterns was done at baseline, week 6, and week 12. Results: Almonds significantly increased HDL cholesterol. At weeks 6 and 12, HDL cholesterol was 12-14% and 14-16% higher, respectively, in the PA and AA than their respective baselines. In line with previous reports, serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, and VLDL cholesterol; total-to-HDL and LDL-to-HDL cholesterol ratios, and the atherogenic index were reduced in both the PA and AA at weeks 6 and 12 compared with baseline (P < 0.05). Effects on serum lipids did not differ between the 2 almond groups. Dietary patterns, body weight, and blood pressure did not change in any of the 3 groups during the trial. Conclusion: A low dose of almonds (10 g/d) consumed before breakfast can increase HDL cholesterol, in addition to improving other markers of abnormal lipid metabolism in CAD patients with low initial HDL cholesterol. This trial was registered at the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry as ACTRN12614000036617. J Nutr 2015;145:2287-92. © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Atherogenic impact of homocysteine: Can hmg-coa reductase inhibitors additionally influence hyperhomocysteinaemia?; The strong association among the risk of coronary artery diseases (CAD), high levels of LDL-C and low levels of HDL-C is well established. Hyperhomocysteinaemia (HHcy) is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and causes endothelial dysfunction, a hallmark of atherosclerosis. In this study, we ascertained the influence of statins on the atherogenic index, as an indicator and a significant adjunct for predicting atherosclerosis in hyperhomocysteinaemic male Wistar albino rats. For 4 weeks, the animals were fed with one of the following diets (Mucedola SRL., Milan, Italy): standard rodent chow; a diet enriched in methionine with no deficiency in B vitamins or a diet enriched in methionine and deficient in B vitamins. The animals were simultaneously exposed to a pharmacology treatment with atorvastatin at dose of 3 mg/kg/day i.p. or simvastatin, at dose of 5 mg/kg/day i.p. We measured weight gain, food intake, and FER and determined the concentrations of biochemical parameters of dyslipidaemia (TC, TGs, LDL-C, VLDL-C, and HDL-C), AI, and CRR. A histopathological examination was conducted on portions of the right and left liver lobes from each animal. A connection between Hhcy and dyslipidaemia was indicated by the findings of biochemical and histological analyses, suggesting that Hhcy was a pro-atherogenic state. An improvement in the lipid profile along with a decrease in the atherogenic index by statins suggests that atorvastatin and simvastatin could be useful antiatherogenic agents, with protective activities during hyperhomocysteinaemia. © 2019, University of Kragujevac, Faculty of Science. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP): A novel predictive indicator for the coronary artery disease in postmenopausal women; Background: Dyslipidemia is one of the most important factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel indicator involved in dyslipidemia. However, the relation between AIP and CAD in postmenopausal women remains unclear. We hypotheses that AIP is a strong predictive indicator of CAD in postmenopausal women. Methods: A propensity score matching case-control study including 348 postmenopausal CAD cases and 348 controls was conducted in the present study. Results: Compared with controls, CAD patients had higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (APOB), but lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein A-1 (APOA-1). The values of nontraditional lipid profiles, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index, AI), TC TGLDL/HDL-C (lipoprotein combine index, LCI), log(TG/HDL-C) (atherogenic index of plasma, AIP) and APOB/APOA-1 were all significantly higher in the CAD patients. The results of Pearson correlation analyses showed AIP was positively and significantly correlated with TC (r = 0.092, P < 0.001), TG (r = 0.775, P = 0.015), APOB (r = 0.140, P < 0.001), non-HDL-C (r = 0.295, P < 0.001), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.626, P < 0.001), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.469, P < 0.001), AI (r = 0.626, P < 0.001), LCI (r = 0.665, P < 0.001), APOB/APOA-1(r = 0.290, P < 0.001) and was negatively correlated with APOA-1 (r = - 0.278, P < 0.001) and HDL-C (r = - 0.665, P < 0.001). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent predictor of CAD. After adjusting for the traditional clinical prognostic factors including diabetes and hypertension, we found AIP could be an independent risk factor for CAD (odds ratio [OR], 3.290; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.842-5.877, P < 0.001). After adjusting for multiple clinical factors include diabetes, hypertension, smoking, heart ratio, fasting blood glucose, we found AIP also could a powerful risk factor, OR = 3.619, 95%CI (2.003-6.538), P < 0.001. Conclusion: The present study indicated that AIP might be a strong marker for predicting the risk of CAD in postmenopausal women. © 2018 The Author(s).
In vivo anti-hyperlipidemic activity of the triterpene from the stem bark of Protorhus longifolia (Benrh) Engl; Background: Hyperlipidemia, a metabolic disorder of lipids, is a well known risk factor of cardiovascular events and metabolic syndrome. In this study, the in vivo lipid-lowering activity of the triterpene (Methyl-3β-hydroxylanosta-9, 24-dien-21-oate), isolated from the stem bark of Protorhus longifolia, in high fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemic rats was investigated. Methods: Structure of the isolated compound was established and confirmed based on spectral (NMR, HRMS, IR) data analysis. Rats were divided into two groups; normal group (fed the normal commercial rats' chow) and the HFD group. After 21 days of experimental period on their respective diets, the HFD rats were sub-divided into 4 groups of six rats per group. Two of the HFD groups were orally treated with the triterpene (100 and 200 mg/kg body weight) for 15 days. At the end of the experimental periods, the rats were sacrificed and blood samples were collected for biochemical assays. Results: The results show that there were significant increases in total serum cholesterol (TC, 15.72 mmol/L) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c, 7.41 mmol/L) with a reduction in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c, 14.75 mmol/L) in HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats after 21 days. Oral administration of the triterpene (100 mg/kg.bw and 200 mg/kg.bw) for a period of 15 days resulted in significant lowering of the levels of TC (7.51 mmol/L) and LDL-c (4.46 mmol/L) with an increase in HDL-c (47.3 mmol/L) in HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Significant decrease in atherogenic index and coronary risk index by the triterpene was observed in HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Conclusions: The triterpene could effectively reduce or control the amount of serum cholesterol and LDL. It is apparent that the compound could contribute to new formulation with significant hypolipidemic effects. © 2014 Machaba et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
The potential influence of atherogenic dyslipidemia on the severity of chronic Chagas heart disease; Introduction: chronic Chagas heart disease (CCHD) is the most common manifestation of American Trypanosomiasis, causing about 50,000 deaths annually. Several factors bear correlation with the severity of CCHD. However, to our knowledge, the assessment on the contribution of major cardiovascular risk factors (CRF), such as hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidemia (AD) to CCHD severity is scarce, despite their well-established role in coronary artery disease, heart failure and stroke. Objective: to explore the potential relationship of blood pressure and AD with the clinical profile of patients with CCHD. Methods: we performed a cross-sectional study in T. cruzi seropositive patients categorized according to a standard CCHD classification. All individuals were subjected to complete clinical examination. Autoantibodies induced by T. cruzi were assessed by ELISA. Results: we observed that Atherogenic index (AI) levels rose significantly in relation to the severity of the CCHD stage, with CCHD III cases showing the highest values of AI. Furthermore, those patients with globally dilated cardiomyopathy with reduced ejection fraction showed higher levels of AI. In regard to autoantibodies, anti-B13 also showed relation with the severity of the disease. Conclusion: we observed that AI correlated with CCHD stages and contributed, in association with anti-B13 antibodies and age, to the prediction of systolic heart failure.
Does family history of obesity, cardiovascular, and metabolic diseases influence onset and severity of childhood obesity?; Objectives: The objectives were to evaluate (1) the metabolic profile and cardiometabolic risk in overweight/obese children at first assessment, stratifying patients according to severity of overweight and age; and (2) to investigate the relationship between family history (FH) for obesity and cardiometabolic diseases and severity of childhood obesity. Methods: In this cross-sectional, retrospective, observational study, 260 children (139 female), aged between 2.4 and 17.2 years, with overweight and obesity were recruited. Data regarding FH for obesity and cardiometabolic diseases were collected. Each patient underwent clinical and auxological examination and fasting blood sampling for metabolic profile. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and atherogenic index of plasma were calculated. To evaluate the severity of obesity, children were divided into two groups for BMI standard deviation (SD) ≤2.5 and BMI SD > 2.5. Moreover, study population was analyzed, dividing it into three groups based on the chronological age of patient ( < 8, 8-11, > 11 years). Results: BMI SD was negatively correlated with chronological age (p < 0.005) and significantly higher in the group of children < 8 years. BMI SD was positively associated with FH for obesity. Patients with more severe obesity (BMI SD > 2.5) were younger (p < 0.005), mostly prepubertal, presented a significantly higher HOMA-IR (p = 0.04), and had a significantly higher prevalence of FH for arterial hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and coronary heart disease than the other group. Conclusion: (1) Family history of obesity and cardiometabolic diseases are important risk factors for precocious obesity onset in childhood and are related to the severity of obesity. (2) Metabolic profile, especially HOMA-IR, is altered even among the youngest obese children at first evaluation. (3) Stratification of obesity severity, using BMI SD, is effective to estimate the cardiometabolic risk of patients. © 2018 Corica, Aversa, Valenzise, Messina, Alibrandi, De Luca and Wasniewska.
Anti-atherosclerotic activity of ethanolic extract of Chrysanthemum Indicum L. Flowers against high-fat diet-induced atherosclerosis in male Wistar rats; Objective: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the anti-atherosclerotic activity of ethanolic extract of Chrysanthemum indicum (EECI) flowers against high-fat diet induction in male Wistar rats. Methods: The method used for induction of atherosclerosis was high-fat diet for 28 days. Rats were divided into five groups (n=6). Group I served as normal. Group II serves as high-fat diet-treated group. Group III serves as standard treated with high-fat diet+atorvastatin (30 mg/kg, p.o). Group IV serves as low dose treated with high-fat diet+EECI (150 mg/kg, p.o.). Group V serves as high dose treated with high-fat diet+EECI (300 mg/kg, p.o.). The following parameters, glucose, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol (TC), very LDL (VLDL), triglycerides (TG), atherogenic index (AI), serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase, serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase, total protein, food consumption, and body weight, were evaluated and histopathological studies were performed. Results: The results showed that EECI at a dose of 150 mg/kg and 300 mg/kg exhibited significant decrease in glucose, TG, TC, LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL, VLDL, AI, and total protein levels when compared to high-fat diet group. This investigation reveals that the extract-treated groups lower the serum TC and LDL-C levels significantly, which reduces the risk of coronary heart disease. Conclusion: The experimental studies show that the EECI of both doses 150 mg/kg and 300 mg/kg, respectively, showed significant reduction in lipid profile, glucose, and total protein. From the study, the plant extract showed anti-atherosclerotic activity and thus authenticates its ethnomedicinal use. © 2017 The Authors.
Gender-and lesion number-dependent difference in "atherogenic index of plasma" in Chinese people with coronary heart disease; Few studies has investigated the interrelationship between Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and coronary heart disease (CHD) especially in Asians. AIP is the logarithmically transformed ratio of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and is thought to be associated with arteriosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Of the 463 patients from Central Hospital of Nanchong in 2011-2014 diagnosed with angiograms, 229 CHD (>50% stenosis in one or more arteries) and the rest 234 were the controls (maximum stenosis < 10% in any artery) according to the world health organization (who) diagnostic criteria. The multiple regression analysis showed that AIP was independently associated with CHD in men (odds ratio (OR) = 4.44, 95%CI 1.62-12.21, P = 0.004) after adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), fasting blood glucose(FBG), homocysteine (Hcy), and smoking, but not in women (OR = 0.47, 95%CI 0.11-2.08, P = 0.318). Subgroup analysis showed that the significant difference in AIP between the CHD and the controls only exists in patients with multi-vessel lesions but not in those with single-vessel lesion. Further large-scale studies with balanced sex ratio and vessel lesion numbers should verify the present findings. © 2017 The Author(s).
Cross-Tissue Regulatory Gene Networks in Coronary Artery Disease; Summary Inferring molecular networks can reveal how genetic perturbations interact with environmental factors to cause common complex diseases. We analyzed genetic and gene expression data from seven tissues relevant to coronary artery disease (CAD) and identified regulatory gene networks (RGNs) and their key drivers. By integrating data from genome-wide association studies, we identified 30 CAD-causal RGNs interconnected in vascular and metabolic tissues, and we validated them with corresponding data from the Hybrid Mouse Diversity Panel. As proof of concept, by targeting the key drivers AIP, DRAP1, POLR2I, and PQBP1 in a cross-species-validated, arterial-wall RGN involving RNA-processing genes, we re-identified this RGN in THP-1 foam cells and independent data from CAD macrophages and carotid lesions. This characterization of the molecular landscape in CAD will help better define the regulation of CAD candidate genes identified by genome-wide association studies and is a first step toward achieving the goals of precision medicine. © 2016 The Authors.
Hypocholesterolemic effects of Curcuma longa L. with Nelumbo nucifera leaf in an in vitro model and a high cholesterol diet-induced hypercholesterolemic mouse model; Hypercholesterolemia is one of the well-established risk factors for cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in coronary heart disease. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of different types of extracts (aqueous, 20%-, and 80% ethanol) of Nelumbo nucifera leaf (NL) and Curcuma Longa L. (CL) on hypercholesterolemia in in vitro and in vivo models. Our results in in vitro experiments showed that treatment with various extracts of both NL and CL dose-dependently inhibited lipid accumulation and total cholesterol content. The 20% ethanol extract of NL (NL20E) and the aqueous extract of CL (CLW) showed the highest activity. The in vivo experimental group was fed a high cholesterol diet (HCD) with oral administration of NL20E, CLW, or a mixture of NL20E with CLW (NC; mixed equal ratio) for 8 weeks. The oral administration of NL20E, CLW, and NC (100 or 300 mg/kg/day) resulted in the suppression of the levels of serum total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, liver lipid level, glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT), glutamic pyruvic transaminase (GPT), atherogenic index (AI), cardiac risk factor (CRF), cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP), HMG-CoA reductase, and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS). Similarly, the NL20E, CLW, and NC extracts elevated high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activity. Furthermore, NC showed a remarkable hypocholesterolemic effect by decreasing the levels of hepatic TC, AI, LDL cholesterol, HMG-CoA reductase, and CRE and by increasing the levels of HDL cholesterol. Thus, the results of this study indicate that the NC has combined hypocholesterolemic effects that block lipid accumulation, thus preventing hypercholesterolemia. © 2015, © 2015 Korean Society for Integrative Biology.
Left and right ventricular diastolic dysfunction in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis before prescribing disease-modifying antirheumatic therapy; Aim. To estimate the rate of diastolic dysfunction (DD) of the left and right ventricles (LV and RV) in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis (RA) before using disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) therapy and to investigate its association with traditional risk factors (TRFs) for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and inflammatory markers. Subjects and methods. The investigation enrolled 74 patients with a valid diagnosis of RA, including 56 (74%) women (median age, 54 years; disease duration, 7 months); the patients who were seropositive for rheumatoid factor (RF) (87%) and/or anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide (anti-CCP) antibodies (100%) who had not been on DMARDs or glucocorticosteroids. TRFs for CVD and carotid artery atherosclerosis were assessed from duplex scanning data and echocardiography was performed in all the patients with early RA before starting the therapy. The ratio of the maximum blood flow velocity during early diastolic filling (E) to that during atrial systole (A) was used as a criterion for LVDD and RVDD. There were 3 types of impaired ventricular filling: 1) E/A <1; 2) E/A = 1-2; 3) E/A >2. Results. LVDD and RVDD were detected in 35 (48%) and 17 (23%) patients, respectively. RVDD was recorded only in conjunction with LVDD. Among LVDD and RVDD, the former was prevalent. All the patients with early RA were divided into 3 groups: 1) patients with LVDD and RVDD; 2) those with LVDD; 3) those without ventricular DD. All the three groups were matched for the level of DAS28, anti-CCP antibodies, and RF. The incidence of arterial hypertension, dyslipidemia, and abdominal obesity was higher in the patients of Groups 1 and 2 than in those of Group 3. There was a progressive decrease in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations and increases in triglyceride (TG) levels and atherogenic index from Group 3 to Group 1, with the concentrations of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol being similar in the 3 groups. Coronary heart disease was recorded more frequently in Group 2 than in Group 3. Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) proved to be also significantly higher in the patients with DD than in those without DD. Correlations were found between LV E/A and ESR, CRP, HDL cholesterol, TG, RV E/A and ESR, DAS28, TG. Conclusion. The patients with early-stage RA were found to have high incidence rates of LVDD and RVDD, which is related to the high prevalence of CVD, the high spread of TRF for CVD, and the high activity of an inflammatory process.
Estradiol/testosterone imbalance: Impact on coronary heart disease risk factors in postmenopausal women; Objective: Several groups have reported the important role of the estradiol/testosterone (E 2/T) ratio in benign prostatic hyperplasia and cerebral vessels. However, there has been no study on the role of the E 2/T ratio in women with coronary heart disease (CHD). This study aimed to evaluate the association among the ratio of sex hormones and known risk factors of atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women with CHD. Methods: 114 controls and 124 postmenopausal women with CHD were selected for this study. Serum levels of estradiol, testosterone, aromatase, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), lipid-lipoprotein profile and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were determined. Results: Compared with the control, the E 2/T ratio decreased from 5.35 ± 2.78 to 3.88 ± 2.51 (p < 0.0001). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that the E 2/T ratio was negatively associated with total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and the atherogenic index of plasma, but positively associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) and HDL-c/LDL-c (for all, p < 0.0001). We found that there was a negative correlation between the E 2/T ratio and aromatase (r = -0.192, p = 0.032) and a positive correlation between aromatase and SHBG (r = 0.938). Conclusion: The balance of the serum E 2/T ratio was broken in the women with CHD, and an imbalanced E 2/T ratio showed a strong association with cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with CHD. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG.
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease; Objectives: The objective of this study is to develop an experimental model of hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance (IR), markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) using high fat and high sugar (HFHS) diet and to evaluate the efficacy of the model using atorvastatin, a known antihyperlipidemic drug, pioglitazone, a known insulin sensitizer, and Tinospora cordifolia (Tc), an antidiabetic plant. Materials and Methods: Following Institutional Animal Ethics Committee permission, the study was conducted in male Wistar rats (200-270 g). The model was developed using a high fat (vanaspati ghee: coconut oil, 3:1) oral diet along with 25% fructose (high sugar) added in drinking water over a period of 6 weeks. Atorvastatin (2.1 mg/kg/day), pioglitazone (2.7 mg/kg/day) and Tc (200 mg/kg/day) were administered 3 weeks after initiation of HFHS diet and continued for another 3 weeks. Parameters assessed were weight, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, insulin, and gastric emptying. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and catalase were assessed as markers of oxidative stress. Results: Administration of HFHS diet demonstrated a significant increase in blood glucose, insulin, total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides with a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Treatment with test drugs decreased blood sugar, insulin, lipid parameters, increased gastric emptying rate, decreased MDA levels, and catalase activity when compared to HFHS diet group, confirming the efficacy of the model. Atherogenic index of all the test drugs (0.48, 0.57, and 0.53) was significantly lower as compared to HFHS diet group (1.107). Conclusion: This study confirms the development of a diet based cost-effective and time efficient experimental model, which can be used to study two important markers of cardiovascular disease that is, hyperlipidemia and IR and to explore the efficacy of new molecules in CHD.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children with long-standing untreated idiopathic subclinical hypothyroidism; Context: Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH), defined as increased TSH serum levels and normal serum free T4 concentrations, has been associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease in adults. Data in children and adolescents are scanty. Objective: The objective of the study was to investigate the clinical and biochemical cardiovascular risk factors in children with mild SH (serum TSH concentrations 4.5-10 mU/L). Design and Setting: This is a cross-sectional and controlled study conducted at a tertiary referral center on patients with persistent idiopathic long-standing (3.2 ± 0.4 y) mild SH. At study entry patients and controls underwent a clinical and biochemical assessment for cardiovascular risk. Participants: Forty-nine children aged 8.5 ± 0.5 years with SH and 49 controls were enrolled in the study. Main Outcome Measure: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), waist to height ratio, lipid profile, homocysteine, high-sensitivity serum C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, adiponectin, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment index were measured. Results: Waist to height ratio (P<.0001), atherogenic index (P=.001), triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein- cholesterol ratio (P=.01), and homocysteine levels (P=.002) were significantly higher and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol significantly lower (P = .003) in SH subjects compared with controls. No significant differences were found in the other clinical and biochemical cardiovascular risk factors analyzed. Multivariate regression model revealed that BMI and thyroid status were the main independent factors affecting dependent variables. Even after an adjustment for BMI, most of the variables still remained significantly associated with mean TSH levels or SH duration. Conclusions: Mild long-lasting untreated idiopathic SH may be associated with subtle proatherogenic abnormalities. Although it is difficult to establish whether these mild abnormalities represent the early steps in the initiation of atherogenesis, these children need to be carefully monitored for metabolic complications. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society.
Effect of losartan in comparison with pioglitazone on atherogenic indices in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Atherogenic indices (AI) are strong markers for predicting the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease. Objective of this study was to compare the effect of losartan with pioglitazone on atherogenic indices in a on an animal model of diabetes. Methods: Forty five Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into three groups. All these rats, which were 5 weeks of age, were fed a diet high in fat and sucrose. Rats in groups HFD-PIO and HFD-LOS were given Pioglitazone or losartan respectively, along with this diet, while group HFD was kept as control. Every week body weight and fasting blood glucose levels were determined. Serum samples were obtained from all the animals at the end of 12 weeks and the lipid profile was determined using kit method and the Friedewald's formula. Atherogenic indices were calculated from their formulae. Results: Losartan showed an insignificant decrease in major atherogenic indices. However there was no statistical significance in results of atherogenic indices between losartan and pioglitazone Conclusion: Losartan may decrease the atherogenic potential, comparable to pioglitazone. © 2019 Lahore Medical And Dental College. All rights reserved.
Prognostic factors in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome concurrent with type 2 diabetes mellitus (according to the results of the registry); Aim. To investigate factors that influence annual prognosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome ((NSTEACS) concurrent with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). Subjects and methods. The registry of patients with NSTEACS (non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), unstable angina) included 415 patients, of them 335 had no carbohydrate metabolic disorders, 80 had DM2. The follow-up period, during which the prognosis was evaluated in the patients, was one year after hospital discharge following the index NSTEACS event. Lipidogram readings and the serum levels of endothelin-1 (ET-1), sP-selectin, sE-selectin, and sPECAM were determined on day 10 after admission to hospital. All the patients underwent coronary angiography (CA), Doppler ultrasound of peripheral arteries during their hospital stay. Results. The patients with DM2 versus those without diabetes proved to be significantly older and to have a higher body mass index; among them there were more women, they were noted to have more frequently hypertension and less frequently smoked. The presence of DM2 was associated with significantly increased intima-media thickness and higher GRACE scores (p=0.013) as compared to those in the patients with normal carbohydrate metabolism. There were significant differences in high-density lipoprotein levels that were lower, as well as in triglyceride levels and atherogenic index, which were higher in patients with DM2 than in those without this condition. In addition, there were significant differences in ET-1, sP-selectin, sE-selectin, and sPECAM levels that were significantly higher in the DM2 group. Moreover, the levels of ET-1 and sPECAM were above normal in both the DM and non-DM2 groups. Assessment of poor outcomes at one year of the observation established that cardiovascular mortal ity rates were significantly higher and coronary angiography was performed much less frequently in the DM2 group. The most significant prognostic factors associated with a poor prognosis were as follows: multifocal atherosclerosis, reduced left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) less than 51%, and increased ET-1 levels more than 0.87 fmol/ml. Conclusion. The register-based study has shown that the presence of DM2 statistically significantly increases cardiovascular mortality rates during a year after the index ACS event; the patients of this category are less commonly referred for CA for the estimation of the degree of coronary bed lesion. The most important factors of recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with DM2 within a year after prior ACS are multifocal atherosclerosis, reduced myocardial contractility (LVEF less than 51%), and increased vasospastic endothelial function (an increase in ET-1 levels more than 0.87 fmol/ml).
Erectile dysfunction associated with cardiovascular risk factors; Objectives: To determine the prevalence of erectile dysfunction (ED) in patients with cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) and to evaluate the incidence of this disorder according to the degree of control of CVRF. Methodology: Participants were recruited in the health centers included in this study. A sample size with 95% confidence level and an alpha error of 0.005 was calculated and 210 persons were selected, of which 30 could not complete the study for various reasons (change of address, death, refusal to complete the questionnaire, etc.).A previously designed data collection sheet and the SHIM and LISAT-8 questionnaires were completed at interview.The study design was observational, descriptive, analytical cross-sectional. Qualitative variables are shown as exact values and as percentages and qualitative variables as means and standard deviation (SD).Comparison among means was performed using Student's t-test for independent samples or the Mann-Whitney U-test if the conditions of normality (application of the Kolmogorov-Smirnoff or Shapiro-Wilks' test) were not met. For qualitative variables, the chi-square test was used. Results: Of the 210 persons selected, 179 (85.2%) completed the survey correctly. The mean age was 64.5 ± 11.6 years. Analysis of all the study variables in relation to the main variable of the presence or absence of ED revealed that age played a major role, with the incidence of ED increasing with greater age.ED was significantly associated with the atherogenic index and with this variable recodified in high or low atherogenic risk (P< .04). Diabetic diseases, hypertension and dyslipidemia were not significantly associated with the presence of ED separately but a significant association was found when these diseases were associated, due to the increase in cardiovascular risk, according to the Framingham tables. The duration of each disease was not significantly associated with the presence of ED. No significant differences were found in the presence of ED according to the drugs used for the treatment of these three diseases.Coronary risk calculated according to Framingham tables, as well as excess risk (the difference between coronary risk and mean risk assigned to each age group), showed a statistically significant association with the presence of ED.The drugs used to treat cardiovascular risk factors showed a nearly statistically significant association with the presence of ED (P< .07).In this study, the LISAT-8 questionnaire demonstrated that ED affected health-related quality of life, showing a significant association with the items of sexual life and economic position, and was nearly significantly associated with the items of life in general and occupational life. Conclusions: The prevalence of ED is high in patients with high cardiovascular risk, indicating the need for better control of CVRF, which would undoubtedly improve this disorder. The presence of multiple diseases in these patients requires careful evaluation of the need for intensive polymedication, which undoubtedly increases the risk of ED. © 2011 Elsevier España, S.L. and SEA.
Serum PCSK9 levels, but not PCSK9 polymorphisms, are associated with CAD risk and lipid profiles in southern Chinese Han population; Background: Genetic and environment factors affect the occurrence and development of coronary artery disease (CAD). Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), has been investigated extensively in the field of lipid metabolism and CAD. We performed this case-control study to investigate the relationship between serum PCSK9 levels and PCSK9 polymorphisms and lipid levels and CAD risk in a southern Chinese population. Methods: A hospital-based case-control study with 1, 096 subjects, including 626 CAD patients and 470 controls, were conducted. Genotyping of PCSK9 polymorphisms was performed using polymerase chain reaction-ligase detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method. Results: The frequencies of the AA, AG and GG genotypes of PCSK9 E670G polymorphism were 90.58, 9.27, and 0.16% in the CAD patients, compared with 88.72, 10.85 and 0.43% in the controls, respectively. No R46L variant was detected in this population. There were no significant differences in genotype and allele frequencies of PCSK9E670G polymorphism between the CAD group and the controls. Serum lipid levels were not significantly different in carriers with the G allele and those with the AA genotype. The median (QR) of PCSK9 concentration was 1205.00 ng/l (577.28-1694.13 ng/l) in cases and 565.87 ng/l (357.17-967.50 ng/l) in controls, respectively. Compared with controls, CAD patients had significantly higher PCSK9 levels (z = 4.559, P < 0.001). After adjusting for age, gender, essential hypertension, diabetic mellitus, smoking and lipid profiles, PCSK9 levels remain significantly associated with increased CAD susceptibility (OR = 1.002, 95% CI = 1.001-1.002, P < 0.001). The correlation analyses showed that serum PCSK9 levels were positively associated with triglyceride (TG), Apo B and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) levels in controls. No significant association between the PCSK9 E670G polymorphism and serum PCSK9 levels was observed in the CAD group and the controls. Conclusions: The present study shows that serum PCSK9 levels, but not PCSK9 polymorphisms, are associated with CAD risk in Southern Chinese Han population, and that serum PCSK9 levels are positively associated with AIP. © 2018 The Author(s).
AIP Conference Proceedings; The proceedings contain 50 papers. The topics discussed include: toxicity and biocompatibility profile of 3d bone scaffold developed by Universitas Indonesia: a preliminary study; palm kernel oil-based polyurethane film: biocompatibility and antibacterial activity studies; effect of freezing temperature in thermally induced phase separation method in hydroxyapatite/chitosan-based bone scaffold biomaterial; development of iPS (induced pluripotent stem cells) using natural product from extract of fish oocyte to provide stem cell for regenerative therapy; collagen-chitosan scaffold lauric acid plasticizer for skin tissue engineering on burn cases; effect of chitosan molecular weight and composition on mucoadhesive properties of mangostin-loaded chitosan-alginate microparticles; characterization of polylactic coglycolic acid nanospheres modified with PVA and DDAB; interaction between dimethyldioctadecylammonium bromide-modified PLGA microspheres and hyaluronic acid; experimental investigation on phase change materials as heating element for nonelectric neonatal incubator; bringing forward the new generation of alkoxythiourea as potential treatment for acanthamoeba keratitis; insights into the prominent effect of mahanimbine on acanthamoeba castellanii: cell profiling analysis based on microscopy techniques; and levels of interleukin-1β in gingival crevicular fluid in patients with coronary heart disease and its relationship to periodontal status.
Association between blood lipid profile and blood glucose levels in men with coronary heart disease, metabolic syndrome, and Type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aim: To study the associations between blood lipid profile and blood glucose levels in men with coronary heart disease (CHD), stable effort angina (SEA), metabolic syndrome (MS), and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM-2).; Results: There were positive (direct) associations between higher levels (>90th percentile) of lipid profile parameters (TCH, TG, LDL-CH, VLDL-CH, HDL-CH, AI, TGI) and blood glucose, as well as between lower levels (≤10th percentile) of lipid profile parameters (TCH, TG, LDL-CH, VLDL-CH, AI, TGI) and blood glucose. At the same time, there were negative (inverse) associations between lower lipid levels (≤10th percentile of TCH, TG, LDL-CH, VLDL-CH, HDL-CH, AI, TGI) and higher glucose levels (>90th percentile), as well as between higher lipid levels (>90th percentile of TCH, TG, LDL-CH, VLDL-CH, HDL-CH, AI, TGI) and lower glucose levels (≤10th percentile).; Conclusion: Dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia demonstrate synergetic proatherogenic effects in patients with CHD, SEA, MS, and DM-2, as suggested by significant heterogeneous (direct and inverse) associations between lipid profile parameters and fasting blood glucose. The results obtained provide an opportunity for the assessment of risk levels, prognosis, and need for pharmacological prevention and treatment in patients with combined cardiovascular pathology.; Material and methods: The study included 82 men (mean age 50,5±0,9 years) with CHD, Functional Class I-III SEA, MS, and DM-2. The following lipid profile parameters were assessed: total cholesterol (TCH), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-CH), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-CH), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-CH), atherogenic index (AI), and triglyceride index (TGI), together with fasting blood glucose.
Atherogenic risk assessment among persons living in rural Uganda; Background. Hypertension and dyslipidemia are independent risk factors for coronary heart disease and commonly coexist. Cardiovascular risk can be reliably predicted using lipid ratios such as the atherogenic index, a useful prognostic parameter for guiding timely interventions. Objective. We assessed the cardiovascular risk profile based on the atherogenic index of residents within a rural Ugandan cohort. Methods. In 2011, a population based survey was conducted among 7507 participants. Sociodemographic characteristics, physical measurements (blood pressure, weight, height, and waist and hip circumference), and blood sampling for nonfasting lipid profile were collected for each participant. Atherogenic risk profile, defined as logarithm base ten of (triglyceride divided by high density lipoprotein cholesterol), was categorised as low risk (<0.1), intermediate risk (0.1-0.24), and high risk (>0.24). Results. Fifty-five percent of participants were female and the mean age was 49.9 years (S D ± 20.2). Forty-two percent of participants had high and intermediate atherogenic risk. Persons with hypertension, untreated HIV infection, abnormal glycaemia, and obesity and living in less urbanised villages were more at risk. Conclusion. A significant proportion of persons in this rural population are at risk of atherosclerosis. Key identified populations at risk should be considered for future intervention against cardiovascular related morbidity and mortality. The study however used parameters from unfasted samples that may have a bearing on observed results. © 2016 Clara Wekesa et al.
Comparative characteristics of risk factors as predictors of coronary heart disease in women during an epidemiological and clinical examination; Aim. To analyze main risk factors (RF) according to the epidemiological and clinical study and to determine the predictors of the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) in women Material and methods. The study included 200 women with CAD who were divided into 2 groups: I-epidemiological and II-clinical (99 and 101 patients respectively). For verification of CAD, patients were provided with a full range of epidemiological and clinical-instrumental studies. Results. It was shown that relative risk (RR) mean values (1-2) were in BMI, abdominal obesity, arterial hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) and HDL-hypocholesterolemia. Its higher values are for hypercholesterolemia (RR=1,2), atherogenic index (RR=1,4) and LDL-hypercholesterolemia (RR=1,5). As for additional RF, the RR for estradiol was 1,2. The highest RR was for progesterone, reaching 3,5 and for testosterone - 2,8. Conclusion. We determined that if among the traditional RF there are no independent predictors of CAD, specialists in clinical practice can primarily use hormones (progesterone and testosterone). © 2019 Vserossiiskoe Obshchestvo Kardiologov. All rights reserved.
Inhibition of pancreatic lipase, α-glucosidase, α-amylase, and hypolipidemic effects of the total flavonoids from Nelumbo nucifera leaves; Ethnopharmacological relevance Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn. leaves have been used as medicinal herbs in the past 1300 years, specifically utilized to cure hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, and obesity. It has been recorded in the most famous medicinal book in China for more than 400 years. The present study aims to identify the potential therapeutic activities of the flavonoids isolated from Nelumbo nucifera leaves. Materials and methods Nelumbo nucifera leaf flavonoids (NLF) were tested for the inhibition of lipase, α-glucosidase, and α-amylase activities in vitro. A single dose of NLF was administered by oral gavage in mice for acute toxicity. Wistar rats with high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia and two other animal models were used to evaluate the hypolipidemic effects of NLF. Results Our in vitro biochemistry tests revealed that the NLF showed high inhibitory activity against porcine pancreatic lipase, α-amylase, and α-glucosidase with IC50 values of 0.38±0.022, 2.20±0.18, and 1.86±0.018 mg/mL, respectively. Furthermore, the NLF significantly lowered the lipid components, such as the total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and malondialdehyde, in various established in vivo systems and raised the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Moreover, the NLF alleviated high-fat diet-induced lipid accumulation in the liver. Conclusions The results demonstrate that NLFs can effectively ameliorate hyperlipidemia and inhibit the key enzymes related to type 2 diabetes mellitus. Our findings may provide new pharmacological basis for the treatment of hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, and obesity using NLFs. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Features of the lipid profile of indigenous and nonindigenous population of the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of senior age groups with coronary heart disease; 351 patients from senior age groups (elderly, senile age, and long-living persons) of indigenous and nonindigenous population with coronary heart disease were investigated. Atherogenous and antiatherogenous levels of blood lipids in representatives of the nonindigenous population were shown to be higher than in indigenous ones. Body weight index in long-living persons is lower at 23.34 ± 2.05 (p < 0.001), while the levels of high-density lipoproteins, low-density lipoproteins, and very-low-density lipoproteins and triacylglycerol in relation to the elderly and to persons of senile age are higher. Women demonstrated a higher body weight index (26.63 ± 3.96 (p < 0.05)) and higher levels of cholesterol (5.32 ± 1.07 mmol/l (p < 0.001)), low-density lipoproteins (3.76 ± 1.04 mmol/l (p < 0.001)), high-density lipoproteins (0.98 ± 0.33 mmol/l (p < 0.05)), and very-low-density lipoproteins, as well as elevated levels of triacylglycerol and the atherogenic index. Ethnic, gender, and age distinctions in levels of blood lipids for patients with coronary heart disease of elderly and senile age, as well as long-living persons living in various regions of the Sakha Republic (Yakutia), are identified. © Pleiades Publishing, Ltd., 2011.
High conjugated linoleic acid enriched ghee (clarified butter) increases the antioxidant and antiatherogenic potency in female Wistar rats; Background: Hypercholesterolemia and oxidative stress are the main stimulating factors responsible for coronary artery disease and progression of atherosclerosis. Dairy food products are rich in conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) which is considered as an important component due to its potential health benefits such as anticarcinogenic, antiatherogenic, antidiabetic and antiadipogenic properties. In the present study, the effect of CLA enriched ghee on the antioxidant enzyme system and antiatherogenic properties in Wistar rats has been studied. Methods. Female Wistar rats of 21 days were taken for the study and fed with soybean diet (Control diet), low CLA diet and high CLA ghee diet (treatments) for thirty five days for studying antioxidative enzymes and sixteen weeks in case of antiatherogenic studies. Results: Feeding of high CLA enhanced ghee during pubescent period in rats lead to an increase in catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) enzyme activities in blood and increased CAT, SOD and glutathione transferase (GST) enzymes activities in liver by 27, 130 and 168 percent, respectively. Plasma nitrate concentration and Haemoglobin levels remained the same in all the treatments. Feeding of high CLA ghee resulted in lower (P < 0.01) plasma cholesterol & triglyceride level (52.17 and 30.27%), and higher high density lipoproteins (33.26%) than feeding of soybean oil (control group) and thus manifested in decreased (P < 0.05) atherogenic index (from 0.472 to 0.244). Lesser cholesterol and triglyceride levels were observed in the liver and aorta of high CLA fed rats than in those of the other groups. Histopathological studies of liver showed normal hepatic cords with portal triad in the high CLA ghee fed rats whereas fatty degeneration of hepatocytes containing fat vacuoles was observed in the liver of the other groups. Conclusion: This paper is the first report of the antioxidant and antiatherogenic properties of the high CLA enriched ghee suggesting that high CLA ghee can be used as a potential food for decreasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases, particularly in India, where, ghee is widely used for culinary and medicinal purposes. © 2013 Chinnadurai et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Activity of serum paraoxonase 1, lipid profile and atherogenic indexes in diabetic induced rats treated with alpha lipoic acid; Background: Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) is an enzyme attached to high density lipoprotein (HDL-C) which has antioxidant and anti-atherogenic activities. Objectives: In this study, we investigated the effects of alpha lipoic acid on PON1 activity, lipid profile and atherogenic index as well as correlation between PON1 activities and HDL-C in diabetic rats. Materials and Methods: Thirty adult male rats were distributed in three experimental groups in this study. Control (group I), diabetic (group II) and diabetic animals treated with alpha lipoic acid (group III) group. Diabetes mellitus was induced in rats in groups II and III by a single dose of alloxan monohydrate (100 mg/kg; subcutaneous) and then treatment was performed with administration of alpha lipoic acid (100 mg/kg intraperitoneally) in group III for 6 weeks. Blood samples were collected from animals to measure the levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL-C), HDL-C, PON1 activity and correlation the between HDL-C and atherogenic index by PON1. Results: Statistical analysis showed that alpha lipoic acid significantly (P < 0.05) inhibited the increase of TG, TC, LDL-C, VLDL, atherogenic index, atherogenic coefficient (AC), and cardiac risk ratio (CRR) when compared to diabetic rats in group II. HDL-C level was increased by alpha lipoic acid. The activity of PON1 was significantly (P < 0.05) decreased in diabetic rats and treatment with alpha lipoic acid increased the PON1 activity. Moreover, the activity of PON1 correlated positively with HDL-C and negatively with AC, CRP 1 and CRP2. Conclusions: This study demonstrated that the administration of alpha lipoic acid can improve PON1 activity, lipid metabolism, atherogenic index and is able to reduce the risk of coronary artery diseases and atherosclerosis in diabetic rats. © 2018 The Author(s).
Evaluation of association between atherogenic index of plasma and intima-media thickness of the carotid artery for subclinic atherosclerosis in patients on maintenance hemodialysis; Incidence of cardiovascular diseases in the patients having chronic kidney disease (CKD) is between 25% and 60%. This increased rate is proposed to be associated with "accelerated atherosclerosis." Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a subclinical atherosclerosis marker. Small-dense low-density lipoprotein particles are a strong risk factor for atherosclerosis. It was shown that atherogenic index of plasma (AIP = log(TG/HDL-c)) is correlated with size of the lipoprotein particles. We investigated the correlation between AIP and CIMT which is a subclinical atherosclerosis marker, in hemodialysis (HD) patients. A total of 62 persons with 31 patients under HD therapy and 31 volunteers were included in the study. In all the participants, CIMT was measured and AIP were calculated. AIP and CIMT values of the participants were compared with blood pressures, lipid profiles and the other risk factors. AIP (0.39±0.32) and CIMT (0.57±0.13) were found significantly higher in the patient group than in the controls (0.04±0.36 and 0.45±0.119, respectively); (P = 0.0001 and 0.0001, respectively). There was a significant correlation between AIP and increased CIMT in the patient group (P = 0.0001, r = 0.430). Among the lipid parameters, the strongest correlation was found between CIMT and AIP. We demonstrated the significant increase of AIP and CIMT in HD patients. A correlation was found between AIP and CIMT. AIP was found to show a correlation with a greater number of risk factors, both classical and CKD specific, than CIMT. These data suggest that AIP might be a method which can be used both in diagnosis of subclinical atherosclerosis and in deceleration processes of its progression. © 2013 The Authors. Hemodialysis International © 2013 International Society for Hemodialysis.
β-caryophyllene reduces atherogenic index and coronary risk index in hypercholesterolemic rats: The involvement of cardiac oxidative damage; Hypercholesterolemia and cardiac oxidative damage have been implicated in the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis. In earlier studies, treatment using natural phytocannabinoid β-caryophyllene caused a hypolipemic effect, as well as ameliorated hepatic oxidative damage. In this regard, the present study aimed to investigate whether β-caryophyllene treatment was able to protect the cardiac tissue against hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis, and to investigate the involvement of antioxidant mechanisms in this effect using a model of hypercholesterolemia induced by Triton WR-1339. The hypercholesterolemic animals exhibited a significant increase in the cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA) contents in cardiac tissue, as well as showed significant increase on atherogenic index (AI) and coronary risk index (CRI). Moreover, cardiac levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were increased in hypercholesterolemic animals, while the glutathione reduced (GSH) levels and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity were decreased. β-caryophyllene treatment reduced the cardiac lipid content, as well as decreased the AI and CRI. Moreover, the treatment was able to improve the antioxidant/oxidant status in heart tissue of hypercholesterolemic animals. In summary, β-caryophyllene possesses antioxidant properties, preventing lipidic oxidative damage and ameliorating the GPx activity, an important enzyme linked to the prevention of atherosclerosis. Thus, this compound can be used as an attempt to prevent or reduce atherosclerosis in hypercholesterolemic rats. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Increased peripheral proinflammatory t helper subsets contribute to cardiovascular complications in diabetic patients; Background. Coronary atherosclerotic heart disease (CHD) is one of the major concerns in type 2 diabetes (T2D). The systemic chronic inflammation has been postulated to bridge the increased risk of cardiovascular disease and T2D. We formulated that increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets contributed to the development of cardiovascular complications in diabetic patients. Methods. The frequencies of peripheral total CD4+ T helper cells, proinflammatory Th1, Th17, and Th22 subsets were determined by flow cytometry in diabetic patients with or without CHD (n = 42 and 67, resp.). Results. Both peripheral frequencies and total numbers of Th1, Th17, and Th22 cells were further increased in diabetic patients with CHD. Logistic regression and categorical cross-table analysis further confirmed that increased proinflammatory Th subsets, especially Th22, were independent risk factors of cardiovascular complication in diabetes. Elevated Th subsets also correlated with increased CRP levels and the atherogenic index of plasma. Moreover, Th1 frequency and Th22 numbers demonstrated remarkable potential in predicting CHD in diabetes. Conclusions. Increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets act in concert and contribute to the increased prevalence of diabetic cardiovasculopathy. The recently identified Th22 cells might play an independent role in CHD and represent a novel proxy for cardiovascular risks in diabetes. © 2014 Ru-xing Zhao et al.
Physical examination data of patients with previous schistosome infection and its relationship with hepatic adipose infiltration and coronary heart disease; Objective To find the health status of patients with previous schistosome infection, also to research the relationship between previous schistosome infection and hepatic adipose infiltration, coronary heart disease and other diseases. Methods Among the more than 60 000 people with physical examination in East China Sanatorium, 272 people with previous schistosome infection were selected for the study. Computer- generated random numbers were used to select 277 people from the physical examination personnel during the same period at a ratio of 1∶100 as the control group. The medical history, color Doppler ultrasound, and laboratory results of the study subjects were collected. The association of previous schistosome infection and hepatic adipose infiltration, coronary heart disease were analyzed with the logistic regression methods. Results There were 26 cases of fatty liver disease and 5 cases of coronary heart disease in the previous schistosome infection group, and 119 cases and 14 cases in the control group respectively (P<0.05). In the previous schistosome infection group, the TG, AIP, FBG and platelet levels were (1.28±0.67) mmol/L, (-0.08±0.27), (5.82±1.19) mmol/L and (182.01± 49.20) ×109/L, lower than the control group (1.79±1.26) mmol/L, (0.11± 0.30), (6.09± 1.63) mmol/L, and (199.22± 47.03) ×109/L (P<0.05). In previous schistosome infection group, HDL-C was (1.42±0.35)mmol/L, total bilirubin was (14.59±5.08) μmol/L, higher than the control group（1.22±0.34）mmol/L and（13.26±4.38）μmol/L (P<0.05). Conclusions The prevalence of hypertension and diabetes in the patients with previous schistosome infection was similar to those of the same age group. Previous schistosome infection was negatively correlated with mild hepatic adipose infiltration and coronary heart disease. © 2019 Science Press (China).
Evaluation of antihyperlipidemic activity of HMG-Co a reductase inhibitor and curcumin in combination on diet induced hyperlipidemic rats; Hyperlipidemia a well known risk factor for cardiovascular disease, especially atherosclerotic coronary artery disease is one of the major cause of premature death globally. Cholesterol feeding has been often used to elevate serum or tissue cholesterol levels to assess hypercholesterolemia-related metabolic disturbances in different animal models. Hyperlipidemia was induced in rats by giving high cholesterol diet for seven days in standard rat chow diet. High cholesterol fed diet rats exhibited significant increase in total serum cholesterol, triglycerides, low density lipoprotein, very low density lipoprotein, atherogenic index and lipid per-oxidation and significant decrease in high density lipoprotein. The CCl4-induced hepatotoxicity model is extensively used to evaluate the hepatoprotective effects of drugs and extracts. In this study we diagnosed the different liver function parameter like, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC) in serum by using kits. Also other diagnosed parameters such as low density lipoprotein (LDLC), atherogenic index, very low density lipoprotein (VLDL-C), HDL-C ratio and lipid per-oxidation (LPO). From obtained result it was observed that keeping the animal on atherogenic diet model (AD) significantly increased the TC, TG, LDL-C level in serum as compared to rats on normal diet. When AD was co-administered with curcumin and rosuvastatin in combination, the elevated levels of TC, TG and LDL-C and LPO condition has shown considerable decline. It was noted that TC, TG and LDL-C lowering activity of curcumin (300mg/kg) and rosuvastatin in combination was more significant as compared to curcumin and simvastatin.
Regular physical activity as a basic component of lifestyle modification reduces major cardiovascular risk factors among male armored force personnel of Shabestar army installation in Iran; Objectives: Cardiovascular/Coronary Heart Disease (CVD) is a leading cause of disability and death worldwide. The most important risk factors for CVD are well-established and are strongly influenced by lifestyle changes. Clearly, physical activity has been shown to be extremely important in reducing the burden of this disease. The aim of this case-control study was to examine the association between intensity of activities and CVD risk factors in healthy military personnel. Participants: Two group of subjects (active [engaging in three session of field exercises/week] =50, and inactive [with no experience of field exercise]=50) were classified by a questionnaire containing demographic, health history, type and level of physical activity, and employment information. Methods: Anthropometric indices, lipid-lipoprotein profile, arterial pressures, and fasting blood glucose were assessed. Independent sample t-tests were used for comparison. Results: Physically active subjects had significantly (≤ 0.05) lower measures of body mass indices (except height), lower levels of total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides (TG), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (S/DBP), risk factor (TC/HDL ratio), atherogenic index (LDL/HDL ratio), and higher levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL-C). Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was normal in both groups. Conclusions: To reduce the risk factors of developing CVD and preventing its progression significantly, it clearly serves to underscore the beneficial properties of physical activity and to promote its effectiveness as a support for healthier lifestyles in the community and particularly among military personnel. The findings of this study substantiate the need for physical exercise to reduce signs and symptoms associated with CVD risk, even among a young, healthy, generally active population. Further, that these results would appear to corroborate the concept of increasing physical activity, including aerobic activity, as a preventative measure. © 2011 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
High sensitive C-reactive protein (HsCRP) as a cardiovascular risk factor in hypertensive Nigerians.; The objective of this study is to determine the effect of plasma high sensitivity C-reactive protein (HsCRP) levels on hypertensive and apparently healthy normotensive Nigerians in the management of hypertension. This is a preliminary study; a study involving larger numbers of normotensives and hypertensives is in progress. Subjects and methods: Plasma C-reactive protein level was determined in 150 hypertensive patients mean age 46.8±8.2 years and 30 apparently healthy normotensive individuals mean age 38.8 ±13.2years using the enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) technique. The hypertensive subjects had significantly higher body mass index (BMI) (p-value < 0.05) than the normotensive subjects (BMI=28.34 ±4.40kg/m2 Vs. 25.79±2.91kg/m2). The hypertensive subjects also had significantly higher C- reactive protein values (0.18 ± 0.1mg/dL Vs 0.08±0.04 mg/dL) (p-value < 0.0001). Among the hypertensive subjects, there was no significant difference in the level of C-reactive protein between the males and the females (0.17±0.10 mg/dL Vs 0.20±0.09 mg/dL). In the hypertensive patients, CRP positively correlated with atherogenic index (r = 0.551, p < 0.05) and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk (r= 0.589, p < 0.05). However, in normotensive patients, CRP was positively correlated with atherogenic index (r = 0.492, p < 0.01) but negatively correlated with CHD risk (r = -0.475, p < 0.01). These results show that the plasma concentrations of HsCRP in hypertensive subjects were significantly higher than those of the normotensive subjects and HsCRP positively correlated with atherogenic index and CHD risk in hypertensive Nigerians.
Lipid levels in neuropsychiatric disorders; Lipids are essential components of the membranes of neurons and astrocytes and play an important role in the development and regulation of synaptic function and plasticity. Lipids regulate physical and electrical properties of neuronal cell membranes, including expression and function of membrane-associated proteins (transporters, receptors), which are targets for neuropsychotropic drugs. A number of studies suggested that various neuropsychiatric disorders and different treatment response in neuropsychiatric patients might be associated with altered brain and serum lipid levels. Since these findings are inconsistent and often contradictory, the role of lipids in the etiology and treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders is still unclear. Some data imply that the aberration of lipid homeostasis could be the risk factor for Alzheimer's disease (AD). Lower serum lipids i.e. triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels were found in patients with AD than in healthy elderly subjects. The association between low serum cholesterol and LDL-C levels and cognitive decline during the progress of AD suggests that increased lipid levels could play the protective role in develop of AD. The pathophysiology of mental disorders might be also related to alterations in lipid levels. Lower HDL-C values were found in patients in depressive and manic phase of bipolar disorder (BP) and major depression (MDD), and lower cholesterol levels were found in suicidal psychotic patients, while higher TG levels were found in patients with BP than in control subjects. The results imply that altered atherogenic index (cholesterol/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C ratios) and inverse relationship between HDL-C and TG levels could be the hallmark of affective disorders, while lower cholesterol levels are related to suicidal behavior. The altered lipid profile suggests also that patients with BP and MDD are at higher risk for the development of coronary heart disease. Lipids are shown to interact with serotonergic system, while mental disorders have been connected to alterations in both, serotonergic and lipid system. It has been shown that the increase in platelet serotonin concentrations and decrease in serum cholesterol and LDL-C levels could be the characteristic features of psychotic subtype in patients in a manic phase of BP. The effects of serotonin are regulated by several types of its receptors. Pharmacological and genetic research suggest the relationship between lipid profile and serotonergic type 1B (5-HT1B), 2A (5-HT2A) and 2C (5-HT2C) receptors. In agreement, serum cholesterol levels were associated with 5-HT1B receptor gene polymorphism in healthy subjects. The data on the association between the treatment response to antidepressants and lipid profile are scarce and inconsistent. It has been shown that this relationship depends of the structural and functional characteristics of antidepressant dugs. Baseline total cholesterol, TG and LDL-C levels were higher in nonresponders than in responders to paroxetine (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor), but not to tianeptine (serotonin reuptake enhancer) acute treatment in non-suicidal patients with MDD. Further studies are needed to confirm and extend the findings that altered lipid profile could play a significant role in the pathogenesis, progress and treatment response in various neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2013 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
A computational fluid-structure interaction model for plaque vulnerability assessment in atherosclerotic human coronary arteries; Coronary artery disease is responsible for a third of global deaths worldwide. Computational simulations of blood flow can be used to understand the interactions of artery/plaque and blood in coronary artery disease and to better predict the rupture of atherosclerotic plaques. So far, the mechanical properties of animals' coronary artery have been mostly used for hemodynamic simulation of atherosclerotic arteries. The mechanical properties of animals' coronary arteries are often not accurate enough and can be only used for an approximate estimation and comparative assessment of the cognate parameters in human. In this study, a three-dimensional (3D) computational fluid-structure interactions model with three different plaque types is presented to perform a more accurate plaque vulnerability assessment for human atherosclerotic plaques. The coronary arteries of twenty-two male individuals were removed during autopsy and subjected to uniaxial tensile loading. The hyperelastic material coefficients of coronary arteries were calculated and implemented to the computational model. The fully coupled fluid and structure models were solved using the explicit dynamics finite element code LS-DYNA. The normal and shear stresses induced within the plaques were significantly affected by different plaque types. The highest von Mises (153 KPa) and shear (57 KPa) stresses were observed for hypocellular plaques, while the lowest von Mises (70 KPa) and shear (39 KPa) stresses were observed on the stiffer calcified plaques. The results suggest that the risk of plaque rupture due to blood flow is lower for cellular and hypocellular plaques, while higher for calcified plaques with low fracture stresses. © 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.
Prognostic value of some cardiovascular risk factors in cosmonauts; A 10-year follow-up study was focused on comparison of risk factors of atherosclerosis and damage to target-organs in a group of 40 to 65 year-old cosmonauts and volunteers within the same age range. It was shown that incidence of supraventricular extrasystoles in the groups increased with aging by 85 and 80 % respectively, inferring the risk of supraventricular tachyarrythmias. The primary predictors of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease (CAD) in cosmonauts are decreased endothelium-dependent vasodilation in the right brachial artery, C-reactive protein (hsCRP) level > 2 mg/l, and high atherogenic index. These CAD predictors must be of particular concern during medical screening of candidates to cosmonauts. © State Research Center RF - Institute of Biomedical Problems Russian Academy of Sciences, 2016.
Lipid profile in subfertile clients with premature ovarian failure: University of Ilorin teaching hospital experience; Background: Premature Ovarian Failure (POF) is associated with a higher incidence of cardiovascular events later in life. Concurrent with the ages of menopausal transition, a shift in lipid profile takes place. The increased burden may be mediated by a worsening of cardiovascular risk factors, such as lipids, corresponding with the loss of ovarian function. Aim and Objectives: To investigate serum lipid and hormonal levels in women with premature ovarian failure and compare with those of apparently healthy women of similar age. Material and Methods: The study was a cross-sectional one in which serum fasting Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C) and Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (LDL-C) levels were measured in 50 women with POF and compared with 40 age matched control. Serum hormonal profiles were compared with lipid profiles and biomarkers of atherogenic index were assessed. Results: Women with POF present with statistically significant elevations in the mean values of serum FSH and LH, when compared with those of controls (p<0.001), while there were significant decrease in mean levels of serum prolactin, progesterone, testosterone and oestradiol when subjects were compared with controls (p<0.001). There were statistically significant elevations in serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-C and LDL-C, in premature ovarian failure subjects when compared with controls (p<0.001). There was statistically significantly difference when mean values of artherogenic index and Castelli ratio II of subjects were compared with those of controls. Conclusion: Loss of ovarian function at a very young age (POF) was characterized with subtle changes in the serum lipid profile (higher TC, TG, HDL-C, and LDL-C levels). It also shows that atherogenic index and Castelli ratio II are better tools for assessment of atherogenicity than CHD risk ratio and Castelli ratio I in patients with POF. © Journal of Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences University.
Association of adiponectin levels and polymorphisms in ADIPOQ and ADIPOR2 genes with metabolic syndrome and atherogenic index of plasma; Background and aim. Adiponectin exerts a protective effect due to its anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic effects. Variation in the ADIPOQ and ADIPOR2 genes have been associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), type-2 diabetes, or coronary heart disease (CHD). The purpose of this study was to analyze the relationship between adiponectin levels and six polymorphisms in ADIPOQ and ADIPOR2 genes with the MetS and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Methods. We studied 115 women with MetS and 231 without MetS. Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, blood levels of adiponectin, glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-c and LDL-c were determined. Genotyping was performed by real-time-PCR. Results. Adiponectin levels were higher in women without MetS (p<0.001) and were negatively correlated with age, waist circumference, blood pressure, glucose, triglycerides and AIP. Women carrying the GG genotype of rs1501299 had higher AIP (p=0.01) compared with carriers of the genotype GT/TT. Conclusion. The decrease of adiponectin may contribute to the development of MetS and atherosclerosis and may be an important marker in risk stratification of CHD and be useful for its diagnosis and prevention. The other hand variations in the ADIPOQ gene might be involved in atherogenic risk.
Contemporary comparison of aortofemoral bypass to alternative inflow procedures in the Veteran population; Objective Multiple vascular inflow reconstruction options exist for claudication, including aortofemoral bypass (AFB) and alternative inflow procedures (AIPs) such as femoral reconstruction with iliac stents, and femoral-femoral, iliofemoral, and axillofemoral bypass. Contemporary multi-institution comparison of these techniques is lacking. Methods The Veterans Affairs Surgical Quality Improvement Project (VASQIP) national database (2005-2013) was used to compare AFB vs AIP in a propensity-matched analysis. Primary outcome was mortality at 30 and 90 days. Secondary outcomes included rates of postoperative complications. Multivariable regression assessed the adjusted effect of inflow procedure type on mortality. Results A matched cohort of 748 claudicant patients (373 AFB, 375 AIP) was identified. The AFB and AIP groups had similar mean age (59.9 vs 60.8 years; P = .30), gender (P = .51), race (P = .52), recent smoking (79.1% vs 76.5%; P = .43), history of coronary artery disease (14.8% vs 14.7%; P > .99), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (18.8% vs 18.4%; P = .92), renal insufficiency (5.9% vs 6.1%; P > .99), and diabetes (22% vs 20%; P = .53), and American Society of Anesthesiologists Physical Status Classification (P = .41). The AFB group had longer mean operative time (4.9 vs 3.5 hours; P < .0001), more senior resident assistants (72.4% vs 61.1%; P < .0001), and greater mean red blood cell transfusion (1.1 vs 0.12 units; P < .0001). AFB and AIP had similar rates of outflow bypass (1.9% vs 1.3%; P = .58) and outflow endovascular interventions (0.54% vs 1.6%; P = .29). AFB trended toward a higher rate of mortality at 30 days postoperatively (2.7% vs 0.8%; P = .06), but by 90 days, the crude mortality rates were similar for the two (2.9% vs 2.1%; P = .5). AFB had higher rates of pneumonia (5.9% vs 0.8%; P < .001), deep vein thrombosis/pulmonary embolism (1.3% vs 0%; P = .03), postoperative transfusion (2.7% vs 0.53%; P = .02), and urinary tract infection (3.5% vs 0.8%; P = .01), but similar rates of myocardial infarction (1.6% vs 0.8%; P = .34), stroke (0.8% vs 0%; P = .12), wound complications (13.1% vs 12.8%; P = .91), renal failure (1.1% vs 0.3%; P = .22), graft failure (1.3% vs 1.1%; P = .75), and return to the operating room (12.9% vs 9.6%; P = .17). Multivariable analysis showed AFB was not independently associated with mortality (odds ratio [OR], 0.48; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.1-3.0). Significant factors included age (OR, 1.2; 95% CI, 1.1-1.4), postoperative renal insufficiency (OR, 2.5; 95% CI, 1.6-4.0), and unplanned reintubation (OR, 35.5; 95% CI, 3.1-399). Conclusions For claudicant patients with inflow disease, AFB has higher rates of 30-day complications and a trend toward higher mortality; however by 90 days postoperatively, the two procedure types have similar rates of mortality. © 2016
The atherogenic index of plasma is a strong and independent predictor for coronary artery disease in the Chinese Han population; Dyslipidemia is one of the most important factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a new comprehensive lipid index, might be a strong marker for predicting the risk of CAD. A hospital-based case-control study including 2936 CAD patients and 2451 controls was conducted in a Chinese population. Traditional lipid parameters were detected, and nontraditional lipid comprehensive indexes were calculated. Compared with controls, CAD patients had higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). By contrast, the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was lower in CAD patients. The values of nontraditional lipid profiles, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index, AI), TC TG LDL/HDL-C (lipoprotein combine index, LCI), and lg (TG/HDL-C) (AIP), were all significantly higher in the cases than in the controls. The results of Pearson correlation analyses indicated that AIP was positively and significantly correlated with TC (r = 0.125, P < .001), TG (r = 0.810, P < .001), LDL-C (r = 0.035, P < .001), non-HDL-C (r = 0.322, P < .001), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.669, P < .001), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.447, P < .001), AI (r = 0.669, P < .001), and LCI (r = 0.688, P < .001) and was negatively correlated with age (r = -0.122, P < .001) and HDL-C (r = -0.632, P < .001). In the univariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was the lipid parameter that was most strongly associated with CAD, with an unadjusted odds ratio of 1.782 (95% confidence interval: 1.490-2.131, P < .001), for an increase of 1-SD. Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD. AIP might be a strong and independent predictor for CAD in the Chinese Han population. © Copyright 2017 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Effect of cow and sheep milk diet on plasma lipids in rats; Hypercholesterolemia is a major risk factor associated with coronary heart diseases and investigation on the reducing blood cholesterol level is a major concern. The current study aims to evaluate the effects of different diets with sheep and cow milk on the triglyceride (TG) and cholesterol level of rats. The rats were divided in three groups and all of them were fed same dry food as pellets. Their drink was water for the control group but sheep and cow milk for the experimental groups lasting for four weeks. The results of the study showed insignificant difference in the plasma total cholesterol (TC) content of the rats among the three groups. However, the sheep milk diet resulted in lower TG than the cow milk diet (p<0.05) but the cow milk diet, on the other hand, showed the most increasing effect on High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) (p<0.001) and accordingly, the least amount of Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) In sum, both sheep and cow milk have no hypercholesterolaemic effect, but have various effects on TG and lipoproteins that might be beneficial in hypertriglyceridemia and help to reduce atherogenic index, respectively.
The impact of multiple blood donations on the risk of cardiovascular diseases: Insight of lipid profile; Objectives The reduction in blood viscosity and iron store were proposed to be connected to the reduction in the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) among multiple blood donors. Herein, we evaluated the modulation of serum lipids levels in accordance with donation events. Furthermore, atherogenic impacts on the risk of CVD were investigated. Materials and methods A total of 100 voluntarily male donors were included in the study. Fifty donors were multiple time donors (MTD) and 50 were single time donors (STD). Levels of serum lipids were determined and atherogenic indices including TG/HDL and CHO/HDL ratios were calculated. QRISK2 parameters were determined to evaluate the 10-years risk of developing CVD. Results Among MTD, there were significantly higher serum levels of triglycerides (TG) and very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL) combined with significantly lower HDL level. These modulations were significantly correlated to the extent of donation. Both CHO/HDL and TG/HDL ratios were also significantly higher among MTD. However, only TG/HDL ratio was strongly correlated to the donation extent even when controlled for age, BMI and smoking status. Despite the significant difference in QRISK2 parameters between study groups, none of these parameters was correlated to the extent of donation when controlling for age, BMI and smoking status. Conclusion We demonstrate that multiple blood donation is associated with an unfavorable modulation of serum levels of lipids that is influenced by donation extent. This modulation is not associated with an increased risk of CVD but may weakly contribute in a higher risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Eriosema laurentii de Wild (Leguminosae) methanol extract has estrogenic properties and prevents menopausal symptoms in ovariectomized Wistar rats; Ethnopharmacological relevance Eriosema laurentii De Wild (Leguminosae) is a medicinal plant used in West and Central Africa for different diseases. In Cameroon, this plant is used as a treatment for infertility, and various gynecological and menopausal complaints. However, despite this use as a natural remedy, the biological activity of Eriosema laurentii has not been studied until now. Aim of study In order to determine the potential use of this plant in gynecological conditions/disorders, we evaluated the estrogenic properties of a methanol extract of its aerial parts and its ability to prevent different menopausal health problems induced by bilateral oophorectomy. Material and methods Two approaches were used. In vitro, recombinant yeast systems were applied, featuring either the respective human receptors (ERα, AR, and PR) or into chromosome III integrated human aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) and the respective reporter plasmid. In vivo, the investigation was carried out using the 3 days uterotrophic assay and 9 weeks oral treatment in ovariectomized rats. Results The results showed that the methanol extract of the aerial parts of Eriosema laurentii transactivated the estrogen receptor-α and displayed AhR agonistic activity but was neither androgenic nor progesteronic. In rats, the extract did not induce endometrium proliferation either in the 3-day or the 9-week treatment regimens, but induced vaginal stratification and cornification, prevented loss of femur bone mass, increased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and reduced total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), TC/HDL-C ratio, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Conclusion These results suggest that the methanol extract of the aerial parts of Eriosema laurentii does not seem to have an undesirable influence on the endometrium but might prevent vaginal dryness and bone mass loss and improve the lipid profile. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Lipid spectrum in patients with atherosclerosis of various localizations; Variants of dyslipidemias were studied in 78 patients with atherosclerosis of various localizations. We also studied HDL content and atherogenic index, which served as a predictor of polyvascular disease. Depending on localization atherosclerosis had specifi c features. Type II of dyslipidemia was typical for multifocal and coronary atherosclerosis, type IV was typical for brachiocephalic arteries. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Importance of selected nutritional supplements - knowledge of beneficial role of carnosine and coenzyme Q10; Background: In recent years, a great increase in recorded number of application of nutritional supplements within the frame preventive arrangements in the population. There are two different views on importance of nutritional supplements. On the one hand, questioning their role and on the other hand are revaluated again. The intentions of the principles of EBM (Evidence Based Medicine) provide the results of clinical trials with selected dietary natural nutritional supplements for people with dyslipoproteinemia and also in healthy population. In the presented work, it is pointed to nutrition deficits in population as well as benefits of two other important nutritional supplements - carnosine and coenzyme Q10. Patients: The total file of clinical dietary trials includes 120 persons (63 women, 57 men) middle-aged, - aged 40 years with diagnosis of dyslipoproteinemia (detailed classification you can see in diagrams of individual studies).Dietarybiochemical study was carried out also in 36 volunteers (26 women, 10 men) - aged 62.3 year. Methods: Nutritional data was obtained by the global balance of food consumption. Defined intake of nutritional factors are presented in tables. Nutritional frame expressed as a percentage of Recommended Dietary Allowances of population as well as the percentage of compliance of Recommended Dietary Food Intake developed for the average population in SR. Spectrum of blood lipids were measured on automatic analyzer Vitros 250 & Johnson Johnson, USA.The atherogenic index was expressed as a ratio of total cholesterol and HDLcholesterol. Levels of quercetine in plasma were determined by HPLC with UV detection. Concentrations of homocysteine in plasma were measured by HPLC with electrochemical detection. Concentrations of malondialdehyde in plasma were measured by HPLC with fluorescence detection. Spectrophotometric determination of enzymatic activity of superoxide dismutase, katalase, glutathione peroxidase and glutathione in erytrocytes as well as conjugated dienes in plasma were used. Statistical processing of basic data (average values, standard deviations, mean errors and the significance of differences by Student paired t-test) was applied. Results: Standard of nutrition of the population shows a long--term deficient intake of mostly vitamins, the most meaning vitamin C, calcium from minerals and iron in some physiological groups (adolescent girls, pregnant and elderly age group). Deficit of vitamins is caused by insufficient consumption of fruits and vegetables for over 40 years. Moreover, deficit of calcium and vitamin B2 is caused by significantly unfavourable consumption of milk and dairy products. It cannot be expected any improvement in nutrition and therefore it is necessary to supplement deficit factors in nutrition, mainly for vulnerable groups of population. Dietary clinical trials of natural plant substances confirm possibilities of correction of dyslipoproteinemia. There were observed significant reducing of: - hypercholesterolemia (P<0.001) by pectin with vitamin C and phospholipid preparation as well as by Pleurotus ostreatus (P<0.01); hypertriacylglycerolemia applying of polyunsaturated fatty acids n-3 P<0.001, Pleurotus ostreatus and phospholipid preparation (P<0.01); significant increase of serum HDL-cholesterol after intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (P<0.05) and phospholipid preparation (P<0.02). There was observed a significant increase of plasma quercetin (P<0.001) after consumption of cereal onion biscuit (with content of flavonoid- quercetin) for two months as well as significant decrease of two risk factors - homocysteine and malondialdehyde in plasma (P<0.001). This beneficial effect of cereal onion biscuit continued two months after finishing the study (wash-out). Intake of Pleurotus ostreatus in diet was reflected by: - increased activity of glutathione peroxidase enzyme (P<0.05) and glutathione (P <0.05) and their antioxidant effect; - decrease of conjugated dienes level in plasma (P<0.02) as an indication of suppression of lipoperoxide mechanisms in organism. In case of natural substances, such as carnosine is emphasized their antioxidant activity, it prevents oxidation of DNA, it stabilizes cell membranes as well as it reduces the formation of malondialdehyde and products of intermediate glycation - AGEs, ALEs, which are formed in high quantity during diabetes mellitus. Coenzyme Q10 is the main link of mitochondrial energy metabolism, it has strong antioxidant properties, it neutralizes free oxygen and nitrogen radicals, it is able to regenerate of vitamin E. Moreover, it prevents to lipoprotein defects and development of atherosclerosis by its antiperoxide effect. Conclusion: Presented beneficial effects of natural nutrition supplements in dietary trials in population with dyslipoproteinemia represent the important secondary prevention of atherosclerosis, mainly coronary artery disease. They are utilized in clinical practice, but also in primary prevention and in the promotion of health, as it confirms results of the consumption of dietary preparation - onion cereal biscuits in healthy population. It is desirable that our clinical works have established dietary studies, as in clinical setting and in the field of public health epidemiological studies.
The antiatherogenic effect of bixin in hypercholesterolemic rabbits is associated to the improvement of lipid profile and to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects; Hypercholesterolemia and oxidative stress have been implicated in the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. We investigated whether the carotenoid bixin (BIX) may reduce oxidative damage, inflammatory response, and the atherosclerotic lesion induced by hypercholesterolemia in rabbits. Rabbits received regular chow (control) or a hypercholesterolemic diet (0.5 % cholesterol) alone or supplemented with BIX (10, 30 or 100 mg/kg body weight, b.w.) or simvastatin (15 mg/kg b.w.) for 60 days. Treatment with BIX or simvastatin reduced the atherosclerotic lesions in cholesterol-fed rabbits (up to 55 and 96 % reduction, respectively). This protective effect of BIX was accompanied by decrease in the levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha by 15 %, interleukin 6 by 19 %, lipid peroxidation by 60 %, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) by 37 %, and triglycerides by 41 %. BIX increased by 160 % the HDL-C levels and decreased by 67 % the atherogenic index of hypercholesterolemic rabbits. In atherosclerotic rabbits, the non-protein thiol groups content and the activity of the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione reductase, and thioredoxin reductase were increased in the aortic tissue, whereas paraoxonase activity was reduced in the serum. All these changes were completely prevented by BIX or simvastatin treatment. These results demonstrate that BIX reduces the extent of atherosclerotic lesions and this effect was associated with the decrease in oxidative stress, inflammatory response, and improvement of dyslipidemia, which were most effectively controlled after treatment with 10–30 mg BIX/kg b.w. BIX consumption may, therefore, be an adjuvant to prevent atherosclerosis reducing risk factors for coronary diseases. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) increases small-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ current in patients with chronic atrial fibrillation; Background: Increased small-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ current (SK), abnormal intracellular Ca2+ handling, and enhanced expression and activity of Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) have been found in clinical and/or experimental models of atrial fibrillation (AF), but the cumulative effect of these phenomena and their mechanisms in AF are still unclear. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that CaMKII increases SK current in human chronic AF. Material/Methods: Right atrial appendage tissues from patients with either sinus rhythm (SR) or AF and neonatal rat atrial myocytes were used. Patch clamp, qRT-PCR, and Western blotting techniques were used to perform the study. Results: Compared to SR, the apamin-sensitive SK current (IKAS) was significantly increased, but the mRNA and protein levels of SK1, SK2, and SK3 were significantly decreased. In AF, the steady-state Ca2+ response curve of IKAS was shifted leftward and the [Ca2+]i level was significantly increased. CaMKII inhibitors (KN-93 or autocamtide-2-re-lated inhibitory peptide (AIP)) reduced the IKAS in both AF and SR. The inhibitory effect of KN-93 or AIP on IKAS was greater in AF than in SR. The expression levels of calmodulin, CaMKII, and autophosphorylated CaMKII at Thr287 (but not at Thr286) were significantly increased in AF. Furthermore, KN-93 inhibited the expression of (Thr287)p-CaMKII and SK2 in neonatal rat atrial myocytes. Conclusions: SK current is increased via the enhanced activation of CaMKII in patients with AF. This finding may explain the difference between SK current and channels expression in AF, and thus may provide a therapeutic target for AF. © Med Sci Monit.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP): A marker of cardiovascular disease; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the cause of one third of deaths worldwide and this will progress because of increasing CVD's risk factors. The most basic task of dealing with the epidemic of CVD is primary prevention of risk factors. As Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a strong marker to predict the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease, we assessed the correlation between AIP and other important factors. Methods: This cross-sectional study was a part of national non-communicable risk factors surveillance system data that has been established since 2004 in Iran. This was done on 1000 people between 2008 and 2010. The study was approved by Ethics Committee of Mashhad University of Medical Science. Chi square, Mann-Whitney U, correlation tests were used in this study. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS version 11. In all calculations, p < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant level. Results: The study population consisted of 500 men and 500 women with mean±SD age 41.9±14.2 years. According to the AIP category, 9.8% (98) were in low risk group, 12.7% (127) were in intermediate risk and 77.5% (775) were in increased risk of CVD. AIP was significantly correlated with waist circumference (r=0.35, p < 0.001), BMI (r=0.33, p < 0.001) and physical activity (r=-0.09, p < 0.01). Conclusion: AIP can be used as a regular monitoring index of CVD in every day practice, especially in persons with other cardiovascular risk factors.
Prognostic Values of Some Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Cosmonauts; A ten-year follow-up study was focused on comparison of risk factors of atherosclerosis and damage to target organs in a group of 40- to 65-year-old cosmonauts and volunteers in the same age range. It was shown that the incidence of supraventricular extrasystoles in the groups increased with aging by 85 and 80%, respectively, inferring the risk of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias. The primary predictors of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease (CAD) in cosmonauts are decreased endothelium-dependent vasodilation in the right brachial artery, C-reactive protein (hsCRP) level CloseSPigtSPi 2 mg/L, and high atherogenic index. These CAD predictors should be of particular concern during medical screening of candidates for cosmonauts. © 2017, Pleiades Publishing, Inc.
The role of epicardial fat and obesity parameters in the prediction of coronary heart disease; Background: To assess the relationship of parameters of obesity in relationship to coronary angiography findings with correlation of epicardial fat (EF) thickness in uppermentioned context. Methods: There were 80 patients examined (43 males, 37 postmenopausal females) undergoing elective coronary angiography. We examined the regular obesity parameters - BMI, waist circumference (WC), neck circumference (NC), total body fat (TBF), and visceral fat (VF) using bioimpedance. We assessed the echocardiographically measured EF thickness. We added examina-tion of lipidogram, glycaemia, HOMA-IR (insulin resistance index) and AIP (aterogenic index of plasma). The set was divided into group with coronarographically proved stenosis or stenoses (withCS), and a group without finding of quantifiable stenosis or stenoses (withoutCS). Results: The average thickness of EF in withCS group was 6.3 vs 5.6 mm in group withoutCS (p < 0.025). The differences in the thickness of EF in mentioned groups were 6.5 vs 5.2 mm in males (p < 0.025, A = 20 ) and 6.1 vs 6.0 mm in females (p < 0.025, A = 1.64 ). In males in withCS group, there was a dominant fat increase in epicardial region and TBF, and in females in withCS group, the fat deposits were increased in general. BMI was not a dominant parameter of adiposity in neither group (males in withCS group 31.11 vs withoutCS 30.41 kg/m2; females in withCS group 31.40 vs withoutCS 31.20 kg/m2). EF was correlated the most by WC in males (r = 0.488; p < 0.005), and in females too (r = 0.564, p < 0.005). The patients in withCS group had increased HOMA-IR 4.75 vs 3.56 in withoutCS group, and AIP 0.22 vs 0.17. Conclusion: Thickness of EF in males and VT in females could be considered obesity parameters in assessment of pre-clinical stages of coronary atherosclerosis and prediction of risk of coronary heart disease. In adipose parameters, EF thickness was correlated the most by WC. Risk stratification of coronary artery disease is supplemented by increased HOMA-IR and AIP.
Relationship between blood lipid and arterial stiffness in hypertension; Purpose: To explore the relationship between blood lipids and pulse wave velocity (PWV). Methods: We retrospectively selected subjects who had undergone treatment in an outpatient or inpatient clinic. The subjects were sub-grouped into four groups: Group A (no history of hypertension and dyslipidemia), Group B (a history of dyslipidemia but not hypertension), Group C (a history of hypertension but not dyslipidemia) and Group D (a history of both hypertension and dyslipidemia). We determined brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), non-high-density lipoprotein (non-HDL-C), total cholesterol/high density lipoprotein (TC/ HDL-C) and atherogenic indices (AI) for hypertension and non-hypertension and dyslipidemia and non-dyslipidemia patients. Results: A total of 380 subjects were included. Uric acid, systolic pressure, diastolic pressure, pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure were significantly different among the groups. The prevalence of coronary arterial disease and diabetes mellitus, age, body mass index, heart rate, blood glucose, creatinine, urea, smoking history and alcohol consumption did not differ among groups. The baPWV was significantly different between both hypertension/nonhypertension and dyslipidemia/non-dyslipidemia patients. In hypertension patients (in Group C and D), partial correlation analysis showed that ΔbaPWV correlated with TC, HDL-C, AI, AIP and TC/HDL-C but not LDL-C, triglyceride (TG) or non-HDL-C. Conclusion: Hypertension and/or dyslipidemia may be risk factors for arterial stiffness. In hypertension patients, TC, HDL-C, AIP, AI and TC/HDL-C might correlate to arterial stiffness and pathological increases in these levels may indicate risk factors for arterial stiffness. © 2019 CIM.
Assessment of lipid profile and atherogenic indices for cardiovascular disease risk based on different fish consumption habits; Objective: Habitual consumption of moderate amounts of fish is associated with reduced mortality from cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the beneficial effects of fish-enriched diet seem contradictory due to the oxidation susceptibility of the polyunsaturated fatty acids in them. The atherogenic index is an important tool to identify people with CVD risk. Lipid profile levels are favorably affected by certain fish consumption habits, thereby decreasing the risk of coronary heart diseases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the plasma lipid profile of healthy people with different fish consumption habits and to assess CVD risk using atherogenic indices. Methods: Fasting blood samples were collected from healthy people for lipid profile estimations with an automated analyzer. Detailed information regarding physical and atherogenic parameters was collected from each participant. Results: The CVD risk profiles showed varying level with the type of fish consumption. Total cholesterol, triglyceride (TG), and non-high-density lipoprotein (Non-HDL-C) varied significantly among the types of consumers (p<0.05), whereas the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol showed variation (p<0.001). TG/HDL showed the greater level in inland fish consumers. However, atherogenic coefficient and Castelli risk index-2 did not show significant variation among type of fish eating. Atherogenic indices were borderline “high risk” among all fish eaters including beef eating habits. Conclusion: Fish and beef eaters had high risk among other inland and sea fish eaters. Non-HDL-cholesterol could be a marker for a serum lipid pattern associated with increased risk of heart diseases. © 2016, Innovare Academics Sciences Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Structural changes in the myocardium and serum lipid spectrum in experimental hypercholesterolemia and hypothyroidism; We studied the peculiarities of lipid spectrum of the blood and structural reorganization of the myocardium in experimental hypercholesterolemia with and without hypothyroidism. It was found that alimentary hypercholesterolemia accompanied by elevated total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, and triglyceride concentrations led to a decrease in body weight, heart weight, number of cardiomyocytes in the heart and induced pronounced lytic changes in cardiomyocytes, circulation disorders (sludge syndrome, echinocytosis of erythrocytes, lymphostasis), diffuse fibrosis of the stroma, and appearance of foam cells among diffuse mononuclear infiltrate cells. The combination of hypercholesterolemia with hypothyroid status caused more pronounced changes in the lipid spectrum and atherogenic index and more pronounced lytic and necrobiotic changes in cardiomyocytes. These findings suggest that elevated cholesterol concentrations in the blood, especially against the background of suppressed thyroid function, can directly induce considerable damage to cardiomyocytes, intramural vessels, and erythrocytes without the development of myocardial ischemia and in the absence of atherosclerotic plaques. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Plaque and arterial vulnerability investigation in a three-layer atherosclerotic human coronary artery using computational fluid-structure interaction method; Coronary artery disease is the common form of cardiovascular diseases and known to be the main reason of deaths in the world. Fluid-Structure Interaction (FSI) simulations can be employed to assess the interactions of artery/plaque and blood to provide a more precise anticipation for rupture of arterial tissue layers and plaque tissues inside an atherosclerotic artery. To date, the arterial tissue in computational FSI simulations has been considered as a one-layer structure. However, a single layer assumption might have deeply bounded the results and, consequently, more computational simulation is needed by considering the arterial tissue as a three-layer structure. In this study, a three-dimensional computational FSI model of an atherosclerotic artery with a three-layer structure and different plaque types was established to perform a more accurate arterial wall/plaque tissue vulnerability assessment. The hyperelastic material coefficients of arterial layers were calculated and implemented in the computational model. The fully coupled fluid and structure models were solved using the explicit dynamics finite element code LS-DYNA. The results revealed the significant role of plaque types in the normal and shear stresses induced within the arterial tissue layers. The highest von Mises and shear stresses were observed on the stiffest calcified plaque with 3.59 and 3.27 MPa, while the lowest von Mises and shear stresses were seen on the hypocellular plaque with 1.15 and 0.63 MPa, respectively. Regardless of plaque types, the media and adventitia layers were played protective roles by displaying less stress on their wall, whilst the intima layer was at a high risk of rupture. The findings of this study have implications not only for determining the most vulnerable arterial layer/plaque tissue inside an atherosclerotic coronary artery but also for balloon-angioplasty, stenting, and bypass surgeries. © 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.
Assessment of cardiovascular risks of tobacco chewers by comparing it with normal human beings; Background: Tobacco smoking in any form (cigarette, bidi etc.) has long been established as a risk factor for CAD (coronary artery disease) but a very little research has been done on tobacco chewing, which is restricted to South Asia (India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka) whether it increases risk for cardiovascular morbidity or not. Aims & Objective: To assess the cardiovascular risks in tobacco chewers as compared to normal population of Aligarh a city of Western Uttar Pradesh. Materials and Methods: The study was conducted in Department of Physiology, Department of TB Chest and Department of Medicine JNMCH, AMU Aligarh. The study consisted of 30 tobacco chewers (in any form) and 30 subjects without any history of tobacco consumption in any form. The age group varied from 20-60years. Anthropometric measurement age, weight, height, BMI, Pulse, SBP (systolic BP), DBP (Diastolic BP) and Lipid Profile estimation from blood sample. Results: Anthropometric measurements did not show any significant change when compared in two groups (p > 0.05). Cardiovascular Parameters like, Systolic pressure (117.46 ± 11.07); diastolic pressure (83.37 ± 8.74); mean arterial pressures (93.40 ± 6.33) and pulse rate (84.29 ± 5.70), were significantly increased in chewers as compared to normal population (p < 0.05). Lipid Profile Parameters like, Total cholesterol (237.04 ± 82.6); HDL (45.54 ± 5.46); LDL (161.16 ± 76.7) were increased in chewers as compared to control (p < 0.05). Atherogenic index T Choles./HDL (5.22 ± 1.90); LDL/HDL (3.57±1.35); Non-HDL/HDL (4.3 ± 1.0), were also showed a significant increase (p < 0.05). Conclusion: All these findings are suggestive that tobacco chewers are at increased risk of cardiovascular diseases as compared to non-tobacco consuming population.
Lipid profile in patients with newly diagnosed coronary heart disease: 2012 and 2013 cross-sectional study in Luis Vernaza Hospital, Ecuador; INTRODUCTION: Endothelial dysfunction is an early event in the progression of atherosclerosis, and it appears in pathologies such as dyslipidemias. Certain pro-inflammatory enzymes are associated negatively with high-density lipoproteins (HDL) and positively with low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Calculating the atherogenic index greatly complements the study of these diseases. Lipid alterations have a high prevalence in Ecuadorian and Latin American populations. Better knowledge of which lipid alteration is the most prevalent would bring more attention to the subject, leading to early treatment. The goal of this study is to describe the complete lipid profile alterations in patients recently diagnosed with ischemic heart disease and find which of these is the most prevalent.; METHODS: We designed a cross-sectional, descriptive study that included patients from the Cardiology Service of the "Hospital Luis Vernaza" who presented with the first episode of ischemic heart disease between January 2012 and 2013. There were 220 patients with that diagnosis. One-hundred and thirty-one were excluded because they did not meet inclusion criteria. The final sample comprised 89 patients.; RESULTS: We found 41 (46.06%) patients with low HDL levels, 49 (55.05%) with high LDL levels, 28 (31.46%) with high triglycerides, 24 (26.96%) with high cholesterol levels, 25 (28.08%) with high VLDL levels, 26 (29.21%) had values over 5 in the Castelli index, and 32 (35.95%) had LDL/HDL values higher than 3.; DISCUSSION: It is of great importance to have a complete lipid profile from patients recently diagnosed with ischemic heart disease in order to work on secondary prevention. The most prevalent alteration found in our study was high LDL levels. The percentage of patients with low HDL was similar to other Latin American populations. More studies are needed to gain a more accurate idea of the status of the general population in this regard.; Abstract available from the publisher.
12 Weeks' aerobic and resistance training without dietary intervention did not influence oxidative stress but aerobic training decreased atherogenic index in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation; Our aim was to determine whether 12. weeks' aerobic Nordic walking (NW) or resistance exercise training (RT) without diet-induced weight loss could decrease oxidative stress and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and MetS score in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) (n= 144. 54.5 ± 6.5. years). In addition, we compared effects of intervention between overweight and obese subgroups. Prevalenceof MetS and AIP index decreased only in NW group and MetS score in both NW and RT groups but not in control group. The changes in AIP index correlated inversely with changes in plasma antioxidant capacity. The change in AIP index remained a significant independent predictor of the changes in MetS score after the model was adjusted for age, BMI and volume of exercise (MET h/week) in NW group. There were no changes in the other measured markers of oxidative stress and related cytokines (e.g. osteopontin and osteoprotegerin) in any of the groups.Nordic walking decreased prevalence of MetS and MetS score. Improved lipid profile remained a predictor of decreased MetS score only in NW group and it seems that Nordic walking has more beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease risks than RT training. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Protective effects of an alfalfa aqueous extract on lead toxicity in broiler chickens: A biochemical approach; This investigation was carried out to evaluate protective activity of an aqueous extract of alfalfa (Alfa-mix) against lead acetate (LA)-induced toxicity in broilers during 42 days. Birds in normal control (NC) group were fed a basal diet; alfalfa extract (AE) group was fed a basal diet supplemented with Alfa-mix (18.64 %); LA-intoxicated (Pb) group was fed the basal diet and LA (400 ppm) in drinking water; and finally, AE + Pb group was fed a basal diet supplemented with Alfa-mix (18.64 %) and LA (400 ppm) in drinking water. Inclusion of LA tended to increase the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration, atherogenic index, and coronary heart diseases index levels by 45.24 % and 100 %, 16.66 % compared to NC. Plasma total cholesterol (TC), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), and triglycerides (TGs) levels increased significantly after Alfa-mix feeding. The plasma levels of TC, LDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), VLDL-C, and TGs increased significantly in AE group compared with Pb group. Plasma calcium level altered in four groups, while phosphorus and iron levels did not alter among groups. Plasma calcium level in Pb group decreased significantly compared to AE + Pb group. The levels of urea, uric acid, creatinine, total protein, albumin, albumin/globulin ratio, and total, direct, and indirect bilirubin did not differ among groups. Lead intake only increased alkaline phosphatase activity compared to AE and AE + Pb groups. Aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) activities and AST/ALT ratio decreased in Pb group compared to NC group. However, only ALT activity and AST/ALT ratio in AE + Pb group decrease significantly in comparison to NC group. ALT activity and AST/ALT ratio decreased significantly in AE group compared to NC group. In conclusion, alfalfa extract has mild protective effects against lead toxicity in Ross broiler chickens. © 2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.
Residual cardiovascular risk markers; The European definition of biomarker is presented; it is a measurable factor, which reflects a physiological or pathological process inhuman body. There are also mentioned transferred meanings of the term marker used in different fields of medicine. The importance, categorization and calculation of global cardiovascular (CV) risk are explained in patients in primary prevention of CV disease (SCORE risk chart). Residual CV risk persists in patients in primary or secondary prevention of CV diseases treated according to current guidelines, even if their risk factors (blood pressure, LDL-cholesterol, glucose level) have achieved the recommended values. This residual risk was done by non- LDL dyslipidemia especially, so called atherogenic dyslipidemia (Residual Risk Reduction Initiative definition). Investigators of preventive EUROASPIRE studies assessed, that 5-year mortality from CV diseases was in a positive association with glucose level, smoking and total cholesterol. In our recent analysis, we have described among the Czech samples of EUROASPIRE studies l-IV, that BMI and prevalence of diabetes increase during the last 16 years very steeply. Patients with stable coronary heart diseases in combination with diabetes have had higher preva-lence of residual risk markers (atherogenic dyslipidemia, atherogenic index of plasma described by M. Dobiasova and hypertriglyceridemic waist) than patients without diabetes. Except of prescription of statins, ACE inhibitors, an- Tiaggregative or anticoagulative drugs was increasing, the residual CV risk was not changing during the followed period of 16 years.
The leaf and seed aqueous extract of Phyllanthus amarus improves insulin resistance diabetes in experimental animal studies; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Amongst the Yoruba tribe (Southwest Nigeria), water decoction of the leaf and seed of Phyllanthus amarus Schum. and Thonn. is reputably used for the local management of diabetes mellitus, obesity and hyperlipidemia. Aim of the study: The present study seeks to evaluate the effectiveness and elucidate mechanism(s) of action of the aqueous leaf and seed extract of Phyllanthus amarus (PAE) in normal and 10% sucrose-induced hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia as an experimental model of insulin resistance diabetes mellitus. Materials and methods: In this study, the repeated oral antihyperglycemic action of 150-600 mg/kg/day of PAE was evaluated in normal and 10% sucrose-induced insulin resistance rats using indicators such as fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin and insulin resistance indices. The extract's weight losing, antihyperlipidemic and anti-atherogenic effects were also evaluated by measuring the effect of the extract on the body weight, plasma levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and atherogenic indices. Results: In normal rats, PAE caused significant (p<0.05, p<0.01 and p<0.001) and dose related decreases in body weight, FBG, TG, TC, LDL-c, and atherogenic indices. Repeated oral treatment with 10% sucrose drink for 30 days was associated with significant (p<0.001) weight gain, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance indices, hyperlipidemia and atherogenic indices. However, pre-treatment with PAE significantly (p<0.05, p<0.01 and p<0.001) and dose-dependently attenuated increase in any of these measured parameters. Conclusions: Overall, results of this study showed PAE to effectively control insulin resistance DM which was mediated via improvement in insulin resistance, thus, validating its ethnomedical use in the local management of DM. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Effect of seaweed mixture intake on plasma lipid and antioxidant profile of hyperholesterolaemic rats; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in many countries. Hypercholesterolaemia is a recurring risk factor in CVD leading to coronary atherosclerosis, stroke and ischemic heart disease. Previous research has proven that seaweeds are highly nutritious, providing a good source of dietary fibre, minerals, proteins and vitamins as well as being high in antioxidants. Antioxidants have been known to retard low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation to reduce CVD risk in hypercholesterolaemia. However, there is yet to be a study on the effect of a mixture of different seaweed species on cholesterol lowering properties. Therefore, this study was designed to investigate the effects of a mixture of extracts from two seaweed species, red seaweed Kappaphycus alvarezii and brown seaweed Sargassum polycystum on plasma lipid and antioxidant profiles of rats fed high-cholesterol diet. S. polycystum extract significantly decreased plasma cholesterol by 37.52 % over an 8-week treatment period compared to K. alvarezii and mixture groups. However, S. polycystum showed an increase in plasma triglyceride (TG) levels by 16.66 %. K. alvarezii extract most effectively decreased TG levels by 40.11 % and the mixture extract most effectively increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 56.71 %. All treatment groups were able to reduce LDL cholesterol levels compared to the high-cholesterol group, with no significant differences between them. K. alvarezii and S. polycystum mixture extract had the best atherogenic index, which is an indicator of lipid disorder in coronary diseases, among treatment and high-cholesterol-fed groups. All treatment groups were able to restore enzyme antioxidant levels (superoxide dismutase and catalase) to normal. © 2013, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Analgesic, Anti-inflammatory and Antihyperlipidemic Activities of Knema attenuata, an Endemic Plant of Southern India; The analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antihyperlipidemic activities of Knema attenuata (Myristicaceae), one of the ingredients of ‘Ashwagandhadhi nei (medicated ghee)’ used in the treatment of spleen disorders according to the Ayurvedic herbal medicine tradition are investigated using suitable in vivo models such as hot plate method, tail immersion test, carrageenan-induced paw oedema assay and Triton X-100-induced hyperlipidemic assay. The seed and aril (a fleshy to hard structure which develops from the funicle or ovule after fertilisation and encloses all or part of the seed) extracts were used. Both the extracts showed significant dose dependent analgesic activity up to 400 mg/kg. The dose dependent ethanolic extract of aril exhibited higher latency to hot plate and tail withdrawal reflex proving its analgesic property. Anti-inflammatory activity was demonstrated after 3 h of oedema induction. The paw volume (ml) decreased from 1.36 ± 0.05 in control to 0.73 ± 0.02 and 0.78 ± 0.02 respectively in groups treated with ethanol extract of aril and seed. The extracts of seed and aril administered at a dose of 400 mg/kg lowered the serum TC (total cholesterol), TG (triglycerides), LDL (low density lipoprotein) and VLDL (very low density lipoprotein) compared to hyperlipidemic groups. A significant decrease in the atherogenic index (a strong marker to predict the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease) was observed in animals supplemented with Knema attenuata which suggests an athero protective/cardio protective potential of this plant extract. We conclude that ethanolic extract of Knema attenuata has significantly good analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antihyperlipidemic activity. It could be a new source of natural analgesic agent and an alternative natural source of anti-inflammatory and cardio protective agents. © Lavoisier SAS 2018
Correlation between AIP, SAA, MPV and stenosis degree in coronary artery disease; Background: Dyslipidemia and inflammation play an important role in stable coronary artery disease (CAD) which are marked by atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), serum amyloid A (SAA) and mean platelet volume (MPV) on atherosclerosis formation. The degree of stenosis is measured by visual evaluation of the percentage reduction of coronary diameter relative to adjacent normal segments. Aim: To determine the correlation between AIP, SAA, MPV and degree of stenosis in patients with stable CAD. Method: An observational, analytic study with cross sectional design was carried out in 31 patients with stable CAD at Kariadi Hospital who were willing to sign an informed consent. Triglyceride and HDL were measured by clinical chemistry analyzer to evaluate AIP, while SAA was measured by ELISA method and MPV was measured by hematology analyzer. The stenosis degree was measured by coronary angiography. Spearman test was done for data analysis with p<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The values of AIP, SAA and MPV were 0.49±0.23; 31.87±11.41 mg/ml; and 10.13±1.19 fl respectively, while the median (minimum-maximum) stenosis was 80(20-100)%. The correlation between AIP, SAA and MPV with stenosis degree were r=0.44, p=0.01; r=0.54, p<0.01; r=0.53, p<0.01; respectively. Conclusion: There is significant moderate positive correlation between AIP, SAA, MPV and the stenosis degree in patients with stable CAD. The elevated of AIP, SAA and MPV is directly proportional to the severity of coronary stenosis degree. © 2019 Lahore Medical And Dental College. All rights reserved.
Atherogenic index of plasma(AIP) in post menopausal women; Menopause is the phase of declined ovarian activity & fall in estrogen level. Since there is an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases for women after menopause, the present study was carried out to evaluate the lipid profile status and Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in Postmenopausal women. Blood samples from 30 pre-menopausal and 30 post-menopausal women were collected for this study. Atherogenic index of plasma a risk for coronary heart disease was calculated using the formula log (TG/HDL-C). There was significant increase in TC, LDL-C, TG and significant decrease in HDL-C (p<0.01) in post-menopausal women compared to pre-menopausal women. The (AIP) was found to be significantly elevated in post-menopausal women compared to pre-menopausal women and correlated positively with TG (r= 0.258,p<0.01) and negatively with HDL-C (r= -0.306, p<0.01) in post-menopausal women. This suggests that female sex steroids in "pre-menopausal" women has plasma cholesterol lowering action, where as in post-menopausal women due estrogen deficiency causes increase in serum cholesterol levels. Hence "post-menopausal" women are more prone for coronary artery disease compared to premenopausal women.
Success and failure of cardiovascular disease prevention in Czech Republic over the past 30 years. Czech part of the EUROASPIRE I-IV surveys; Cardiovascular (CV) mortality was reduced more than 50 % in the Czech population at the turn of the century, due to an improvement of major CV risk factors in the general population, interventional procedures implemented into the treatment of acute coronary events, and new drugs (ACE inhibitors, statins etc.) for CV prevention (Czech MONICA and post-MONICA studies, 1985-2008). An insufficient level of preventive efforts is described in the Czech patients after acute coronary syndrome (Czech part of the EUROASPIRE studies, 1995-2013). Drug underdosing and wrong patients' compliance to life style and drug therapy recommendations represent two main reasons of this unsatisfactory situation. The residual vascular risk of patients with stable coronary heart disease (CHD) is still high due to a poor control of conventional risk factors on the one hand, and due to increasing weight and glucose metabolism abnormalities on the other hand. Patients with insulin resistance and glucose disorders have more frequently non-LDL-C dyslipidemia (atherogenic dyslipidemia), hypertriglyceridemic waist and high atherogenic index of plasma (AIP > 0.24), i.e. markers of residual CV risk. Among others increased dose of statins and combined lipid modifying therapy should be implemented in patients with CHD, diabetes or metabolic syndrome.
Effect of Circular ANRIL on the Inflammatory Response of Vascular Endothelial Cells in a Rat Model of Coronary Atherosclerosis;                              Background/Aims: This study aims to investigate the role of circular antisense non-coding RNA at the INK4 locus (cANRIL) in the inflammatory response of vascular endothelial cells (ECs) in a rat model of coronary atherosclerosis (AS). A rat model of AS was established with rats that were injected with a large dose of Vitamin D                             3                              and fed a high-fat diet. Methods: Sixty Wistar rats were randomly assigned into control, model, empty vector, over-expressed cANRIL and low-expressed cANRIL groups (12 rats in each group). Sixteen weeks later, the ultrastructure of their coronary arteries was observed via transmission electron microscopy. Rat serum lipid levels were analyzed using an automatic biochemical analyzer, and their atherogenic index (AI) values were calculated. Hematoxylin and eosin staining was used to observe the endothelial morphology of rats. Additionally, rat EC apoptosis was tested via a TUNEL assay. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) were applied to measure serum levels of interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6, matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) and C-reactive protein (CRP). The cANRIL, Bax, bcl-2 and caspase-3 mRNA expression levels were measured with a quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The protein expression levels of Bax, bcl-2 and caspase-3 were detected using immunohistochemistry. Results: In the control group, ECs were closely arranged with normal structures, and there was no proliferation. In the model, empty vector and over-expressed cANRIL groups, some cells were not present, and atherosclerotic plaques and thrombi appeared. However, in the under-expressed cANRIL group, the cells had a normal structure. Compared with the model and empty vector groups, the levels of total cholesterol (CHOL), triglycerides (TGs), low density lipoprotein (LDL), IL-1, IL-6, MMP-9, CRP, cANRIL, Bax, and caspase-3, AI values, and rates of EC apoptosis decreased in the low-expressed cANRIL group, while HDL (high density lipoprotein) levels and mRNA and protein expression levels of bcl-2 were increased. The changes in expression levels in the over-expressed cANRIL group were the opposite of those in the low-expressed cANRIL group. Conclusions: Our study provides evidence that reduced cANRIL expression could prevent coronary AS by reducing vascular EC apoptosis and inflammatory factor expression.                          © 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Gender specific effect of CETP rs708272 polymorphism on lipid and atherogenic index of plasma levels but not on the risk of coronary artery disease A case-control study; Numerous studies have shown a relationship between cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) polymorphism in the synthesis of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and the coronary artery disease (CAD) susceptibility, but the results have remained inconsistent. In addition, there was no study exploring the relationship between CETP polymorphisms and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) levels. We conducted a case-control study to evaluate the relationship between CETP rs708272 polymorphism and CAD risk and lipid levels in Chinese Han population. 556 CAD patients and 414 controls undergoing coronary angiography were consecutively enrolled in the hospital-based study. Polymerase chain reaction-ligase detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method was used to detect the different genotypes at rs708272. No significant association between CETP rs708272 polymorphism and CAD risk was observed in different genetic models. In the whole population, participants with TT genotype had higher HDL-C levels (1.17 ± 0.31 mmol/L vs 1.09 ± 0.29 mmol/L, P = .001) and lower AIP levels (0.08 ± 0.35 vs 0.16 ± 0.31, P = .004) compared to those with CC genotype, after adjusting for age, gender, smoking, essential hypertension (EH), and DM. The T allele carriers had higher HDL-C levels than the T allele non-carriers (1.13 ± 0.29 mmol/L vs 1.09 ± 0.29 mmol/L, P = .023). Furthermore, subgroup analyses based on gender were carried out. In males, the results showed that participants with TT genotype had significant higher HDL-C levels and lower AIP levels compared with CC genotype (P <.05). In addition, males with CT+TT genotypes had higher HDL-C levels and lower AIP levels than those with CC genotypes (HDL-C: CT+TT 1.11 ± 0.31vs CC 1.06 ± 0.30 mmol/L, P = .041; AIP: CT+TT 0.12 ± 0.32vs CC 0.16 ± 0.31, P = .034, respectively). However, there were no significant associations between lipid levels and CETP rs708272 polymorphism in females, after adjusting for confounders. CETP rs708272 polymorphism has a gender-specific effect on lipid and AIP levels but not on the risk of CAD. Abbreviations: AI = atherosclerosis index, AIP = atherogenic index of plasma, CAD = coronary artery disease, CAG = coronary angiography, CETP = cholesteryl ester transfer protein, DM = diabetes mellitus, HDL-C = high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, LDL-C = low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, TC = total cholesterol, TG = triglyceride. © 2018 the Author(s).
Hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative potential of encapsulated herb (Terminalia arjuna) added vanilla chocolate milk in high cholesterol fed rats; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis is associated with coronary artery disease and occurs in developing as well as developed countries. In the present investigation, hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative properties of encapsulated herb (Terminalia arjuna, 1.8%) added vanilla chocolate dairy drink was evaluated in high cholesterol fed Wistar rats for 60 days. RESULTS: At the end of the experimental period, a significant decrease in the body weight gain by rats receiving the encapsulated herb extract was noted as compared to high cholesterol fed rats. Administration of microencapsulated herb showed a statistically significant decrease in organ weights (epididymal fat and liver). Moreover, a significant decrease in serum lipids such as triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and atherogenic index was observed with encapsulated Terminalia arjuna extract in high cholesterol fed group. Increases in reduced glutathione and decreases in TBARS levels were also reported in both liver and red blood cell lysates with encapsulated herb supplementation. CONCLUSION: The results demonstrated that the bioactive components (phytosterols, flavanoids, saponins and tannins etc.) which are present in the encapsulated T. arjuna not only withstand the processing conditions but also are effectively released in the intestine and show their effects, such as hypolipidaemic and antioxidant activities, for better treating cardiovascular disease. © 2015 Society of Chemical Industry.
Evaluation of dyslipidemia, lipid ratios, and atherogenic index as cardiovascular risk factors among semi-urban dwellers in Nigeria; Background and Objectives: The increasing frequency of cardiovascular disease (CVD) rests on the presence of major cardiovascular risk factors including dyslipidemia. This dyslipidemia is also a target for the prevention and treatment of many cardiovascular diseases. Hence, identification of individuals at risk of CVD is needed for early identification and prevention. The study was carried out to evaluate dyslipidemia using the lipid ratios and indices instead of just the conventional lipid profile. Methodology: It was a cross-sectional study with 699 participants recruited from semi-urban communities in Nigeria. Anthropometric indices, blood pressure, and fasting lipid profiles were determined. Abnormalities in lipid indices and lipid ratios with atherogenic index were also determined. SPSS software version 17.0 were used for analysis, P< 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: There were 699 participants with a mean age of 64.45 ± 15.53 years. Elevated total cholesterol, high low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, elevated triglyceride, and low high-density lipoprotein were seen in 5.3%, 19.3%, 4.4%, and 76.3% of the participants, respectively. The Castelli's risk index-I (CRI-I) predicted the highest prevalence of predisposition to cardiovascular risk (47.8%) with females being at significantly higher risk (55.2% vs. 29.3%, P< 0.001). Atherogenic coefficient, CRI-II, CHOLIndex, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) predicted a cardiovascular risk prevalence of 22.5%, 15.9%, 11.2%, and 11.0%, respectively, with no significant difference in between the sexes. Conclusions: Serum lipid ratios and AIP may be used in addition to lipid parameters in clinical practice to assess cardiovascular risks even when lipid profiles are apparently normal. AIP was more gender specific amidst the lipid ratios. © 2016 Annals of African Medicine.
Combined efficacy of Vigna radiata (L.) R. Wilczek and Amorphophallus paeoniifolius (Dennst.) Nicolson on serum lipids in albino rats; Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) is a major killer disease throughout the world. Dyslipidemia is a major contributor to the risk of CAD. Several dietary articles traditionally used in India and other South Asian countries reduced dyslipidemia. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the combined effect of Mung bean (Vigna radiata) and Elephant foot yam (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius) on serum lipids and atherogenic indices in albino rats and to compare it with a standard drug Cholestyramine. Thirty healthy albino rats of both sexes (150–200 g) were randomized to 5 groups of 6 animals each. The grouping were done based on the following criteria: Group I: Normal Control Group, Group II: (Standard Group): Cholestyramine resin 5 mg/kg bw, Group III: (Half Dose Group): Drug powder at 540 mg/kg bw, Group IV: (Effective Dose Group): Drug powder at 1080 mg/kg bw, and Group V: (Double Dose Group): Drug powder at 2160 mg/kg bw. Lipid profile was estimated at the beginning and after 30 days of treatment. The Effective and Double doses of the drug reduced Total cholesterol along with levels of Triglycerides, Low density lipoprotein and Very low density lipoprotein levels significantly (p < 0.01) along with a significant (p < 0.01) increase in high density lipoproteins (HDL) in rats. There was also significant (p < 0.01) improvement in atherogenic indices like Castelli Risk Index I, Non HDL C/HDL, Castelli risk Index II, TG/HDL, Atherogenic coefficient and Atherogenic Index of Plasma. The combination of powdered sprouted mung bean and yam powder have excellent lipid lowering potential. © 2017 The Authors
Chemical composition and hypolipidemic effects of an aromatic water of Ziziphora tenuior L. in cholesterol-fed rabbits; Dyslipidemia is one of the major components of metabolic syndrome. The aims of this study were to determine whether aromatic water (AW) derived from Ziziphora tenuior L. (ZT) could improve lipid profile of cholesterol-fed rabbits. Control group received standard pellet and daily gavaged by 10 ml distilled water. Three other groups were fed 15% sunflower oil/0.47% cholesterol (HC) diet and concomitantly gavaged with 0, 1 and 3% v/w AW dissolved in 10 ml distilled water, respectively. HC diet increased the levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), atherogenic index (AI) and coronary heart disease index (CHD) in comparison to standard chew diet and none of treatments was able to restore the serum lipids to basal levels. However, inclusion of 3% AW of ZT declined the levels of TC, TGs, LDL-C, HDL-C, VLDL-C, AI and CHD more than those of 1% AW of ZT as compared with HC diet. The GC-MS analysis of hydrodistilled essential oil derived from ZT showed towenty-five known components. Pulegone, isomenthone, limonene, and 8-hydroxy-delta-4(5)-p-menthen-3-one were major compounds. In sum, AW of ZT and showed hypocholesterolemic and overt hypotriglyceridemic effects.
Effect of force-induced mechanical stress at the coronary artery bifurcation stenting: Relation to in-stent restenosis; The deployment of metallic stents during percutaneous coronary intervention has become common in the treatment of coronary bifurcation lesions. However, restenosis occurs mostly at the bifurcation area even in present era of drug-eluting stents. To achieve adequate deployment, physicians may unintentionally apply force to the strut of the stents through balloon, guiding catheters, or other devices. This force may deform the struts and impose excessive mechanical stresses on the arterial vessels, resulting in detrimental outcomes. This study investigated the relationship between the distribution of stress in a stent and bifurcation angle using finite element analysis. The unintentionally applied force following stent implantation was measured using a force sensor that was made in the laboratory. Geometrical information on the coronary arteries of 11 subjects was extracted from contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan data. The numerical results reveal that the application of force by physicians generated significantly higher mechanical stresses in the arterial bifurcation than in the proximal and distal parts of the stent (post hoc P < 0.01). The maximal stress on the vessels was significantly higher at bifurcation angle <70°than at angle ≧70° (P < 0.05). The maximal stress on the vessels was negatively correlated with bifurcation angle (P < 0.01). Stresses at the bifurcation ostium may cause arterial wall injury and restenosis, especially at small bifurcation angles. These finding highlight the effect of force-induced mechanical stress at coronary artery bifurcation stenting, and potential mechanisms of in-stent restenosis, along with their relationship with bifurcation angle. © 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.
Preventive effect of goby fish protein hydrolysates on hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular disease in Wistar rats fed a high-fat/fructose diet; This study was carried out to investigate the hypolipidemic, cardioprotective and anticoagulant properties of fish goby protein hydrolysates (GPHs) in rats fed a high fat and fructose diet (HFFD). Wistar rats were fed with HFFD for 2 months, coupled with the oral administration of GPHs and undigested goby protein (UGP). Compared with the standard diet, HFFD induced dyslipidemia and liver structure alterations, and increased pancreatic lipase activity. In addition, HFFD caused a significant increase in body weight. Interestingly, administration of UGP and GPHs to HFFD fed rats was efficacious in lowering serum total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) as well as hepatic TC and TG, and increased the serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) content. Moreover, all treatments significantly decreased the atherogenic index and coagulant factor levels (thrombin and prothrombin). UGP and GPH administration also significantly decreased pancreatic lipase activity, which mitigates lipid accumulation. Similarly, UGP and its hydrolysates showed cardioprotective potential revealed by decreasing the risk of atherogenic and coronary artery disease and improving the liver architecture. The ex vivo plasma clotting test showed that GPHs exert a great therapeutic anticoagulant potential. The overall results demonstrated that GPH supplementation can counteract high-fat/fructose diet-induced obesity. © 2018 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
A study on analysis of cardio vascular risk factors in chronic alcoholics; Alcoholism is now an emerging social and national health problem among adolescents and middle aged population. Alcohol consumption has doubled in the recent years and has increasing its complications. To analyze the metabolic variations in chronic alcoholics which include their BMI, liver function test, lipid profile, inflammatory markers, antioxidants level, insulin level and atherogenic index. The chronic alcoholics had increased BMI with grade 1 obesity with mean value of 30.8±2.4. The mean total cholesterol level (mg/dl) in cases was 232 ± 22.4. The mean HDL level (mg/dl) showed a significant variation among the study group as 38.8±7.8. The mean LDL and NHDL in cases were 148.6 ±15 and 170±17.8 respectively. The mean serum insulin level in study population was 22.36±5.8. The GGT level was increased as expected with mean value 112±13.9. Lipid peroxidation marker MDA was markedly increased in alcoholics with mean value of 14.6± 1.7. All the biochemical parameters in chronic alcoholics were significantly altered when compared to normal non-alcoholic individuals. Alcoholic patients were found to be dyslipidemic, grade I obese, oxidative stress with low levels of antioxidants, insulin resistant and prone to cardiac risks by developing atherogenesis. © 2019
Paraoxonase 1 activity, lipid profile, and atherogenic indexes status in coronary heart disease; Background: Dyslipidemia is considered an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, we examined lipid profiles and paraoxonase 1 (PON1) activity and atherogenic indexes status and the relationship of PON1 activity by high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and atherogenic indexes in CHD patients and healthy people. Methods: The aim of the study was to compare PON1, lipid profiles, and atherogenic indexes in CHD patients and healthy people as controls. This study enrolled 50 CHD patients and 50 matched healthy controls. Serum activities of PON1 and levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and atherogenic indexes were analyzed. Data were analyzed by unpaired Student's t tests. Coefficients of correlation were calculated using Pearson's correlation analysis. Results: Levels of TG, TC, LDL, VLDL, FBG, and atherogenic indexes, atherogenic coefficients, and cardiac risk ratios were significantly greater in CHD patients than in controls. Paraoxonase 1 activity and HDL-C levels were significantly less in CHD patients than in controls. Also, PON1 activity correlated positively with HDLC and negatively with atherogenic coefficient, and cardiac risk ratios 1 and 2 in CHD patients. Conclusions: This study showed that CHD is associated with high lipid levels and atherogenic indexes, and low PON1 activity and HDL-C concentrations. Coronary heart disease is a pernicious disease requiring prolonged medical management and hypolipidemic drugs.
Coronary artery bypass grafting in different age groups: One-year results of monitoring; It was studied mortality indexes within one year after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) in patients of different age groups and the factors associated with the occurrence of adverse event were established. 866 patients underwent CABG. In year about 204 (23.6%) patients could not be obtained; these patients were excluded from the study. The remaining 662 (76.4%) patients were divided into 4 groups according to their age. The first group consisted of patients up to 60 years old (n=363), the second group — 60—64 years (n=140), the third group — 65—69 years (n=88), the fourth group —70 years and older (n=71). Within a year after CABG mortality of patients was 3.8% and was not significantly different in different age groups. Cardiovascular mortality was higher in patients aged 65—69 years than in younger groups and in patients 70 years and older. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed independent factors determining death including preoperative atherogenic index, decreased left ventricular ejection fraction, renal failure after surgery, duration of cardiopulmonary bypass and myocardial infarction in anamnesis. It was concluded that age per se does not influence on one-year mortality after coronary artery bypass grafting. © 2014, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Can statins help "good cholesterol" to become even better; Background: Ischemic heart disease (IHD) is a most common manifestation of generalised atherosclerosis. Hyperlipidemia is one of the most significant risk factors causing atherosclerosis. Becouse of this, statin therapy is the "guideline" in therapy of hyperlipoproteinemia. Aim: The aim of this study was to show the hypolipemic effect of statins. Material and Methods: The research included 74 patients with hyperlipoproteinemia type II and III, with (59 patients) or without (15) coronary disease diagnosis. All patients have been treated with statins. In all patients, we analizing statins hypolipemic effects, and the research was carried out: before therapy, after 2 and 6 weeks, 3 months, and than every 3 months during 2 years of treatment. Results: Target value of lipoprotein profile parameter is achieved after 3-6 months of statin treatment. According to the results HDL-cholesterol was changed with the statins for 12.5% average; the highest average value change of 27.5% was recorded at the end of follow-up, and the minimal mean change, observed 2 weeks after therapy initiation was 4.59%. Conclusion: The statin therapy has significant effect on lipoprotein profile and atherogenic index. That effect is the most intensive after 3 month therapy, and target level of lipoprotein parameter are achieved after 3-6 months of statin treatment. © 2013 Iric-Cupic V.
Pioglitazone reduces atherogenic index of plasma in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Insulin resistance is often associated with increased triglyceride (TG) and decreased HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and increased small LDL particles. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), defined as log(TG/HDL-C), has recently been proposed as a marker of plasma atherogenicity because it is increased in people at higher risk for coronary heart disease and is inversely correlated with LDL particle size. We studied the effect of pioglitazone, a thiazolidinedione that reduces insulin resistance, on the AIP of patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: The data for the analysis of AIP in this report were obtained from four randomized, double-blind, multicenter, parallel-group, placebo-controlled clinical trials. Pioglitazone was used as monotherapy in one study and in combination therapy in three studies. Fasting glucose, insulin, HDL-C, and TGs plus glycohemoglobin (HbA1C) were measured at baseline and various points during each study. Results: Patients in this study population with type 2 diabetes had high AIP values at baseline. Pioglitazone treatment significantly decreased AIP from baseline in each of the study groups. Pioglitazone treatment groups had a significantly lower AIP compared with their respective placebo controls. Finally, AIP was inversely and significantly correlated with measures of insulin sensitivity, such as the homeostasis model assessment and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index. In contrast, AIP was not significantly correlated with HbA1C. Conclusions: Pioglitazone reduced AIP when used as monotherapy or in combination therapy with sulfonylurea, metformin, or insulin. AIP was inversely correlated with measures of insulin sensitivity. © 2004 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
Nutritional quality indices of milk fat from goats on diets supplemented with different roughages; The experiment was conducted to evaluate the nutritional indices of milk fat of 1/2 Boer × Saanen goats on diets supplemented with three roughages. Eighteen goats under a semi-intensive system were divided into groups, and fed an ad libitum supplement of sorghum silage, maize silage or mulberry hay. Nutritional indices were determined from three milk samples taken during winter (August) and spring-summer (average of November and December). Using mixed statistical models, the animal error was computed as a random effect. The season and supplement were fixed. The winter season was markedly better for all variables (P< 0.01), while short-chain fatty acids did not change (P> 0.05). Interactions only occurred between the thrombogenic index and the C12:0/C10:0 ratio, where the higher values that are potentially more harmful to human health were obtained in the spring-summer season in animals fed maize silage, followed by the averages of other treatments during the same season. The values for unsaturated fatty acids, atherogenic index and thrombogenic index indicated differences between supplements, with better values for goats fed with sorghum silage and mulberry hay. Grazing Boer × Saanen goats supplemented with mulberry hay or sorghum silage provided milk with better lipid indices for the prevention of human coronary diseases. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Body fat deposition and risk factors of cardiovascular diseases in men; Purpose. To determine whether risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (anthropometry, blood pressure, blood lipid profile) differ between men classified into the three relative body fat %BF categories (%BF ≤ 19: healthy; %BF>19 and %BF<30: overweight, and %BF ≥ 30: obesity).Basic procedures. A total of 112 volunteers from Brasília, Brazil, were submitted to the measurement of body weight, height and waist, abdominal and hip circumference. The body mass index (BMI) and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) were calculated. %BF and body fat topography (arm, leg and trunk %BF) were estimated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Blood pressure was measured by auscultation and blood variables were determined by an enzymatic method. Univariate analysis of variance, one-way analysis of variance and the Scheffé post hoc test were used for statistical analysis (p<0.05).Main findings. The three %BF groups differed significantly in terms of body weight and body circumference measures, with higher mean values being observed the higher the %BF. Fasting glycemia and high-density lipoprotein did not differ between groups, indicating the interference of other factors. BMI, WHR, blood pressure, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, atherogenic index and atherogenic cholesterol were statistically similar in the overweight and obese groups and differed significantly from the healthy group.Conclusions. Abdominal, waist, hip circumference and body fat topography (arm, leg and trunk %BF) differ between the three %BF groups. None of the blood variables differed significantly between the overweight and obese groups. The cutoff %BF>19 (measured by DXA) seems to be a good parameter to indicate cardiovascular risk factors in men.
Risk of cardiovascular complications in patients with type II diabetes mellitus in relation to serum triacylglycerols; BACKGROUND: The importance of serum triacylglycerols (TG) as a risk factor of cardiovascular complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients has been emphasized in recent studies. OBJECTIVES: In the study of our group of NIDDM patients with and without coronary artery disease (CAD), it has been expedient to follow: 1. the difference in their serum TG, VLDL lipoprotein, total, HDL and LDL cholesterol levels, 2. dependence of other parameters on TG, 3. to answer the question as to what extent the lowering of TG in NIDDM patients is expected to be decreasing the risk of CAD. METHODS: The investigated groups included the total of 39 NIDDM out-patients; 20 with manifest signs of CAD. The lipoproteins were measured using the BIO-LACHEMAR kits. MAIN RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: In CAD group, the serum TG and VLDL were significantly increased, HDL cholesterol being lower (p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p < 0.02, respectively). The TG-to-HDL cholesterol, TG-to-total cholesterol ratios and atherogenic index (= total cholesterol-to-HDL cholesterol ratio) were in the CAD group also significantly higher (p < 0.02, p < 0.02 and p < 0.002, respectively). Furthermore, the serum TG was positively correlated with the atherogenic index and LDL (p < 0.001 and p < 0.05; r = 0.603 and r = 0.397, respectively). The logarithm of TG was a strong positive correlate of the total cholesterol (p < 0.001; r = 0.584). On the other hand, the serum TG was negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol (p < 0.005; r = -0.466). When logarithm of TG was taken, the statistical significance of all these correlations was even higher. The serum TG levels were significantly higher in patients with CAD. (Tab. 2, Fig. 7, Ref. 10.)
Antioxidant activity and lipid peroxidation in preeclampsia; Background: Epidemiologic studies demonstrate a relation between preeclampsia and an increased risk of future maternal coronary heart disease. The pathophysiology of the underlying mechanism is unknown. Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism may contribute to endothelial dysfunction. Oxidative stress and decreased antioxidant defense enhances free radical-mediated membrane lipid peroxidation and possibly vascular endothelial damage. The aim of this study was to elucidate the possible relation between lipidemic status, lipid peroxidation and albumin with total antioxidant activity (AOA) that may contribute to atherogenicity in preeclamptic women. Methods: Twenty-five women with preeclampsia and 25 normal pregnant women who were matched for maternal and gestational age were selected for the study. Total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI), malondialdehyde (MDA), a marker of lipid peroxidation, AOA and albumin levels were measured. Results: MDA, TC and AI were significantly elevated (p<0.001), and HDL-C, AOA and albumin levels were significantly decreased (p<0.001) in preeclamptic patients compared to the control group. Conclusion: We conclude that hypercholesterolemia leads to excessive lipid peroxidation. Coexistent diminution in antioxidant activity leads to an imbalance between prooxidants and antioxidants, resulting in oxidative stress. Oxidative stress and elevated AI may contribute to atherogenicity in preeclampsia. © 2007 Elsevier. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of obesity and dyslipidaemia in hypertensives seen in Abuja, Nigeria; This is a report of observations on a hospital-based study over the prevalence of obesity and dyslipidaemia seen in hypertensives attending our hypertension clinic. 409 patients were screened and 315 (77%) found hypertensive (BP>140/70 mmHg): 71.6% of 109 women screened (mean systolic 165 mmHg) were obese (BMI>30) as against 50.5% of 184 men (mean systolic 161 mmHg). Total cholesterol (TC) concentration was higher in women (mean, 5.28 mmol/L) [4.9-5.8 mmol/L] than in men (mean, 5.1 mmol/L) [5,0-5.4 mmol/L] but the mean atherogenic index (TC/HDL-cholesterol) was higher in men (4.8) than in women (4.1) (normal <4.5). The aim of this study is to sensitise our relevant clinicians to look for obesity and dyslipidaemia coexisting with hypertension, treat such cases aggressively to avoid coronary event and progressive renal disease. This study is to be extended to other geopolitical zones in Nigeria through the coordination of Nigerian Association of Clinical Chemists (NACC).
Influence polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 on coagulation and fibrinolysis systems in patients with NIDDM; 35 patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 complicated with hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease, were treated for 8 months with poseidonol which incorporates essential polyunsaturated fatty acids and fat-soluble vitamins. Poseidonol reduced atherogenic index from 4.2 to 3.15. The study of blood coagulation and fibrinolysis points to signs of hypocoagulation and normalization of fibrinolytic activity against previous hypercoagulation and fibrinolysis depression.
The effect of a high-intensity interval training program on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in young men; Musa, DI, Adeniran, SA, Dikko, AU, and Sayers, SP. The effect of a high-intensity interval training program on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in young men. J Strength Cond Res 23(2): 587-592, 2009-This study examined the impact of an 8-week program of high-intensity interval training on highdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), and the atherogenic index (TC/HDL-C) in 36 untrained men ages 21-36 years. Participants were randomly assigned to an interval training group (n = 20) or a control group (n = 16). Participants in the experimental group performed 3.2 km of interval running (1:1 work:rest ratio) 3 times a week for 8 weeks at an intensity of 90% of maximal heart rate (̃423 kcal per session). Results indicated significant pre- to posttraining changes in HDL-C (1.1 vs. 1.3 mmol·L -1, p < 0.0001) and TC/ HDL-C (3.8 vs. 3.1, p < 0.0001) but no significant changes in TC (3.9 vs. 3.8 ·L -1, p > 0.05) with interval training. It was concluded that an 8-week program of high-intensity interval training is effective in eliciting favorable changes in HDL-C and TC/HDL-C but not TC in young adult men with normal TC levels. Our findings support the recommendations of highintensity interval training as an alternative mode of exercise to improve blood lipid profiles for individuals with acceptable physical fitness levels. © 2009 National Strength and Conditioning Association.
Orally and transdermally replaced estradiol improves endothelial function equally in middle-aged women after surgical menopause; OBJECTIVE: Improvement in endothelial function may be an important mechanism by which estrogen replacement therapy protects postmenopausal women against coronary artery disease. We determined whether the vascular effects of estradiol depend on the route of administration. STUDY DESIGN: Six weeks after surgically induced menopause, 43 healthy women were assigned randomly to 28 weeks of treatment by either orally or transdermally replaced estradiol. Endothelium-dependent and endothelium-independent dilation were calculated with the use of the diameters of the brachial artery that were measured at rest by high resolution ultrasound scanning after reactive hyperemia and after sublingual glyceryl trinitrate. RESULTS: Endothelium-dependent dilation increased after oral estradiol replacement from 6% ± 3.9% to 13.2% ± 4.4% (P < .0001) and after transdermal estradiol replacement from 7% ± 4.9% to 14.9% ± 5.6% (P < .0001). Endothelium-independent dilation did not change significantly in either group. The improvements in endothelium-dependent dilation after estrogen substitution were independent of the changes in blood lipids and lipoproteins. CONCLUSION: Both oral and transdermal long-term replacement of estradiol lead to improved endothelial function in healthy middle-aged women after surgically induced menopause.; Indications:Prophylaxis of surgically induced menopause in 21 patients.; Patients:43 healthy women. Estraderm TTS group: n=21, mean age 47.8 ± 4.1 years. Oral estradiol group: n=20, mean age 49.2 ± 4.0 years.; TypeofStudy:A prospective, double-blind study comparing the effects of prolonged administration of transdermal (Estraderm TTS) or oral estradiol (E2) on endothelium-dependent and endothelium-independent vasodilation in healthy women after surgically induced menopause.; DosageDuration:50 mg daily given as a patch transdermally. Duration was 28 weeks.; ComparativeDrug:Estrogen (Estrofem) 2 mg daily given as a tablet orally. Duration was 28 weeks.; AdverseEffects:No adverse events were mentioned.; Results:1 woman from each group did not complete the study for personal reasons. No woman in the study used <92% of the estimated dosages of medication. There were no differences between the two groups at the beginning of the study in age, in active smoking, in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, in body mass index, and in waist-to-hip ratio. All women were normotensive. After the treatment period, these parameters were unchanged. There were no differences in serum lipid and lipoprotein values between the two groups at the beginning or end of the study. After oral E2 administration, LDL-C levels decreased by 13.4% (P< .01) and Lp(a) lipoprotein by 18.1% (P < .05), and HDL-C levels increased by 15.8% (P < .05). After Estraderm TTS, triglyceride levels decreased by 10.2% (P < .02), and HDL-C levels increased by 8.9% (P < .03). The total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio and LDL-C/HDL-C ratio decreased in each group, the decrease of the latter being significant only in the oral E2 group. No differences between groups were observed in the baseline diameters and increases in blood flow during reactive hyperemia of the brachial arteries. In the group in which E2 was replaced orally, the FMD increased from 6.0% ± 3.9% to 13.2% ± 4.4% (P< .001); in the Estraderm TTS group, the FMD increased from 7.0% ± 4.9% to 14.9% ± 5.6% (P < .001). The improvement in FMD of the brachial artery was not significantly different between the groups. FMD improved in all women in each groups. GTN-mediated dilation did not change significantly in either group. At the beginning and end of the study, we found no correlation of FMD with any clinical or laboratory characteristics. The improvement of FMD was independent of changes in lipid parameters.; AuthorsConclusions:In conclusion, the results of our study show that, in healthy middle-aged women after surgical menopause, oral and transdermal E2 replacement improves endothelial function equally, independently of their lipid modifying effects. Although the significance of the improvement in endothelial function for long-term prognosis of atherosclerotic disease is unknown, we can assume that it may result in the stabilization of atherosclerotic plaques and that the route of E2 replacement does not affect these beneficial effects in the process of atherosclerosis.; FreeText:Power calculations were performed with the assumption that the study should be able to detect a true difference in flow-mediated dilation (FMD) dilation of 2%, with 90% probability at the two-sided 5% level of significance. With an assumed standard deviation (SD) of FMD measurement of 3%, the minimum target trial size was estimated to be 19 subjects in each group. The power calculations were done before the study, and the power of the study was >0.9. At clinical examination, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were measured. Anthropometric parameters were determined, and body mass index was calculated. Waist circumference was measured. Blood for the analysis of lipids, and Lp(a) lipoprotein was collected. Concentrations of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides were determined by standard colorimetric assays. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) was calculated from Friedewald's formula. The atherogenic indices were calculated as the ratio between triglycerides and HDL-C and between LDL-C and HDL-C. Lp(a) lipoprotein was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The endothelium-dependent and endothelium-independent dilation of the right brachial artery were studied with a high-resolution B-mode ultrasound system. The subjects rested in the supine position for 10 minutes before hemodynamic measurements were performed. The right brachial artery was scanned in the longitudinal section 2 to 15 cm above the elbow to find the clearest images of the anterior and posterior wall layers. The mean arterial diameter was measured at the end of diastole, which was determined by the simultaneous monitoring of the electrocardiogram (ECG; concurrent with the onset of QRS complex). The blood flow velocity was measured at a fixed incident angle of 68 degrees to the vessel with the range gate (1.3 mm), which was located in the center of the artery. The baseline (resting) blood flow was estimated by multiplying the velocity time integral of the Doppler blood flow signal (corrected for incident angle) by the vessel cross-sectional area. Hyperemic blood flow increase was induced by the inflation of a blood pressure tourniquet. Hyperemic flow (with an increased blood flow that produced an endothelium-dependent stimulus to vasodilation) was recorded for the first 15 seconds; diameter measurements were taken 45 to 60 seconds after cuff deflation. A relative blood flow increase during reactive hyperemia was calculated as the maximum blood flow recorded during the first 15 seconds after cuff release, divided by the blood flow during rest. The endothelium-dependent dilation was expressed as the percentage of the change of the diameter after reactive hyperemia relative to the baseline scan. A sublingual tablet of 0.5 mg of glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) was then administered; 4.5 minutes later, the final scan was performed. The endothelium-independent dilation was expressed as the percentage of change in the diameter after GTN administration, relative to the baseline scan.
The protective role of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu extract on diet-induced hypercholesterolemia in rats; This study was carried out to investigate the protective potential of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu, comprising six crude drugs, on coronary heart disease which is the principal cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The diet-induced hypercholesterolemic rat model, which shows an elevation in low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and atherosclerosis, was employed. The control rats fed a diet of 1% cholesterol and 0.5% cholic acid showed the highest cholesterol levels in serum and feces relative to those fed a normal diet, however, the rats administered Kangen-karyu extract showed reductions in these levels without changes in liver cholesterol, indicating that the reduction of serum total cholesterol by Kangen-karyu extract probably arises from an increase in cholesterol excretion. Furthermore, the administration of Kangen-karyu extract significantly prevented the elevation of serum aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase, known as marker enzymes of liver damage. The elevated serum levels of LDL cholesterol were lowered, however, the high density lipoprotein cholesterol level was significantly elevated by Kangen-karyu extract and these were dose-dependent decreases in the atherogenic index to 15.2, 8.8 and 7.5 at oral doses of 50, 100 and 200 mg from the 19.4 control value, respectively. In addition, Kangen-karyu extract inhibited LDL oxidation in a dose-dependent manner, and the elevated level of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances in control rats showed a decline by the administration of Kangen-karyu extract. The present study suggests that Kangen-karyu could play a protective role against hypercholesterolemia through the regulation of cholesterol levels and inhibition of lipid peroxidation. © 2006 Pharmaceutical Society of Japan.
Regular physical activity and changes in risk factors for coronary heart disease: A nine months prospective study; This study reports the non-acute effects of a long-term training programme of increasing intensity on some cardiovascular risk factors and the interrelation between these risk factors. Twenty sedentary men and 14 sedentary women were trained 3 to 4 times a week for nine months. After 36 weeks all individuals ran a half marathon run. The W(max), weight, body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were recorded. The concentrations of fibrinogen, tissue plasminogen activator, plasminogen activator inhibitor, triacylglycerols, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and lipoprotein(a) were measured. The training programme induced a median increase in W(max) of 12% in the male group (from 226 to 251.5 Watt) and of 18% in the female group (from 160 to 188.5 Watt). These increases in W(max) did not correlate with any other property under investigation in this study. Blood pressure was not altered, but body weight and body mass index were significantly decreased in the male group (from 74.6 to 72.2 kg and from 23.1 to 22.0 kg/m2, respectively) at the end of the training programme and decreased non-significantly in the female group (from 63.0 to 60.7 kg and from 21.6 to 21.5 kg/m2, respectively). In the male group total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerols decreased significantly under the influence of the training sessions. Furthermore, in both groups, a great decrease in plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor concentrations was noticed: in men from 22.5 103 AU/l to 4.5 103 AU/l and in women from 18.7 103 AU/l to 5.1 103 AU/l. However, the changes in the lipid and fibrinolytic quantities were not correlated with each other. Initial total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels correlated significantly with systolic blood pressure, while diastolic pressure was correlated to tissue plasminogen activator. Since tissue plasminogen activator also was significantly related to triacylglycerols, a trias existed between primary risk factors like blood pressure, lipid levels and fibrinolysis. In contrast, the changes in these properties under the influence of physical training were not interrelated. Median serum lipoprotein(a) concentrations were significantly increased in both men and women five days before the half marathon run: from 32 mg/l to 39 mg/l in men, and from 65 mg/l to 125.5 mg/l in women. Concomitantly, median fibrinogen concentrations were significantly elevated in men (from 2.32 g/l to 3.10 g/l and non-significantly in women (from 2.62 g/l to 2.93 g/l, although no correlation existed between the changes in these properties. In conclusion, the nine months exercise programme increased the aerobic fitness in both men and women as indicated by the W(max) increase. This improvement coincided but was not correlated with beneficial changes in several anthropometric, lipid and fibrinolytic properties. Improvement in the risk factors under investigation was more pronounced in men than in women. The changes in lipid and haemostasis properties did not correlate with each other. The increases in lipoprotein(a) and fibrinogen concentrations, both atherogenic indices, could actually present a normal physiological response to the physical strain of exercise training of increasing workload.
Spontaneous redistribution after reperfusion: A unique property of AIP 201, an ultrasound contrast agent; Objectives. We sought to determine the mechanism of spontaneous redistribution of AIP 201 microbubbles after reperfusion from a single left heart injection performed during coronary occlusion. Background. AIP 201, an ultrasound contrast agent consisting of 10-μm sized microbubbles, has demonstrated spontaneous myocardial redistribution in preliminary studies. Methods. Myocardial video intensity (VI) and radiolabeled microsphere- derived myocardial blood flow (MBF) were measured serially after reperfusion in seven dogs undergoing an AIP 201 injection during coronary occlusion. The behavior of these bubbles was also assessed in the rat spinotrapezius muscle using intravital microscopy (IM), both with and without ultrasound. The effect of ultrasound on these bubbles was also determined in vitro. Results. A spontaneous and gradual increase in myocardial VI was noted after reperfusion, which was related to the magnitude of increase in MBF to that region (r = 0.82, p < 0.001). On IM, most of the microbubbles were seen entrapped in small arterioles. Some larger arterioles had aggregates of microbubbles that periodically became dislodged and moved downstream. This behavior was not affected in vivo by ultrasound. In vitro, however, microbubble aggregation was noted only during ultrasound exposure. Conclusions. The magnitude of redistribution of AIP 201 microbubbles to the reperfused myocardium is related to changes in MBF and occurs from their dislodgement from microbubble aggregates entrapped in large arterioles. In vitro microbubble aggregation seen during ultrasound exposure was not reproduced in vivo. These results may have important implications for studying the effects of interventions in acute coronary syndromes and after coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Orally delivered microencapsulated live probiotic formulation lowers serum lipids in hypercholesterolemic hamsters; Elevated serum cholesterol is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease. Nutritional therapies such as probiotics have been suggested to manage elevated cholesterol. This study investigates the cholesterol and triglyceride lowering potential of a microencapsulated feruloyl esterase-producing Lactobacillus fermentum 11976 (LF11976) probiotic formulation. Male Bio F 1B hamsters were assigned to two groups to receive either the microcapsule probiotic formulation (containing LF11976 cells at 12.51 log colony-forming units/mL) or placebo formulation (empty) microcapsules, twice daily, by oral gavage for 18 weeks. For the duration of the study, animals were fed a hypercholesterolemic diet. Serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and the atherogenic index were 21.36, 31.43, and 32.59 lower in the group gavaged with the microencapsulated probiotic formulation than in the placebo control group after 18 weeks (P < .05). Histology studies showed reduced progression of atherosclerotic lesions in animals treated with microencapsulated LF11976 as compared to control animals. Treatment with microencapsulated LF11976 formulation produces significant reductions in serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and serum triglyceride levels in diet-induced hypercholesterolemic hamsters. Findings suggest the potential of the oral microencapsulated probiotic cell formulation as a functional nutritional alternative for managing excessive serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Lipid profile of postmenopausal women in Calabar, Nigeria; The study aimed to determine the influence of menopause on lipid profile in women. The serum lipid profile consisting of total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) and atherogenic index (TC/HDL-C ratio) of 51 postmenopausal women and 43 premenopausal women were estimated colorimetrically using the enzymatic method. The subjects were arranged in two different age ranges of 25-45 years and above 45 years of age. The premenopausal and postmenopausal women were recruited and classified using a comprehensive questionnaire. The total cholesterol, LDL-C and atherogenic index of post menopausal women and women above 45 years of age were significantly (p<0.05) higher and HDL-C lower than those of the premenopausal women and women between 25-45 years of age. No significant differences (p>0.05) were observed in both TG and VLDL-C levels in both the postmenopausal and premenopausal women and also in women in the specified age ranges of 25-45 years and above 45 years. There is therefore evidence of a protective effect of endogenous estrogen against arteriosclerosis and coronary heart disease, as evidenced by increased HDL-C levels and reduced LDL-C and atherogenic index of the premenopausal women. © Asian Network for Scientific Information, 2006.
Exercise in outpatient complex rehabilitation and secondary prophylaxis in patients with ischemic heart disease after acute coronary events (a cooperative trial in Russia); Aim. To assess efficacy of early and long-term exercise in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD) after acute coronary events (acute myocardial infarction - AMI, unstable angina - UA, coronary artery bypass grafting - CABG) in wide outpatient medical practice of Russia. Material and methods. Three to eight weeks after the acute coronary event (ACE) 373 patients from different clinics of RF regions were randomized into two groups: the study group (n = 188) and a control one (n = 185). Both groups received standard therapy, the study group performed also a special exercise program (moderate exercise for maximum 1 hour 3 times a week for a year). The efficacy of the treatment was assessed by clinical, device and biochemical findings during 6-month follow-up. Results. Physical work capacity, total amount of performed work (PW) in stress test rose in the study group by 26.5% (p < 0.01) and 59.4% (p < 0.01), respectively; HRmax and BPSmax × HRmax increased by 6.4 and 9.8%, respectively, p < 0.01); PW/Hrpeak rose by 48.6% (p < 0.01), PW/DP peak - by 45.9% (p < 0.01). Left ventricular ejection fraction increased by 5.6% (p < 0.05), LV stroke volume - by 3.4% (p < 0.05). In 6 months, controls demonstrated a 4.7% (p < 0.05) rise in HDLP cholesterol, total cholesterol lowered in the study group by 6.4% (p < 0.01), body mass index - by 1.9%, number of anginal attacks - by 0.9%. Conclusion. The proposed exercise program is effective and can be applied in outpatients after acute coronary events. The program can be also used as a method of secondary prophylaxis as it lowers total cholesterol, atherogenic index and body mass index.
The validity of the separate determination of total cholesterol in the primary prevention of coronary risk; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to validate total cholesterol (TC) determination in the primary prevention of coronary risk and evaluate the prevalence of low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels at the different TC cut-off points to thereby determine the TC level at which HDL-C determination is of interest. METHODS: The atherogenic index was used as the reference method in TC evaluation with the values of low HDL-C levels being evaluated at the following TC cut-off points: 160, 180, 200, 220, 240, 250, and 300 mg/dl (4.44; 4.66; 5.18; 5.70; 6.22; 6.48; 7.77 mmol/l). According to the results of the Framingham study the atherogenic index or the existence of low HDL-C levels were considered as abnormal. The sample included 4,162 workers from the province of Alicante (Spain) selected by consecutive sampling and opportunistic search in January and February, 1993. Validity was calculated with confidence interval of 95%. RESULTS: The atherogenic index was high in 43.7% of the sample, ranging from 6% in the population with TC lower than 160 mg/dl (4.14 mmol/l) to 76.4% in those oscillating between 250-299 mg/dl (6.48-7.76 mmol/l). Low HDL-C levels were detected in 20.1% with a prevalence ranging from 38.8% in those with a TC of less than 160 mg/dl (4.14 mmol/l) to 11.9% in those with TC > or = 250 mg/dl (> or = 6.48 mmol/l). The cut-off points for low TC had high sensitivity (S) and low specificity (SP) (160 mg/dl [4.14 mmol/l]: S = 91.1%, SP = 11.5%; 180 mg/dl [4.66 mmol/l]: S = 95.2%, SP = 30.2%). The highest TC points presented very low S and very high SP (250 mg/dl [6.48 mmol/l]: S = 46.3%, SP = 87.7%; 300 mg/dl [6.48 mmol/l]: S = 7.4%, SP = 97%). CONCLUSIONS: The HDL-cholesterol should be determined in people with a total cholesterol of less than 200 mg/dl (5.18 mmol/l) since, in this group there is an important percentage of individuals with an altered atherogenic index and low HDL-C levels.
Lipid Pentad Index: A novel bioindex for evaluation of lipid risk factors for atherosclerosis in young adolescents and children of premature coronary artery disease patients in India; Objective: To evaluate the role of non-conventional lipid risk factors like Lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], Apolipoprotein A-I (Apo A-I) and Apolipoprotein B-100 (Apo B-100) and other conventional lipid profile parameters in children and adolescents of premature coronary artery disease (CAD) patients in India; and thereby explain the highest occurrence of premature CAD in this population. Methods: Forty-five children and adolescents of premature CAD patients (cases, mean age 12.08 ± 3.71 years) and forty-five age and sex matched children and adolescents of healthy parents without any history or clinical evidence suggestive of CAD were studied (controls, mean age 12.14 ± 3.91 years). Results: We found a significant increase in mean levels of Lp(a), Apo B-100, Total cholesterol (TC), Low Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol(LDL-C) and Triglyceride (TG) in cases than controls. In contrast, Apo A-I and High Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol (HDL-C) values decreased. Lipid Tetrad Index (LTI) and Atherogenic Index in Indian children and adolescents were also calculated. Kolmogorov D statistic and cumulative probability plot suggest that the new Lipid Pentad Index (LPI) defined by us is able to discriminate case and control populations more precisely than the existing LTI and Atherogenic Index. Conclusions: The new proposed LPI appears to be a better indicator of lipid risk factors in children and adolescents of premature CAD patients from India, than the prior LTI and Atherogenic Index. © 2006 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists.
Ezetimibe/simvastatin: A review of its use in the management of hypercholesterolemia; Ezetimibe/simvastatin (Inegy™, Vytorin™) therapy combines two lipid-lowering compounds with complementary mechanisms of action, thereby blocking the two sources of plasma cholesterol and improving lipid profiles. Thus, intestinal absorption of dietary cholesterol and related phytosterols is blocked by ezetimibe, with the biosynthesis of cholesterol in the liver inhibited by simvastatin. Developing management trends for primary hypercholesterolemia include the aggressive reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) to goals lower than previously considered appropriate, the targeting of lipid subtractions and atherogenic indices other than LDL-C alone, and the broader use of combination lipid-lowering therapy. In line with these trends, ezetimibe/simvastatin is an effective and generally well tolerated adjunct to dietary therapy for markedly reducing LDL-C levels, providing a 52% reduction with the recommended starting dosage. Furthermore, ezetimibe/simvastatin is formulated with variable doses of simvastatin (i.e. 10/10mg, 10/20mg, 10/40mg, and 10/80mg) and hence, the dosage may be adjusted to suit the individual patient's needs. As longer-term efficacy, tolerability, economic and outcome data accrue, ezetimibe/simvastatin will be positioned more definitively relative to existing and emerging lipid-lowering treatments. Currently, ezetimibe/simvastatin therapy represents a valuable novel option for the management of primary hypercholesterolemia across diverse patient populations and as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering treatments in those with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. Pharmacologic Properties. Plasma cholesterol is derived from intestinal absorption and biosynthesis. Ezetimibe/simvastatin combines two lipid-lowering agents with complementary mechanisms of action and thus inhibits both of these sources of plasma cholesterol. Ezetimibe and its primary glucuronide metabolite localize to the small intestine and selectively inhibit the absorption of cholesterol and related phytosterols. Simvastatin, an inactive prodrug, is hydrolyzed in the liver to β-hydroxysimvastatin, which inhibits HMG-CoA reductase and hepatic cholesterol synthesis. Importantly, the ezetimibe/simvastatin tablet formulation is bioequivalent to coadministered ezetimibe plus simvastatin. Ezetimibe is rapidly absorbed after oral administration, and undergoes glucuronidation in enterocytes. Both ezetimibe and its glucuronide localize in the intestinal lumen with minimal systemic distribution. The pharmacokinetics of ezetimibe are not significantly altered by concomitant food ingestion, age, bodyweight, sex, race, or renal impairment. However, ezetimibe is not recommended in patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment. Ezetimibe has no major influence on the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins, and has shown no clinically significant drug interactions with statins or fibrates. Importantly, ezetimibe does not significantly influence the pharmacokinetics of simvastatin. Simvastatin is well absorbed after oral administration and undergoes extensive first-pass hepatic metabolism. Simvastatin and its primary active metabolite, β-hydroxysimvastatin, localize in the liver, with minimal systemic distribution. The pharmacokinetics of simvastatin are largely independent of age and sex, and dosage adjustments are considered unnecessary in patients with mild or moderate renal impairment. Drug interactions may occur between simvastatin and other agents that are inhibitors of cytochrome P450 3A4, other compounds that may cause myopathy, and coumarin anticoagulants. Therapeutic Efficacy. In 12- to 23-week randomized, double-blind, multicenter clinical trials, ezetimibe/simvastatin combination therapy improved lipid profiles in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia, reducing atherogenic lipids (e.g. LDL-C, triglycerides, total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [non-HDL-C], and apolipoprotein B) and increased anti-atherogenic lipids (e.g. HDL-C). Pooled-dosage analyses indicated that ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/10-10/80 mg/day reduced mean plasma LDL-C levels (50-53% reduction) considerably more than ezetimibe 10 mg/day monotherapy (18-20%) or simvastatin 10-80 mg/day monotherapy (36-39%) [primary endpoint in most trials]. These differences were generally consistent across the subgroups analyzed. In individual-dosage analyses, the lowest-dosage ezetimibe/simvastatin combination (10/10 mg/day) reduced mean plasma LDL-C levels to a similar extent as the highest dosage of simvastatin monotherapy (80 mg/day). Moreover, the decrease in plasma LDL-C level with ezetimibe/simvastatin treatment was significantly greater than for the corresponding or next-higher schedule of simvastatin monotherapy. In addition, significantly more ezetimibe/simvastatin than simvastatin monotherapy recipients attained LDL-C goals (75-87% vs 43-64%) [primary endpoint in one trial]. Reductions in plasma LDL-C levels in ezetimibe/simvastatin recipients were sustained for at least 48 weeks in a 48-week double-blind extension phase of a 6-week double-blind trial. Ezetimibe/simvastatin was effective across diverse patient populations, including in hypercholesterolemic patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and in those with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. Pharmacoeconomic Considerations. A decision analytic model showed that coadministration of ezetimibe 10 mg/day plus simvastatin 10 mg/day increased remaining life expectancy compared with statin titration in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) who fail to reach target total cholesterol levels with simvastatin 10 mg/day alone. In a Finnish study, ezetimibe/simvastatin was projected to increase remaining life expectancy by 0.19-1.91 years compared with a 42% uptitration rate for patients not at target levels and by 0.03-0.86 years compared with a 100% uptitration rate for patients not at goal (year of costing not reported). In a Spanish cost-effectiveness analysis in CHD or CHD-equivalent patients, ezetimibe/simvastatin was shown to be a cost-effective alternative to an atorvastatin titration strategy in patients who failed to attain their LDL-C goal with atorvastatin alone. Ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg/day was projected to increase life expectancy by 0.34 years versus atorvastatin titrated to reach LDL-C goal in CHD patients and by 0.18 years in CHD-equivalent patients, with a discounted incremental cost per life-year saved with ezetimibe/simvastatin treatment of €8685 and €17 269, respectively (year of costing not reported). Tolerability. Ezetimibe/simvastatin combination therapy was generally well tolerated in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia, with an overall tolerability profile similar to those of its constituents and placebo. Treatment-related adverse events were documented in 14-20% of combination therapy recipients versus 13-19% of simvastatin-treated patients. No serious treatment-related adverse events were reported in ezetimibe/simvastatin during clinical trials. In pooled data from three similarly designed placebo-controlled trials, adverse events reported in at least 2% of ezetimibe/simvastatin recipients (10/10, 10/20, 10/40, or 10/80 mg/day) and at a greater incidence than placebo regardless of causality were headache (6.8% vs 6.4% with placebo treatment), upper respiratory tract infection (3.9% vs 2.6%), influenza (2.6% vs 1%), myalgia (3.5% vs 2.9%), and pain in extremity (2.3% vs 1.3%). In any individual trial, up to 2% of ezetimibe/simvastatin-treated patients experienced sustained elevations of plasma transaminase levels. Although in one study significantly more patients given ezetimibe/simvastatin than simvastatin had such elevations, these increases were generally asymptomatic and no patients had hepatitis or other signs of hepatotoxicity. In these trials, the overall incidence of creatine kinase elevations was ≤1%, and no ezetimibe/simvastatin recipients experienced myopathy or rhabdomyolysis. © 2004 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Risk of Coronary Heart Disease in Women after Menopause; An increase in the incidence of coronary heart disease risk has commonly been reported in postmenopausal women. The study population comprised 263 adult healthy men and 237 women (104 premenopausal and 133 postmenopausal) ranging in age group of 21-70 years who were examined for coronary heart disease risk factors from Nellore district in Andhra Pradesh. Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure and serum lipids were analysed using standard procedures. There were no significant differences for anthropometric variables between postmenopausal and premenopausal women. Postmenopausal women had significantly higher levels of blood pressure, pulse rate, serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and ratios of total cholesterol : high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol as atherogenic indices than premenopausal women and the corresponding age group of male counterparts. However, the variation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels between these groups were not statistically significant. The prevalence of hypertension, hypercholesterolaemia, hypertriglyceridaemia and atherogenic indices was significantly greater in postmenopausal women than in premenopausal women. This study confirms a higher prevalence of risk factors for coronary heart disease among women in older age group and suggests that when oestrogen production ceases in menopausal women, the risk of coronary heart disease increases.
Time-dependence of hypolipemic statin effects; Ischemic heart disease (IHD) is a most common manifestation of generalized atherosclerosis. Hyperlipidemia is one of the most significant risk factors among over 250 factors causing atherosclerosis. Because of this, statin therapy is the "guideline" in therapy of hyperlipoproteinemia. The aim of this study was to show the hypolipemic effect of statins. The research included 74 patients with hyperlipoproteinemia type II and III, with (59 patients) or without (15) coronary disease. All patients have been treated with statins (70 by atorvastatin, 4 by simvastatin). In all patients, we analized hypolipemic effects of statins. Having in mind the pharmacological effects of statins (2, 3), the research was carried out: before therapy, after 2 and after 6 weeks, 3 months, and than every 3 months in a cumulative period of 2 years of therapy. The results of this study showed that the effect of statins on lipoprotein profile and atherogenic index UH/HDL and LDL/HDL, after 3-month therapy was significant. The pharmacological statin effects reached the maximum after 3 months-therapy, and stayed constant. Target values of lipoprotein levels were achieved after 3-6 months of statin treatment. The statin therapy have significant effect on lipoprotein profile and atherogenic index. This effect is the most intensive after 3 month therapy, and target levels of lipoproteins are achieved after 3-6 months of statin treatment.
Effects of short-term hormone replacement on atherogenic indices in Indian postmenopausal women; Indian ethnicity by itself is a strong risk factor for development of CAD in Indian postmenopausal women due to lower HDL levels as compared to Whites and women of oriental origin. We evaluated and compared the short- term effects of menopause, estrogen replacement therapy and combined estrogen and progestin replacement therapy on various atherogenic indices. 40 postmenopausal women, both surgical and natural (20 each) were selected. l0 surgical postmenopausal women were given 0.625 mg conjugated estrogens daily for 6 months and 10 natural postmenopausal women were given 0.625 mg conjugated estrogen with 2.5 mg medroxyprogesterone acetate daily. 20 women were included in the control group and given placebo. Fasting venous blood samples were analyzed for extended lipid profile and calculated atherogenic indices before starting the therapy and after 1,3 and 6 months. LDL and Apolipoprotein B increased (p<0.05) and those of Apolipoprotein A1 and HDL decreased in the control groups. In both the study groups levels of serum cholesterol and LDL decreased (p<0.05) and those of HDL and Apolipoprotein A1 increased (p<0.01). LDL/HDL, Apo B/ ApoA1, Total Cholesterol/ HDL decreased significantly (p<0.05) in both the study groups compared to the control groups. The effect of estrogen alone was more significant as compared to combination therapy. Log Triglycerides (TG)/HDL ratio showed a decrease in women on estrogen alone but the difference was not significant. Our study confirms that short term HRT has a favorable effect on atherogenic indices in Indian postmenopausal women.
Evaluation of antihyperlipidemic activity of ethanolic extract of Cassia auriculata flowers; Hyperlipidemia is a major risk factor for development of coronary artery disease. Cassia auriculata is traditionally used in India for medicinal purposes. In this study, effect of ethanolic extract of Cassia auriculata flowers (Et-CAF) was investigated in Triton WR1339-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Treatment with the Et-CAF (450 mg/kg b.wt) significantly reduced the total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein- cholesterol (LDL) levels and significantly increased the high- density lipoprotein (HDL) level associated with reduction of atherogenic index in hyperlipidemic rats. However, there was no change in the serum lipid profile of normal rats treated with Et-CAF alone. The results suggest that Et-CAF has a beneficial effect in treating hyperlipidemia and may serve as a potential drug for prevention of hyperlipidemic atherosclerosis.
Lipid balance and cardiovascular risk in patients in a psychiatric long-term facility; Increase in weight and changes in lipid and glucose metabolism often occur in severe mental illness. It is established that this may hinge on the mental illness as such, and on lifestyle, resident living in institutions and on medication. We performed an explorative study of these factors in a general psychiatric long-term facility. Material. 30 resident patients gave fasting blood samples that were analysed for lipid and glucose variables. Body mass index, blood pressure and smoking habits were noted, as was medication history of neuroleptics. Patients were asked about family risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes. Results. Body mass index was > 25 in 80% and > 30 in 40% of patients. Four patients had diabetes. Total cholesterol was > 6 mmol/l in 10 patients. The ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol was > 5 in 60%. An atherogenic index containing apolipoprotein measurements was above cut-off in 11 patients. The patients had experience with the use of a mean of 4.1 (SD = 2.1) different neuroleptics. 9 out of 12 patients who had used clozapin and/or olanzapin had a body mass index > 30. 25 patients smoked a mean of 17 cigarettes a day. Interpretation. Most of our patients carry a high risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes. Even if this risk may partly be due to the mental illness itself, risk is also attributable to a combination of an unhealthy life style, medication and smoking. It is of utmost importance that health professionals, leisure time therapists and catering personnel do their best in order to reduce organisationally induced risk, as these patients cannot be expected to respond adequately to advice.
The effect of fibratestatin combination therapy on cardiovascular events: A retrospective cohort analysis; Objective: To investigate the long-term efficacy of fibratestatin combination therapy on cardiovascular events as opposed to lipid levels. Research design and methods: A retrospective analysis was performed of patients attending metabolic clinics. Cardiovascular risk factor, baseline and final lipid data and details of concomitant drug therapies were gathered on all subjects. Outcome measure: The occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) was recorded and major prognostic factors associated with outcome determined. Results: A total of 318 patients with mixed dyslipidaemia were identified on fibratestatin therapy. Follow-up comprised an average of 7.5 years totalling 2400 patient-years. Patients were 78 male aged 62 years and 68 had evidence of previous cardiovascular disease (CVD). Smoking was present in 17, hypertension in 41 and 32 had established diabetes. Baseline lipid parameters were total cholesterol (TC) 6.84mmol/L, triglycerides (TG) 6.09mmol/L and HDL-C 1.09mmol/L. Fibratestatin combination reduced TC by 27 to 4.64mmol/L, TG by a median 42 to 2.33mmol/L and increased HDL-C by 21 to 1.22mmol/L. Non-HDL-C was reduced by 35 and apolipoprotein B by 17. MACE occurred in 25. Logistic regression analysis showed that patients with MACE had higher initial TC (7.02 vs. 6.80mmol/L; p=0.002), established CVD (65 vs. 57; p=0.05) and a lesser atherogenic index response (31 vs. 38; p=0.008). Cox regression analysis showed that age (p=0.002), and previous CVD (p<0.001) were determinants of outcome allied either to reduction in TG (p=0.009), TC (p=0.04) and increase in HDL-C (p=0.05) or change in TG (p=0.002) and non-HDL-C (p=0.01). Conclusion: Fibratestatin therapy in a population with mixed dyslipidaemia resulted in an improved lipid profile with few side-effects. Consistent with its effects, decreases in TG allied with modest decrease in cholesterol and an increase in HDL-C, were associated with better prognosis. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Effect of liandou qingmai recipe on atherogenic indices of plasma and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in patients with coronary heart disease].; To observe the intervention effects of Liandou Qingmai Recipe (LQR) on atherogenic indices of plasma (AIP) and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs-CRP) level in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Sixty-eight CHD patients were randomly assigned to two groups, 35 patients in the treatment group and 33 in the control group, all were treated by the regular CHD treatment, but to patients in the treatment group, LQR was given additionally. AIP value was calculated before and after treatment through measuring plasma levels of triglyceride (TG), high-density and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C and LDL-C). Besides, the levels of hs-CRP and peripheral blood leucocyte (PBL) were observed as well. No significant difference existed between groups in all the detected parameters before treatment (P > 0.05). After treatment, levels of LDL-C, HDL-C, hs-CRP and PBL lowered significantly in the control group, but the changes of AIP and TG were insignificant (P > 0.05); while in the treatment group, all the parameters lowered significantly, with the levels of AIP, TG, hs-CRP and PBL significantly lower than those in the control group respectively (P < 0.05). LQR can decrease levels of AlP and hs-CRP in CHD patients, amplify the diameters of LDL-C granule, and further lower hs-CRP and PLB levels, showing anti-atherosclerosis and anti-inflammation effects.
Hypolipidemic effect of arborium plus in experimentally induced hypercholestermic rabbits; Hypercholesteremia is one of the risk factors for coronary artery disease. The present study highlights the efficacy of the ayurvedic herbal formulation Arborium Plus [Hyppophae ramnoides L. fruit juice (S) and Rhododendron arboreum Sm. Linn flower juice (R) in a 1 : 4 ratio] on triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), atherogenic index (AI), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs CRP) in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemic rabbits. Four groups of rabbits were subjected to different treatments for 8 weeks: control group, CHOL group (1% w/w cholesterol for 8 weeks), S+R group (1% w/w cholesterol and Arborium Plus for 8 weeks), and A group (1% w/w cholesterol and atorvastatin for 8 weeks). The results showed significant increases in TG, TC, LDL, AI, and hs CRP in hypercholesterolemic rabbits which was significantly reduced in Arborium Plus-treated hypercholesterolemic rabbits. The data demonstrated that the Arborium Plus formulation was associated with hypolipidemic effects in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemic rabbits. © 2010 The Pharmaceutical Society of Japan.
Comparison of intermittent with continuous simvastatin treatment in hypercholesterolemic patients with end stage renal failure; Coronary artery disease is the most important cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with end-stage renal failure (RF). Hypercholesterolemia is an important risk factor for coronary heart disease. Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) have difficulties in compliance with their care and treatment. Intermittent simvastatin treatment may help to increase compliance and can be a treatment alternative in patients with CRF at risk of coronary artery disease. We investigated the effects of simvastatin and compared intermittent with continuous simvastatin treatment in hypercholesterolamic patients with CRF. The study group included 40 of 422 CRF patients on dialysis in our clinic. The inclusion criterion was low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) of 130 mg/dL or more. Twenty patients received simvastatin 10 mg/day (continuous group) and 20 patients received simvastatin 20 mg three times a week (only dialysis days- intermittent group) for four months. Nineteen patients served as controls and they were given a prescribed diet only. Total cholesterol (TC) and LDL-C decreased markedly in patients receiving intermittent and continuous simvastatin compared to controls. Continuous simvastatin decreased TC by 23% (P < 0.001) and LDL-C by 39% (P < 0.001). Intermittent simvastatin decreased TC by 26% (P < 0.001) and LDL-C by 40% (P < 0.001). The atherogenic index ratios in both the continuous and intermittent groups (TC/High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and LDL-C/HDL-C) decreased significantly. There was no significant difference in patient compliance between the two groups. Intermittent simvastatin is as effective and reliable as continuous simvastatin treatment and can be an alternative treatment in hypercholesterolemic patients on dialysis.
Use of biologically active supplement containing omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; 35 patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 complicated with hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease were treated during 8 months with poseidonol--polyunsaturated fatty acid family omega 3 (PUFA--omega 3). It was shown that hypercoagulation and hypofibrinolysis in these patients occurred. Treatment with poceidonol increased plasminogen activator activity and decreased coagulation and reduced atherogenic index.
Effects of Amaranthus caudatus l. extract and lovastatin on atherosclerosis in hypercholesterolemic rabbits; Coronary artery disease (CAD), which is a multi-factorial disease frequently, causes morbidity and mortality in human beings. Scientists now believe that there is a good link between the inflammatory process and coronary atherosclerosis. A study was conducted to find out the anti- atherosclerosis effect of Amaranthus caudatus L. on rabbits, and was compared with lovastatin. Twenty five male New Zealand rabbits were randomly grouped into five and each were fed for 60 days with a standard diet, standard diet and cholesterol, standard diet and A. caudatus extract (150 mg/kg daily), standard diet and A. caudatus extract (150 mg/kg daily) with cholesterol, and standard diet with lovastatin (10 mg/kg) and cholesterol. At the 30th and 60th day of experiment, the biochemical factors were measured and the fatty streak formation was evaluated at the 60th day. Rabbits fed with high cholesterol diet and A. caudatus extract significantly decreased the cholesterol, LDL-C, triglyceride, oxidized LDL (Ox-LDL), apo-lipoprotein B (apoB), CRP, atherogenic index (AI) and HDL-C and apo-lipoprotein A (apoA) increased. Lesion severity, in extract recipient group, significantly decreased. A. caudatus extract decreased the most important risk factors (the serum lipoproteins, apoB and Ox-LDL) of cardiovascular diseases and inflammatory factors prevented atherosclerosis and was more effective than lovastatin. © 2010 Academic Journals.
Regular Physical Activity and Changes in Risk Factors for Coronary Heart Disease: A Nine Months Prospective Study; This study reports the non-acute effects of a long-term training programme of increasing intensity on some cardiovascular risk factors and the interrelation between these risk factors. Twenty sedentary men and 14 sedentary women were trained 3 to 4 times a week for nine months. After 36 weeks all individuals ran a half marathon run. The Wmax, weight, body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were recorded. The concentrations of fibrinogen, tissue plasminogen activator, plasminogen activator inhibitor, triacylglycerols, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and lipoprotein(a) were measured. The training programme induced a median increase in Wraax of 12% in the male group (from 226 to 251.5 Watt) and of 18% in the female group (from 160 to 188.5 Watt). These increases in Wmax did not correlate with any other property under investigation in this study. Blood pressure was not altered, but body weight and body mass index were significantly decreased in the male group (from 74.6 to 72.2 kg and from 23.1 to 22.0 kg/m2, respectively) at the end of the training programme and decreased non-significantly in the female group (from 63.0 to 60.7 kg and from 21.6 to 21.5 kg/m,2, respectively). In the male group total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerols decreased significantly under the influence of the training sessions. Furthermore, in both groups, a great decrease in plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor concentrations was noticed: in men from 22.5. 103 AU/1 to 4.5. 103 AU/1 and in women from 18.7. 103 AU/1 to 5.1. 103 AU/1. However, the changes in the lipid and fibrinolytic quantities were not correlated with each other. Initial total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels correlated significantly with systolic blood pressure, while diastolic pressure was correlated to tissue plasminogen activator. Since tissue plasminogen activator also was significantly related to triacylglycerols, a trias existed between primary risk factors like blood pressure, lipid levels and fibrinolysis. In contrast, the changes in these properties under the influence of physical training were not interrelated. Median serum lipoprotein(a) concentrations were significantly increased in both men and women five days before the half marathon run: from 32 mg/1 to 39 mg/1 in men, and from 65 mg/1 to 125.5 mg/1 in women. Concomitantly, median fibrinogen concentrations were significantly elevated in men (from 2.32 g/1 to 3.10 g/1) and non-significantly in women (from 2.62 g/1 to 2.93 g/1), although no correlation existed between the changes in these properties. In conclusion, the nine months exercise programme increased the aerobic fitness in both men and women as indicated by the Wmax increase. This improvement coincided but was not correlated with beneficial changes in several anthropometric, lipid and fibrinolytic properties. Improvement in the risk factors under investigation was more pronounced in men than in women. The changes in lipid and haemostasis properties did not correlate with each other. The increases in lipoprotein(a) and fibrinogen concentrations, both atherogenic indices, could actually present a normal physiological response to the physical strain of exercise training of increasing workload. © 1996, Walter de Gruyter. All rights reserved.
Relations between particle size of HDL and LDL lipoproteins and cholesterol esterification rate; Particle size of low density (LDL) and high density (HDL) lipoproteins and cholesterol esterification rate in HDL plasma (FERHDL) are important independent predictors of coronary artery diseases (CAD). In this study we assessed the interrelations between these indicators and routinely examined plasma lipid parameters and plasma glucose concentrations. In 141 men, healthy volunteers, we examined plasma total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL and LDL cholesterol (HDL-C, LDL-C) and HDL unesterified cholesterol (HDL-UC). Particle size distribution in HDL and LDL was assessed by gradient gel electrophoresis and FERHDL was estimated by radioassay. An effect of particle size and FERHDL on atherogenic indexes as the Log(TG/HDL-C) and TC/HDL-C was evaluated. Subjects in the study had plasma concentrations (mean ± S.D.) of TC 5.2±0.9 mmol/l, HDL-C 1.2±0.3 mmol/l, TG 2.1±1.7 mmol/l, glucose 5±0.8 mmol/l. Relative concentration of HDL2b was 17.6±11.5% and 14.6±11.8% of HDL 3b,c. The mean diameter of LDL particles was 25.8±1.5 nm. The increase in FERHDL significantly correlated with the decrease in HDL2b and LDL particle size (r = -0.537 and -0.583, respectively, P<0.01) and the increase in HDL3b,c (0.473, P<0.01). Strong interrelations among TG and HDL-C or HDL-UC and FERHDL and particle size were found, but TC or LDL-C did not have such an effect. Atherogenic indexes Log(TG/HDL-C) and TC/HDL-C correlated with FERHDL (0.827 and 0.750, respectively, P<0.0001) and with HDL and LDL particle size. © 2005 Institute of PhysioLogy.
How do apolipoproteins apoB and apoA-I perform in patients with acute coronary syndromes; Acute coronary syndromes are the leading cause of hospitalization and death. Results from recent studies suggest that apolipoprotein measurement and apoB:apoA-I are superior to traditional lipids in the estimation of coronary risk. We compared apolipoprotein concentrations and apoB:apoA-I with traditional lipid measures and atherogenic indices in patients diagnosed with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) within 6 hrs from the onset of chest pain. A study group consisted of 227 patients diagnosed with ACS (STEMI=60, NSTEMI=66 and UA=105). Clinically healthy volunteers (n=85) served as controls. Measurements of cardiac TnI, lipid profile, hsCRP, apolipoprotein A-I and apoB100 were performed and apoB:apoA-I, TC-HDL-C, LDL-C:HDL-C ratios were calculated. Patients had increased LDL-C (>3.0 mmol/L) and non-HDL-C (>3.4 mmol/L). Triglycerides were below the cut-off value, but patients had significantly higher TG concentrations and lower HDL-C compared to controls (p<0.001). Apo B and apoA-I concentration in patients remained within the accepted range. Atherogenic indices TC:HDL-C, LDL-C:HDL-C and apoB:apoA-I were significantly increased in patients. ApoB:apoA-I ratio in ACS males was within low risk whereas in females corresponded to medium risk. ApoB:apoA-I and LDL-C:HDL-C ratios were of good diagnostic utility for discrimination between patients and controls (AUC 0.71 and 0.79; respectively). ApoB:apoA-I and LDL-C:HDL-C were of very good diagnostic utility for discrimination between STEMI patients and controls (AUC 0.80 and 0.84). We could not show the superiority of apoB:apoA-I over LDL-C:HDL-C as the discrimination power of both was almost identical. Determination of apolipoproteins should not be recommended for routine clinical use, however, incorporating apoB and apoB:apoA-I into risk assessment could provide additional important information on cardiovascular risk.
Low HDL cholesterol associates with major depression in a sample with a 7-year history of depressive symptoms; Long-term depression may increase the risk for adverse coronary events. Low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) have in particular been suggested to underlie this connection. A total of 124 participants with a recorded seven-year history of depressive symptoms (depressed, n = 63) or euthymic state (controls, n = 61) underwent a Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV to confirm their psychiatric diagnosis. Total cholesterol (TC), HDL-C and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, triglycerides, non-HDL-C and atherogenic indices (LDL-C/HDL-C and TC/HDL-C) were assessed. The HDL-C levels were lower and atherogenic indices higher in the depressed group compared with the controls. Furthermore, those with HDL-C level below the gender-adjusted median (< 1.54 mmol/l in women, < 1.16 mmol/l in men) were 2.4-fold more likely to be depressed in a model adjusting for age and non-HDL-C (p = 0.019). After further adjustment for educational level, marital status, alcohol use, daily smoking and overweight this association remained significant (p = 0.049). These findings suggest that compared with the healthy controls, those with long-term depression may have lower HDL-C values and higher atherogenic indices. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Coronary artery disease risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus with metabolic syndrome in the Urban South Indian Population; Introduction: Insulin resistance increases the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, a major cause of dyslipidaemia and heart disease. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic risk factors that come together in a single individual. Hence, in the present study, the occurrence of metabolic syndrome among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients by the WHO criteria has been carried out. The risk factors were compared between patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, with and without metabolic syndrome. Materials and Methods: Eighty seven, age matched, type 2 diabetic patients who attended a diabetic clinic were included in this study. They were grouped as diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome and diabetic patients without metabolic syndrome, based on the WHO criteria. The biochemical parameters like fasting blood sugar (FBS), post prandial blood sugar (PPBS) and lipid profile were estimated by using diagnostic kits. The blood pressure (BP) was measured and the body mass index (BMI) and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. Statistical analysis was done by the Student's t test. Results: The occurrence of metabolic syndrome among the type 2 diabetic patients was 33%. A significant increase was seen in triglycerides (TGLs), very low density lipoproteins (VLDLs), the TGL/HDL ratio, AIP, BP and BMI and a decrease was observed in the high density lipoproteins (HDLs) of type 2 diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome when compared with the type 2 diabetic patients without metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: The significant increase in the TGLs, the TGL/HDL ratio, AIP, BP and the BMI of diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome when compared to the type 2 diabetic patients without metabolic syndrome, predicts that patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with metabolic syndrome are at a higher risk level for coronary heart disease (CHD).
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy induced hypertension; Pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) is one of the commonest complications of pregnancy of our study is to assess the atherogenic index of PIH patients as compared to normal pregnant women also to compare the same between preeclamptic and eclamptic patients. Blood samples from thirty five PIH subjects and 25 normal pregnant women were collected for the study. Total cholesterol (TC) and HDL-C estimated. Atherogenic index (AI), TC/HDL-C was calculated.TC value of control group was 203.0 ± 20.37mg/dl and that of patients was 256.34 ± 32.78 mg/dl. HDL-C levels observed in patients was 42.12 ± 6.34mg/dl and 66.33 ± 4.73 mg/dl in controls. No statistically significant difference in the values was found between preeclamptics and eclamptics. Atherogenic index was significantly high in PIH patients. Disorders of the lipoprotein metabolisms occuring in PIH may be responsible for the fatty deposition in the vessel walls. This may predispose them for coronary heart disease in future. These patients should be followed up after delivery to see whether the lipid levels return to normal or these changes are permanent. Further studies need to be done to find the cause of the dyslipidemia at the genetic level. © 2009, JGPT.
[Features of the lipid profile of indigenous and non-indigenous population of the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of the senior age groups with coronary heart disease].; 351 patients of the senior age groups (elderly, senile age and long-livers) of indigenous and nonindigenous population with coronary heart disease were investigated. Atherogenous and antiath-erogenous levels of blood lipids in representatives of non-indigenous population were authentically higher in comparison with indigenous one. Body weight index in long-livers is authentically more low 23.34 +/- 2.05 (p < 0.001), and levels of high density lipoproteins, as well as low density lipoproteins, very low density lipoproteins, triacylglycerol in relation to elderly and to persons of senile age are higher. Women demonstrated authentically higher body weight index--26.63 +/- 3.96 (p < 0.05), higher level of cholesterol--5.32 +/- 1.07 mmol/I (p < 0.001), low density lipoproteins--3.76 +/- 1.04 mmol/l (p < 0.001), high density lipoproteins--0.98 +/- 0.33 mmol/l (p < 0.05), and also very low density lipoproteins, triacylglycerol, atherogenic index are higher. Ethnic, gender, age distinctions, levels of blood lipids at patients with coronary heart disease of elderly and senile age, and also the long-livers living in various regions of Sakha Republic (Yakutia) are revealed.
Etofyllin clofibrate improves the metabolism of lipids and glucose in patients with hyperlipidemia and diabetes; The objective of the present clinical investigation was to evaluate the effects of the lipid lowering drug etofyllin clofibrate (Duolip® 500) on metabolism of lipids and glucose in patients with hyperlipidemia and diabetes. For that purpose, data from 1200 male and female patients, who had been participated in a drug-monitoring, were analysed. All patients (mean age: 60 years, range: 19-95) were diabetics (type I or II) and had elevated levels of cholesterol and/or triglycerides. They were treated with 500 mg etofyllin clofibrate daily for 3-4 months. Baseline values expressed as means (±SD) have been measured as mg%: Total cholesterol: 287.6 (± 64.6), LDL- cholesterol: 181.4 (± 55.2), HDL-cholesterol: 37.6 (± 12.1), triglycerides: 398.8 (±296.6), blood-glucose (empty stomach): 159.6 (±51.0), blood- glucose (2 h after meal): 191.7 (±52.4) and HbA1C: 8.8 (±2.1). Compared to baseline, the following relative changes (%) occurred after 3-4 months: Total cholesterol:-16.6 (±13.9), LDL-cholesterol:-17.9 (±25.6), HDL-cholesterol: +30.4 (±36.1), triglycerides: -33.3 (± 20.8), blood-glucose (empty stomach): -8.7 (±19.4), blood-glucose (2 h after meal):-9.0 (±17.1) and HbA1C: -5.8 (±12.2). The 'Atherogenic Index' (rate of total cholesterol to HDL-cholesterol) fell by 32.0% (±21.1)from 8.3 (±3.3) to 5.4 (±1.8). 42 patients reported (3.5%) side effects, which were already well known from previous clinical trials in terms of quality and quantity. It can be concluded, that etofyllin clofibrate is safe and effective in treatment by improving prognostically unfavourable lipid parameters and concomitantly reducing blood-glucose in clinically relevant amounts in high-risk patients with hyperlipidemia and diabetes. Thus, many risk-factors for coronary heart disease associated with an increase in morbidity and mortality were markedly improved.
Effects of fish oil alone and combined with long chain (n-6) fatty acids on some coronary risk factors in male subjects; The effects of fish oil alone were compared with those of fish oil combined 1:1 with evening primrose oil rich in long chain (n-6) fatty acids in a double-blind cross-over study. After administration of fish oil there was a highly significant increase in 20:5 (n-3) (eicosapentaenoic acid) and 22:6 (n-3) (docosahexaenoic acid) and a significant decrease in (n-6) fatty acids in plasma phospholipids. After consumption of the fish oil/evening primrose oil mixture, the increase in (n-3) and the decrease in (n-6) fatty acids were considerably smaller. Triglycerides in serum decreased by 36% (P < 0.01) after the fish oil and by 29% (P < 0.05) after the fish oil/evening primrose oil mixture. Atherogenic index decreased by 12% (P < 0.05) after fish oil/evening primrose oil and by 6% (P = ns) after fish oil alone. This difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). Plasma homocysteine was reduced by 10% (P < 0.05) after the fish oil/evening primrose oil mixture and decreased 4% (P = ns) after the fish oil alone. Plasma fibrinogen decreased after both oils. The combined oils did not raise plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) antigen at all, whereas after fish oil there was a 49% (P < 0.05) increase. Fish oil increased the ratio C20:4 to C20:3, an index of delta-5-desaturase, by 96% (P < 0.001) and reduced the ratio of C20:3 to C18:2, an index of delta-6-desaturase, by 38% (P < 0.001), whereas the fish oil/evening primrose oil mixture left these indexes unchanged. A high index of delta-5-desaturase has been found to be correlated to increased insulin sensitivity. In conclusion, combination of fish oil and evening primrose oil had a more favorable effect on the atherogenic index and caused no increase in PAI-1 antigen. The effects on triglycerides and PAI-1 of the fish oil and the mixture appears to be a result of their (n-3) fatty acid content. Copyright (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
ω-3 fatty acids in physical and mental health and disease; Basic and epidemiological evidence shows that ω-3 fatty acids - α-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) - play important roles in the protection and promotion of health and prevention and treatment of several physical and mental disorders and diseases. They can favorably influence inflammatory intermediate production and gene expression, two basic physiological processes, which would, in turn, lead to desirable improvements in physical and mental health - from growth of the fetus and the infant to cognition in the elderly. They also have effective roles in the vascular and retinal health, asthma and allergy alleviation, and cognitive development in children, slowing agerelated cognitive decline and cancer risk reduction. ωω-3 fatty acids are beneficial in cardiovascular disease (CVD) as well as diabetes mellitus. They may enhance vasodilator mechanisms in forearm microcirculation and help reduce blood pressure and bring about desirable changes in the blood lipid profile. Marine fish oil, the richest source of ω-3 fatty acids, can reduce plaque progression and risk of fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) events at a dose equivalent to 1 g EPA + DHA/d. In addition, clinical trials have shown that daily consumption of poseidonol-PUFA-ω-3 fatty acid family-may lead to increases in plasminogen activator and decreases in coagulation and the atherogenic index in type 2 hyperlipidemic diabetics with CVD. At least in some types of cancer, the ω-6:ω-3 fatty acid ratio may have a role in prevention and treatment, a low-ratio downregulating the cell adhesion/invasion-related molecules. There is some evidence showing that the cardioand cancer-protective effects of ω-3 fatty acids may share common pathways - ionic channels, Ca homeostasis, PKC activation, and matrix metalloproteinase. There are not many published reports on the role of ω-3 fatty acid in depression, Alzheimer disease, or schizophrenia. The available evidence indicates, however, that they may have desirable effects in the prevention/ alleviation of these mental disorders as well. © 2008 Humana Press Inc.
IgG4-associated cholecystitis: Another clue in the diagnosis of autoimmune pancreatitis; Purpose: Autoimmune pancreatitis (AIP) is the pancreatic manifestation of IgG4-associated systemic disease (ISD). Criteria for diagnosis of AIP include recognition of extra-pancreatic organ involvement. Because the diagnosis of AIP can be challenging, even for experts, it is important for clinicians to recognize other target organ damage in this disease. Typical gallbladder findings in AIP have been increasingly recognized. Because cholecystectomy is common in the community, the availability of previous tissue from the gallbladder can provide an important supportive clue in the diagnosis of AIP. The objective of this review is to examine the literature on common gallbladder pathology findings in AIP, and discuss their clinical utility. Results: Gallbladder involvement in AIP seems to be common. Transmural lymphoplasmacytic inflammatory infiltrates, extramural inflammatory nodules, the presence of tissue eosinophilia, phlebitis, and increased tissue IgG4 are all seen more frequently in the gallbladders of patients with AIP. These findings are not 100% specific, because some can be seen in primary sclerosing cholangitis and pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Conclusion: Cholecystectomy for the purpose of diagnosing AIP is not recommended. However, if gallbladder specimens from a previous cholecystectomy are available, an expert review of gallbladder slides with IgG4 immunostaining may help to provide additional criteria for diagnosis of autoimmune pancreatitis. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Screening for Cardiovascular Risk: Cost-Benefit Considerations in a Comparison of Total Cholesterol Measurements and Two Compound Blood Lipid Indices; Background: Serum total cholesterol measurements have been shown to differentiate between patients with angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease and controls less well than compound indices of cardiovascular risk. Details of employees (n = 229) nominated by an occupational health service in a non-manufacturing firm were used as a starting point for calculations to compare the costs and benefits of using compound indices of cardiovascular risk with those of total cholesterol measurements alone. Methods: Healthy employees were defined as having a low or a high risk of cardiovascular disease according to either total cholesterol level or two compound indices of blood lipid components. The compound indices were the ratio of total to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (the TC:HDLC ratio) and an ‘atherogenic index’ defined as ([total cholesterol – HDL cholesterol] × [apolipoprotein B])/([HDL cholesterol] × [apolipoprotein A]). If compound indices discriminate better between people at low and high risk, both the number of people given unnecessary advice on lifestyle changes or urged to take cholesterol-reducing medication and the number of people not treated because of their ‘normal’ cholesterol levels would be reduced. In our calculations, we assumed as ‘gains’ that (1) the disclosure that a total cholesterol test result is false-positive is equal to treatment costs, consultation fee and consumption foregone (i.e. resources already used on medication, services etc.) (8909 Nkr [US$1 =7 Nkr]), and (2) the disclosure that a test result is false-negative is equal to consultation fee plus loss of 2 h wages (288 Nkr). Results: The screening of 100 000 men and 100 000 women would incur a cost of 99 and 710 Nkr, respectively, per person assumed to benefit from extended screening using two different compound indices. Net gain would be 438 and 192 million Nkr, respectively, for the two compound indices. However, the lack of prospective data on compound indices suggests the need for cautious interpretation. Conclusion: Although prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings, the changes in number of false-positive and false-negative values achievable using different indices suggests a need for greater caution when using single lipid measurements as predictors of risk. The calculations of this non-prospective study indicated an increased benefit-cost ratio in assessing cardiovascular risk by using compound indices of cardiovascular risk compared with total cholesterol measurements alone. © 1995, European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.
A critical evaluation of high density lipoprotein cholesterol as an index of coronary artery disease risk in Malaysians; Fasting serum specimens from (a) 217 male and 46 female patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), aged 35-75 years, who had undergone angioplasty (PTCA) / coronary artery bypass graft (CABG), and (b) 160 apparently healthy controls (106 males, 54 females, aged 30-75 years), were assessed for serum lipid profile. Both sex and ethnicity significantly influenced the levels of serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC); in the controls, females had higher HDLC levels than males (46.7 mg/dl vs 38.5 mg/dl, p<0.00l), while the Indian males possessed significantly lower HDLC values than the male Malay or Chinese. HDLC, triglycerides (TG) and the atherogenic index-LDLC/HDLC ratio were significantly different between the CAD patients and the healthy controls, while total cholesterol (TC) and LDLC did not seem to be of diagnostic value. Serum HDLC was lower in the CAD patients compared to the healthy controls in both sexes (p<0.001), either expressed as HDLC per se or as % HDLC. This observation combined with the odds ratio (OR) values of 0.24 and 0.28 for HDLC and % HDLC respectively in males, firmly establishes HDL as a protective factor of CAD in Malaysians. Significance testing for the X2 values associated with the OR values for the various lipid indices, together with the findings on the receiver-operating characteristices (ROC) curves, i.e. plots of sensitivity vs 1-specificity, indicated that HDLC, % HDLC and TQ were equally efficient as a means of risk assessment to CAD in Malaysians. © 1997, Malaysian Journal of Nutrition.
Concordance/discordance between plasma apolipoprotein B levels and the cholesterol indexes of atherosclerotic risk; The objective of the present study was to examine concordance/discordance among 4 atherogenic indexes of cardiovascular risk: plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein (non-HDL) cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B-100 (apoB). Analyses were conducted in a cohort of 2,103 men without coronary artery disease (CAD) at the onset of the Quebec Cardiovascular Study. Although there were strong and highly significant correlations among the 4 risk indexes (0.78 < r < 0.97), only 50% of all subjects had concordant apoB and LDL cholesterol levels (i.e., values that fell into the same quintile of the population distribution). Moreover, concordance/discordance was not the same throughout the range of both variables; it was greater at the extremes of their respective distributions (65%), but significantly less in the midpoints (<40%). ApoB appeared to be more concordant with non-HDL cholesterol than with LDL cholesterol, although >1/3 of all subjects had discordant levels. Kappa analysis confirmed that there was only fair agreement between apoB and total or LDL cholesterol (0.38 and 0.36, respectively) and only moderate agreement between non-HDL cholesterol and apoB (0.47). Finally, a significant proportion of subjects (528 of 2,103) who had disproportionately higher apoB levels than would have been predicted based on their LDL cholesterol concentrations was more obese and manifested several features of the metabolic syndrome. They also had a significantly increased cardiovascular risk. In summary, plasma apoB and the various cholesterol indexes are complementary rather than competitive indexes of atherosclerotic risk and provide further evidence as to why measurement of apoB should be part of a standard lipoprotein assessment of CAD risk. © 2003 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
A common mutation of cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene in dialysis patients; Background. In patients on maintenance hemodialysis, a decreased concentration of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) is an apparent independent risk factor for vascular disease (VD). A common missense mutation of cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) gene, D442G (Asp442 to Gly), increases HDL-C levels, but the mutation may also diminish the activity of reverse cholesterol transport. Methods. We compared the genotype distribution of the D442G polymorphism and postprandial serum lipid levels between patients with and without VD in 414 hemodialysis patients. Results. Serum levels of total cholesterol and HDL-C did not differ in patients with the mutation [group M (+)] and without the mutation [group M (-)] and in patients with and without VD. However, patients with below median HDL-C levels (<45 mg/dl) had a significantly higher prevalence of VD than those with above median HDL levels (26.0 vs. 15.2%, P < 0.01). Moreover, in this low-HDL-C subgroup, group M (+) patients had a significantly higher prevalence of VD than group M (-) patients (54.5 vs. 24.4%, P < 0.05). In the subgroup, group M (+) patients with VD had higher levels of total cholesterol and a higher atherogenic index than those without VD, whereas group M (-) patients with VD had lower levels of total cholesterol and a lower atherogenic index than those without VD. Conclusions. The D442G mutation may be a risk factor for atherosclerotic complications in dialysis patients with HDL-C levels below 45 mg/dl. Atherogenic lipid profiles may promote atherosclerosis in the patients with the mutation, but not in those with no mutation. © 1999 by the International Society of Nephrology.
Lipid levels in female patients with affective disorders; The role of serum lipids [total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and triglycerides (TG)] in the pathophysiology of mood disorders is not clear. The aim of this study was to determine lipid profiles in patients with affective disorders. The study included medication-free female subjects (41 patients with bipolar disorder, 22 in a manic and 19 in a depressive phase), 34 patients with major depression, and 50 healthy controls. Serum lipid levels were determined using standard laboratory tests. All patients had significantly lower HDL-C values than control subjects. Increased TG levels were found in patients with bipolar disorder compared with healthy subjects. The changes in lipid profiles persisted when data were adjusted for age, smoking and menopausal status. The results revealed no differences in cholesterol and LDL-C levels and body mass index, but significant differences in the ratios of cholesterol/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index) among groups. Our results suggest that low HDL-C levels and a high atherogenic index might be a hallmark of affective disorders. Since low HDL-C levels could be a risk factor for the development of coronary heart disease, further investigation of lipid metabolism in affective disorders is warranted. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Use of the atherogenic index in premature coronary heart disease prediction; Introduction. Although premature coronary heart disease (CHD) is relatively frequent, the factors predicting its development are still poorly defined. Method. We analyzed risk factors and lipid profiles in a series of men from the Canary Islands (Spain): 515 patients aged less than 51 years with documented CHD and 436 elderly controls aged more than 56 years without CHD. Results. Most patients and controls had at least one major risk factor (98% of patients and 93% of controls; P<.001). We found significant differences (P<.001) in the prevalence of a family history of premature CHD (35% of patients and 15% of controls), smoking (85% of patients and 76% of controls), and dyslipidemia (78% of patients and 53% of controls). Only hypertension was more common among controls (51% of patients and 66% of controls; P<.001). Despite statin therapy, patients showed a higher atherogenic index (triglycerides/high density lipoprotein HDL-cholesterol [HDL-c] ratio) than controls, the mean index being 5.39 in patients and 4.10 in controls (P<.001). In normotensive patients the multivariate analysis shows as the major predictors of premature coronary disease: atherogenic index higher than 4 (P<.004, OR = 1.154-3.980), and dislypidemia (P<.001, OR = 1.936-5.346). Conclusion. Despite their youth, male patients with CHD in the Canary Islands have a very high prevalence of risk factors. The atherogenic index is a highly useful tool and is relatively independent of the effects of statin therapy in detecting individuals at risk for premature CDH.
Anti-atherogenic effects of seabuckthorn (Hippophaea rhamnoides) seed oil; Seabuckthorn (SBT) seed oil is a rich source of unsaturated fatty acids, phytosterols, carotenoids and flavonoids, which are known to have significant anti-atherogenic and cardioprotective activity. The anti-atherogenic activity of supercritical CO2 extracted SBT seed oil was evaluated in white albino rabbits fed on high cholesterol diet for 60 days. The study was performed on 20 male healthy rabbits divided into four groups of 5 animals each. Group I - control, group II - SBT seed oil, group III - cholesterol (1%) for 60 days, group IV - cholesterol+SBT seed oil. After 30 days of high cholesterol diet, group IV rabbits received 1 ml of SBT seed oil daily for 30 days. Blood total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglyceride (TG) levels were measured before and after the administration of SBT seed oil. The vasorelaxant activity of the seed oil was studied in vitro using aortic ring model technique and changes in isometric force were recorded using a polygraphic recording system. Accumulation of cholesterol in the aorta was studied using Sudan-IV staining technique. SBT seed oil feeding to normal rabbits for 18 days caused a significant decline in plasma cholesterol, LDL-C, atherogenic index (AI) and LDL/HDL ratio. The HDL-C levels, HDL-C/TC ratio (HTR) and vasorelaxant activity of the aorta were significantly increased. In cholesterol-fed animals the TC, TG, LDL-C and AI were significantly increased and showed a decline following seed oil administration. The increase in HDL-C was more marked in seed oil treated hypercholesterolemic animals. The acetylcholine-induced vasorelaxant activity was significantly decreased in cholesterol-fed animals and could be restored to that of normal values by seed oil administration. These observations suggest that supercritical CO2 extracted SBT seed oil has significant anti-atherogenic and cardioprotective activity. © 2007 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Circulating endothelial cells in coronary artery disease; Background: Endothelial damage and dysfunction play a crucial role in the pathophysiology of coronary artery disease (CAD). The quantification of circulating endothelial cells (CEC) in the peripheral blood is a novel method for assessing endothelial damage. Aim: To evaluate the possible diagnostic use of single quantification of CEC in peripheral blood by flow cytometry in patients with CAD. Methods: We examined 48 patients with CAD, including 23 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and 25 patients with stable angina (SA). The control group consisted of 20 healthy subjects without symptoms of CAD. The CEC count was evaluated by flow cytometry using antibodies against CD31, CD146, and CD45. Plasma biochemical markers of endothelial damage (von Willebrand Factor [vWF], thrombomodulin [TM]) were measured by ELISA. Serum concentrations of troponin I (TnI) and lipid parameters were also included in the statistical analysis. Results: A significant increase in the CEC count was found in patients with AMI compared to the control group (p < 0.05) and SA patients (p < 0.05). However, no difference was found in the CEC count between patients with SA and the control group. Increased vWF activity was found in both groups of CAD patients compared to the control group (AMI: p < 0.001, SA: p < 0.01), and vWF activity was significantly higher in AMI patients compared to SA patients (p < 0.001). Thrombomodulin concentration did not differ significantly between any patient groups and the control group. The CEC count correlated positively with vWF activity (r = 0.3852, p < 0.05) and the atherogenic index TC/HDL-C (r = 0.3844, p < 0.05) in all patients with CAD (AMI + SA). The sensitivity of CEC count for the diagnosis of an acute coronary syndrome was lower than that of TnI level on admission (39% vs 69%). Conclusions: We confirmed that CEC count in peripheral blood can be determined by flow cytometry in CAD patients with both AMI and SA. The CEC count in AMI was increased in comparison to healthy subjects and SA patients in one third of all cases. To determine whether CEC count could be used to improve the diagnosis of an acute coronary syndrome in patients with CAD, additional studies in larger patient groups would be required. Copyright © Via Medica.
Decreased plasma adiponectin concentrations in women with low-grade C-reactive protein elevation; Objective: Inflammation has been suggested as a risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, while some components of metabolic syndrome X have been related to inflammatory markers. We hypothesized that adipocyte secreting protein, adiponectin and leptin, for which have been demonstrated an association with metabolic syndrome X and coronary artery disease, may be associated with inflammatory markers in nondiabetic humans. Design and methods: We measured high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), as an inflammatory marker, and adiponectin and leptin concentrations in 384 nondiabetic Japanese women (mean± S.E.M. age 53.6±0.8 years, body mass index (BMI) 23.0±0.2 kg/m2) undergoing measurement of markers of metabolic syndrome X. Results: The women who had a low-grade hs-CRP elevation (> 2.0 mg/l) were significantly older and had higher BMI, body fat mass (BFM), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), atherogenic index (AI = (TC - HDLC)/HDLC), where HDLC is high-density lipoproten-cholesterol), fasting blood glucose and leptin concentrations before and after adjustment for BMI or BFM, while lower HDLC and adiponectin concentrations before and after adjustment compared with women with normal CRP levels (< 0. 5 mg/l). BMI, BFM, TG, AI and leptin before and after adjustment were found to be correlated with hs-CRP levels, while HDLC and adiponectin before and after adjustment were inversely correlated (all P < 0.0001). hs-CRP was independently associated with white blood cell count, blood urea nitrogen and AI and inversely with adiponectin/BFM in the stepwise regression analysis model. Conclusions: These data demonstrate a significant decrease in plasma adiponectin in low-grade chronic inflammation, and suggest that there is an important linkage between inflammation/adipose tissue/atherosclerosis.
Lipid lowering effect of ethanolic extract of aerial parts of Peucedanum pastinacifolium Boiss. and Hausskn. in hypercholesterolemic rats; Increased plasma cholesterol is known to be a major risk related to the development of coronary artery disease. The main purpose of this study was to determine possible effects of the ethanolic extract of aerial parts of Peucedanum pastinacfolium on the serum lipids in hypercholesterolemic rats. Experimental hypercholesterolemia was induced by feeding rats a cholesterol-enriched diet for 56 days. Hypercholesterolemic rats were classified into five groups. One group did not receive treatments and served as a control hypercholesterolemic group. The other four groups were fed the cholesterol-enriched diet in conjunction with 125, 250, 500 mg extract per kg of the body weight along with 20 mg atrovaststin per kg body weight in a daily oral dose. A normal group of rats fed with a plain chow diet was also included in the study. After oral administration for 8 weeks, P. pastinacifolium extract produced significant decrease on serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride levels and atherogenic indices in hypercholesterolemic groups (P < 0.05). P. pastinacifolium extract had no effects on serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in these groups. It is concluded that the extract of aerial parts of P. pastinacifolium exhibits lipid lowering activity in hypercholesterolemic rats. However, further investigation would be necessary to evaluate the mechanism of action of the extract. Copyright © 2009 by School of Pharmacy Shaheed Beheshti University of Medical Sciences and Health Services.
Dietary fish and sesame oil effects on serum lipid profile of rats fed on coconut oil based high fat diet; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the role of dietary fish and sesame oils as protective agents or for treatment of hyperlipidemia. Materials and Methods: There were two experiments addressing protective and treatment effects respectively. First experiment had five groups of ten male albino rats. All groups were fed on respective diets for 12 weeks; Group I (control); standard diet, Group II; standard diet with 20% coconut oil, Group III; group II diet with 10% fish oil, Group IV; group II diet with 10% sesame oil, Group V; group II supplemented with fish/sesame oil (5:1 ratio). The second experiment included 40 rats fed on high fat diet for 12 weeks then divided into four groups to be fed for another 12 weeks. Control group was on standard diet. Second, third and fourth were standard diet supplemented with 10% fish, 10% sesame and fish/sesame oil (5:1) respectively. Fasting lipid profile and atherogenic index were determined. Results: Rats fed on coconut oil showed significant elevation in the levels of serum total cholesterol, LDL-c, atherogenic factor while HDL-c level was significantly decreased. Histological examination revealed large lipid depositions in livers of rats fed high fat diet. Supplementation of diet with fish oil or a mixture of fish/sesame oil lowered blood cholesterol and prevented atherogenesis hence predisposition for coronary heart diseases. We concluded that, ω-3 and/or ω-6 prevent atherosclerosis and reduces coronary heart disease. 2009 © TurkJBiochem.com.
Clinical usefulness of coronary atherogenic index (cai); Hypercholesterolemia is one of the major risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD), but there is a dyslipidemic group involving CHD, which shows normocholesterolemia. In order not to overlook this dyslipidemic group, in addition to TC, other three lipid parameters, such as HDL-C, apolipoprotein A1 and apolipoprotein B were determined. The ratio T/CHDL-CXapo B/apo Al is defined as coronary atherogenic index (CAI). In this study, the clinical usefulness of CAI over 5 predicting ischemic heart disease is presented. © 1994, Japanese Society of National Medical Services. All rights reserved.
"Atherogenic index of plasma" (log10 triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol) predicts high blood pressure, diabetes, and vascular events; Objectives: To determine the association of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the logarithm of molar ratio of triglyceridemia to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-cholesterol) with cardiometabolic disorders was investigated in a sample of the Turkish population. Methods: A total of 2676 middle-aged adults were prospectively evaluated with a clinical examination and laboratory tests during 7.8 years' follow-up. Results: AIP was significantly associated in multiple linear regression analyses with greater apolipoprotein B and lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels, reflecting the presence of smaller LDL particle size. Whereas in men insulin levels, obesity, and nonHDL-cholesterol were major determinants, C-reactive protein (CRP) was the strongest determinant of AIP among women, independent of body mass index. Top quartiles of AIP predicted significantly age-adjusted incident coronary heart disease (CHD) in both sexes, more strongly in women, in whom quartile 3 also was a predictor with a greater than 2-fold relative risk. Associations remained significant after adjustment for CRP and traditional risk factors. AIP significantly predicted diabetes and high blood pressure in both sexes after adjustment for age and CRP. With regard to incident high blood pressure, the risk ratio in men was attenuated when body mass index also was adjusted. Conclusions: High AIP, a surrogate of small LDL particle size, reflects obesity and hyperinsulinemia in men and high CRP status in women. It predicts CHD independently, type 2 diabetes mediated by obesity in men and in women, high blood pressure, metabolic syndrome, and CHD potentially mediated by involvement in a proinflammatory status reflected by CRP. © 2010 National Lipid Association.
Normal cholesterol measurements in white collar workers still at cardiovascular risk?; Low serum total cholesterol (TC) in workers has been taken to indicate absence of cardiovascular (CV) risk. In angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease TC has been shown to be less poignant than compound indices of cardiovascular risk in separating patients from controls. The implications for prevention in an industrial medical setting of relying on TC measurements are discussed. Employees (n = 229) tested by an occupational health service in a non-manufacturing firm were dichotomized as low and high cardiovascular risk subjects either by the level of total cholesterol, or by two compound indices of blood lipid components. The compound indices were: the TC/HD(c)-ratio, and an 'atherogenic index' (ATH-index) defined as ([TC-HDL(c) x [ape B])+ ([HDL(c)] x [ape A]). (ape A = apolipoprotein A-l, apo B = apolipoprotein B). Cut-off values to separate between low- and high-risk subjects were defined as TC = 6.0 mmol/l, HDL(c) = 0.9 mmol/l, apo A = 1.8 g/l and apo B = 1.3 g/l, based on clinical guidelines in Norway. These individual cut-off values gave TC/HD(c) and ATH-index cut-off values of 6.7 and 4.1, respectively. Assuming a more correct discrimination between persons at low- and high-risk, using compound lipid indices, both the number of persons given unnecessary advice on lifestyle changes or urged to take TC reducing medication, and the number of persons not treated on the basis of normal TC levels, would be reduced. Percentages of persons classified as TC-level-low risk, were adjusted using empirical data on sensitivity and specificity of the compound indices. Among employees with TC < 6.0 mmol/l, 15% and 23% of women, and 12% and 19% of men would be classified as high-risk persons using the TC/HD(c)-ratio or the ATH-index, respectively. Lack of prospective data on compound indices suggests cautious interpretation. TC values in spurious testing, as often applied in occupational health service without due regard to other lipid fractions, would increase the probability of unnecessarily treating persons not at CV risk and withholding people at probable CV risk from treatment. Although prospective studies are needed to confirm findings, the changes observed suggest avoiding measurements of some single lipid factors.
Clinical long-term results of H.E.L.P.-apheresis; The heparin-induced extracorporeal LDL-precipitation (H.E.L.P.) procedure was approved by the German Health Authorities with the requirement of performing a five year postmarketing surveillance (PMS) study to document safety and efficiency data. A postmarketing surveillance resembles a patient registry including a patient population inhomogeneous to a certain degree with respect to clinical diagnosis and stage of the disease, respectively. Compared to clinical studies a patient registry differs by the length of regular documentation due to the fact that new patients can be recruited at any time during the 5 years of registry documentation. These restrictions must be considered to correctly interprete the PMS data presented. During the study period, a total of 628 patients were recruited at 82 HELP-treatment facilities. The mean pre-treatment LDL value was 276 mg/dl and the mean HDL value 45 mg/dl corresponding to an atherogenic index of 6.1. In addition to the regular HELP treatment, most of the patients were treated by diet and statins (88.5%) or other lipid-lowering drugs. Although 90% of all patients had been treated by maximal conventional lipid-lowering drug treatment, 42.2% of all documented patients had LDL plasma values >250 mg/dl; 19% of all documented patients exerted LDL values of >400 mg/dl and were therefore classified as homozygous FH patients. The mean surveillance time was 2 years. For 243 patients documentation was stopped early due to varying reasons: 19 patients passed away during the postmarketing surveillance; in 7 cases HELP treatment was discontinued because of adverse effects, and 78 patients changed the LDL apheresis treatment device and were therefore lost for the PMS. Lacking patient compliance and refusal of further reimbursement of the treatment costs were reasons in 28 patients, and medical reasons were documented for another 111 patients for early termination of apheresis treatment. From 58991 documented single HELP-treatment procedures, the treated plasma volume was available as a measure for treatment efficiency. The mean treated plasma volume was 2.8 l; in 83.9% of all documented treatments a minimum of >2.5 l was treated. The mean treatment interval was 9.9 days. Out of 628 patients, 158 complained of angina before regular HELP treatment. At the final examination, the majority of these patients (87%) reported marked improvement, similar to self-reported improvement of dyspnea on exertion. The incidence of cardiac events including death, myocardial infarction, angioplasty and CABG was lower in patients with LDL > 250 mg/dl (12.3%) as compared to patients with LDL < 250 mg/dl (17%). For all patients, the relative rate of events was 16%. One further aim of the PMS study was the documentation of adverse effects of regular HELP treatment using a questionnaire. During five years of PMS, 2734 (4.6%) adverse effects during 59121 documented single HELP treatments in 622 patients were recorded. To define adverse effects directly related to the HELP procedure, adverse effects of the concomitant drugs administered require careful consideration. Therefore, the incidence of adverse effects directly attributable to HELP does not exceed 1-2%.
Visceral fat syndrome in hemodialysis patients; Background. Recently, careful attention has been paid to multiple risk factor syndromes, such as syndrome X, insulin-resistance syndrome, and visceral-fat syndrome, in terms of the development of coronary artery disease, which is also the major cause of death in hemodialysis patients. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of visceral fat accumulation on these multiple risk factors in hemodialysis patients. Methods. Seventy-two stable outpatients (35 men, 37 women) participated in this study. After determination of the visceral fat area and the subcutaneous fat area by a computed tomography scanning technique, they were classified into two groups according to the value of the visceral fat area. Fasting blood samples were drawn for lipid and carbohydrate data. Results. The high-visceral fat group exhibited a significantly (1) higher insulin resistance index, (2) higher level of triglyceride, (3) lower level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and (4) a higher atherogenic index, in comparison with the low-visceral fat group. Moreover, they had (5) a higher frequency of a history of coronary artery disease (33.3% vs 8.3%; P < 0.01). These findings are completely in accordance with the visceral fat syndrome. Conclusions. Visceral fat accumulation in hemodialysis patients has effects on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, and it may increase the risk of coronary artery disease.
New features in the cardiovascular risk estimation and in the preventiv therapy in the recommendations of the Second Hungarian Therapeutic Consensus Conference; The First Hungarian Therapeutic Consensus Conference took place on 3rd Nov. 2003 with the participation of 9 medical societies. Over the past 2 years the results of new major studies have been published and the American ATP III has also updated its guidelines issued in 2004. Based on the above proposals, the Second Hungarian Therapeutic Consensus Conference held on 3rd Nov. 2005 partly confirmed its earlier suggestions, but made some changes as well. Within the high risk category the Conference optionally created a very high risk group from those patients who - in addition to their cardiovascular disease - have either diabetes or metabolic syndrome or acut coronaria syndrome or who are chain smokers. We have included - as a complement - into the asymptomatic high risk category such newly emerging risk factors, one of which already in itself means high risk: ankle/arm index: ≤0.9, GFR <60 ml/min, microalbuminuria (30-300 mg), preclinic atherosclerosis (plaque). Besides, 4 other risk factors were also categorised such as Lp/ a (≥30mg/dl), CRP (≥3mg/l homocystein (≥12μmol), familiarity - atherogenic gene constellation, but only the presence of at least two of these verify high risk. In very high risk group the goals of 3.5 mmol /l and 1.8 mmol/l were determined as therapeutic option. The goal in obese patients - expressed earlier only in BMl - can now be equally determined by the abdominal circumference (94 cm for men, 80 cm for women respectively). ACE inhibitors were recommended earlier as a preventive therapy in case of dysfunction of the left ventricle, while at present they are suggested or all patients with cardiovascular disease. In the recent recommendations guidelines related to nutrition, smoking, exercise have also been included.
A novel approach to assessing family history in the prevention of coronary heart disease; Family history serves as the most important risk factor in prevention of coronary heart disease from youth. Prevalent methods of assessing family history, however, have serious drawbacks : a sudden rise of risk when a family member develops the disease; insufficient control for age among family members. We propose a simple quantitative method overcoming such drawbacks. Data on family history were obtained by questionnaires sent to 2,393 male high school students and their cholesterol levels were measured. Family risk from each family member was calculated by (30 / Risk age)4, where the risk age was age at onset expressed by decade; if absent, it was replaced by present age or age at death. A mean score in a family served as the family risk. A total of 1,584 students and 17,127 family members were analyzed. The proposed method yielded a statistically significant association (Odds ratio=1.60; 95% confidence interval: 1.15-2.25) between the family risk (above or below the median) and the student's atherogenic index (above or below the 90th percentile) calculated from cholesterols. This association was stronger than those by conventional methods. The proposed method may be useful in prevention activities and its efficiency needs to be confirmed in other studies.
Effect of discontinuation of growth hormone treatment on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in adolescents born small for gestational age; Hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, and coronary heart disease have been associated with being born small for gestational age (SGA). It has been reported that GH treatment induced higher insulin levels, which has led to concern regarding the long-term effect of GH treatment in predisposed individuals such as children born SGA. In this study, we assessed the effect of discontinuation of long-term GH treatment in 47 adolescents born SGA on oral glucose tolerance tests, blood pressure (BP), and serum lipid levels for two GH dosage groups (3 vs. 6 IU/m2·d). At 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment mean (SD) age was 16.0 (2.1) yr. Mean duration of GH treatment had been 6.9 (1.5) yr. Fasting glucose levels and 120-min area under the curve for glucose 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment showed no difference from pretreatment levels for both GH dosage groups. After discontinuation of GH treatment, fasting insulin levels returned to pretreatment levels (8.4 mU/liter), whereas the 120-min area under the curve for insulin decreased, compared with 6-yr levels (P < 0.01), regardless of GH dosage group. No significant difference was found when levels were compared with a control group. In addition, for both GH dosage groups, no significant changes in systolic and diastolic BP SD score, total cholesterol, and atherogenic index (total cholesterol/ high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were seen from 6 yr of GH until 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment. In conclusion, in children born SGA, the GH-induced insulin insensitivity disappeared after discontinuation of GH, even after long-term GH treatment. Furthermore, the beneficial effect of GH on BP was not changed after discontinuation of GH, and most children had normal lipid levels.
Atherogenic lipoprotein profile in families with and without history of early myocardial infarction; In this study we compared several parameters characterizing differences in the lipoprotein profile between members of families with a positive or negative family history of coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition to regular parameters such as the body mass index (BMI), total plasma cholesterol (TC), low density (LDL-C) and high density (HDL-C) cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) we estimated the fractional esterification rate of cholesterol in apoB lipoprotein-depleted plasma (FERHDL) which reflects HDL and LDL particle size distribution. A prevalence of smaller particles for the atherogenic profile of plasma lipoproteins is typical. Log (TG/HDL-C) as a newly established atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated and correlated with other parameters. The cohort in the study consisted of 29 young (< 54 years old) male survivors of myocardial infarction (MI), their spouses and at least one offspring (MI group; n=116). The control group consisted of 29 apparently healthy men with no family history of premature CAD in three generations, their spouses and at least one offspring (control group; n=124). MI families had significantly higher BMI than the controls, with the exception of spouses. Plasma TC did not significantly differ between MI and the controls. MI spouses had significantly higher TG. Higher LDL-C had MI survivors only, while lower HDL-C had both MI survivors and their spouses compared to the controls. FERHDL was significantly higher in all the MI subgroups (probands 25.85±1.22, spouses 21.55±2.05, their daughters 16.93±1.18 and sons 19.05±1.33 %/h) compared to their respective controls (men 20.80±1.52, spouses 14.70±0.98, daughters 13.23±0.74, sons 15.7±0.76 %/h, p<0.01 to p<0.05). Log(TG/HDL-C) ranged from negative values in control subjects to positive values in MI probands. High correlation between FERHDL and Log (TG/HDL-C) (r=0.80, p<0.0001) confirmed close interactions among TG, HDL-C and cholesterol esterification rate. The finding of significantly higher values of FERHDL and Log (TG/HDL-C) indicate higher incidence of atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype in members of MI families. The possibility that, in addition to genetic factors, a shared environment likely contributes to the familial aggregation of CAD risk factors is supported by a significant correlation of the FERHDL values within spousal pairs (control pairs: r = 0.51 p<0.01, MI pairs: r = 0.41 p<0.05).
Prevalence of renal artery stenosis in patients with critical limb ischemia; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate the prevalence of renal artery stenosis in patients with critical limb ischemia and to study any clinical or laboratory indicator that could predict this association. PATIENTS AND METHOD: One hundred consecutive patients with critical limb ischemia evaluated by angiogram were included in the study from January to July 2003. Cardiovascular risk factors and renal function were analyzed. RESULTS: One hundred angiographic studies have been analyzed. Thirty nine (39%) of our patients had some type of pathology of the renal artery but the rest, 61 (61%), had normal and healthy renal arteries. In 5 patients, a bilateral renal pathology was found. Severe disease (> 60% stenosis, bilateral or renal occlusion) was present in 15 cases including 6 occlusions. Once we compared the patients with healthy renal arteries with the patients with different degrees of stenosis, we did not appreciate significant differences in hypertension, diabetes, coronary disease or smoking habit, nor with laboratory data such as creatinine, urea, c-reactive protein, total cholesterol or atherogenic index. No differences were found either comparing patients with normal renal artery with patients with bilateral pathology or with unilateral occlusion. CONCLUSIONS: There is a high prevalence of renal artery pathology in patients with critical limb ischemia although we have not found any clinical or laboratory factors useful to identify them.
Hyperhomocysteinaemia and cardiovascular risk in female ovariectomized rats: Role of folic acid and hormone replacement therapy; Hyperhomocysteinaemia is an independent risk factor for arteriosclerosis, recurrent thromboembolic complications and osteoporosis. After menopause, a high level of total homocysteine seems to be secondary to the altered hormonal status. Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) limits the development of coronary artery disease through a variety of mechanisms. One such mechanism is through affecting homocysteine metabolism. Folate and vitamin B12 deficiencies are considered to be major risks for hyperhomocysteinaemia. This study, therefore, was undertaken to examine whether lowering homocysteine with HRT or folic acid in ovariectomized rats could attenuate cardiovascular complications. Sixty sexually mature female Wistar rats were ovariectomized. Three weeks later, they were treated with estradiol (15 μg kg-1, every two weeks, i.m.) or folic acid (90 μg daily, orally), either alone or in a combined form for four weeks. In addition, groups of ovariectomized rats (positive control) and healthy rats (negative control) were given cottonseed oil. Blood samples were then collected for serum and plasma separation. Serum total homocysteine, folate, estradiol, plasma nitric oxide (NO), lipid profile, and susceptibility of non-high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (non HDLC) content to oxidation were determined. In ovariectomized rats, hyperhomocysteinaemia was established and associated with significant increments of both atherogenic indexes (total cholesterol/HDLC, low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC)/HDLC) and susceptibility of their non HDLC to oxidation. However, plasma NO, serum folate, and estradiol levels significantly decreased. HRT and folic acid significantly reduced total homocysteine and susceptibility of non HDLC to oxidation and increased plasma NO content. Moreover, a significant negative correlation was found between total homocysteine versus folate and estradiol (r = -0.5, P < 0.01; r = -0.25, P < 0.05, respectively). Meanwhile, a positive correlation with the susceptibility of lipoprotein to oxidation was observed (r = 0.85, P < 0.001). In conclusion, a low folate level is found to be associated with elevated total homocysteine. Folic acid supplementation, either individually or in a combined form with HRT, has a beneficial effect in low estrogen status subsequent to ovariectomy.
Hemostatic changes in patients with dyslipidemia and coronary artery disease; Dislipidemia, persisting prethrombotic state and elevation of anticardiolipin antibodies are risk factors for coronary artery disease. This study was aimed to perform parallel investigation of serum lipids and hemostasis indexes of 39 patients with clinically proven coronary artery disease: 13 with stable angina; 13 with unstable angina and 13 after myocardial infarction. The following parameters were estimated: TC, HDL-C, LDL-C, TG, apo AI, apo B and atherogenic indices TC/HDL-C, TG/HDL-C, non-HDL-C, apo B/AI, platelet count and aggregation, platelet factor 4, coagulation factors I, II, VII, IX, X, aPTT, antithrombin III, protein C, plasminogen, D-dimer, plasma viscosity and anticardiolipin antibodies. TC, LDL-C and non - HDL were significantly higher in patients with stable angina compared to patients with unstable angina, while apo B/AI was lowered. Patients after myocardial infarction were with significantly higher apo B/AI and anticardiolipin antibodies and lower platelet count and HDL-C in comparison with patients with stable angina. TC/HDL-C, non-HDL-C and anticardiolipin antibodies were significantly higher while fibrinogen was diminished in patients with myocardial infarction compared to unstable angina. Multiple correlations between lipid and hemostasis parameters, anticardiolipin antibodies and plasma viscosity were found. Parameter changes indicated platelet activation and hypercoagulability in patients with unstable angina and after myocardial infarction.
Changes in the indices of lipid metabolism in patients with ischemic heart disease occupied in natural gas fields; The influence of adaptation to periodic pressure-chamber hypoxia produced on the condition of the lipid spectrum of blood serum before and after adaptation as well as in 3, 6 and 10 months after hypoxic training was studied in 46 patients with ischemic heart disease working at a enterprise specializing in winning and processing the hydrogen-sulfide-containing gas-condensate. The adaptation therapy was found to result in a reliable reduction of the total cholesterol level, of the level of cholesterol of lipoproteins of the low and extra low densities and of triglycerides; it also contributed to the increase of cholesterol of lipoproteins of the high density in blood serum, which, in the end, ensures a reduced atherogenic coefficient. The positive-for-organism changes in the lipid spectrum of blood serum hold on in patients with coronary heart disease for as long as 6 months after the adaptation therapy. The nature and degree of blood lipids' changes depend on an initial level of the atherogenic index; they were maximally pronounced in persons with the index exceeding 3, and virtually absent in IHD patients with the atherogenicity coefficient being below the mentioned figure.
Plasma adiponectin is related to other cardiovascular risk factors in nondiabetic Korean men with CAD, independent of adiposity and cigarette smoking: Cross-sectional analysis; Background: Circulating adiponectins have multiple protective roles as anti-diabetic, anti-atherosclerotic, and anti-inflammatory factors. We examined the relationship between plasma adiponectin concentration and other cardiovascular risk in nondiabetic coronary artery disease (CAD) men and the relationship can be maintained even after adjusted for major environmental factors that contribute to adiponectin concentrations. Methods: Nondiabetic CAD men (n = 613) were 31-70 y and had body mass index (BMI) of 18.5-29.9 kg/m2. Results: Circulating adiponectins positively correlated with age and negatively with BMI, waist circumference and % body fat (p-values of all < 0.001). Plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher in never-smokers (5.07 ± 0.30 μg/ml) than current (4.15 ± 0.12 μg/ml) and ex-smokers (3.75 ± 0.20 μg/ml) both before and after adjusted for age and adiposity (p = 0.002 and p = 0.008, respectively), however they were not significantly different according to alcohol drinking status. After adjusted for age, adiposity and cigarette smoking, plasma adiponectin still have positive correlations with HDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein AI and LDL particle size, and inversely with fasting triglyceride, atherogenic index, insulin resistance and C-reactive protein (CRP). However there was no significant relationships between adiponectin and apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol or LDL cholesterol. In subset analysis by tertile adiponectin concentrations (lowest: < 2.92, moderate: 2.92 ≤ adiponectin < 4.75, highest: ≥ 4.75 μg/ml), 'moderate' and 'highest' adiponectin groups had lower triglyceride (p < 0.001), lower atherogenic index (p = 0.001), lower fasting insulin (p = 0.004), lower insulin resistance (p = 0.001), lower CRP (p = 0.001), higher HDL cholesterol (p < 0.001), higher apolipoprotein AI (p = 0.005) and higher LDL particle size (p < 0.001) as compared with 'lowest' adiponectin group when adjusted for age, adiposity and cigarette smoking. Platelets were lower in 'highest' adiponectin groups as compared with 'lowest' and 'moderate' adiponectin group after the adjustment. However, there was no significant difference in total cholesterol (p = 0.145), LDL cholesterol (p = 0.145), apolipoprotein B (p = 0.222) and fasting glucose (p = 0.157). Conclusion: An increase of adiponectin concentrations or the maintenance of higher concentration may be negatively associated with cardiovascular risk factors in nondiabetic CAD male patients, independent of adiposity and smoking status. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Platelet aggregation and lipid profile in offsprings of young ischemics; Objective: To study the platelet aggregation and lipid profile in offsprings of young ischemic parents. Design: Cross sectional. Setting: Hospital based. Methods: 40 adults under 45 years of age with proven CHD and their 50 offsprings comprised the study group. In the control group, 40 age matched adults with normal maximal treadmill test and their 50 off springs were included. All were screened for lipid profile and platelet aggregation. Results: Platelet aggregation was significantly elevated in adults with CHD (44.0 ± 15.5%) compared to controls (32.22 ± 9.1%) Children of CHD adults also had significantly elevated aggregation (34.9 ± 12.5%) compared to control offsprings (27.8 ± 9.9%). Adult CHD subjects had significantly elevated serum cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) and atherogenic index compared to control adults. The children in both groups had similar lipid profiles. Conclusion: Platelet aggregation is enhanced in offsprings of young ischemics. The potential of this index as a marker for early development of CHD needs to be explored.
Lipid composition of mononuclear cell membranes and serum from persons with high or low levels of serum HDL cholesterol; High density lipoprotein (HDL) levels have been shown to be inversely correlated with the incidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). Since we have previously found that peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from persons with high (n = 10) or low HDL (n = 10) have different functional properties, we wanted to examine the PBMC membrane lipid composition and fluidity, as well as to characterize the serum lipoproteins in greater detail. In persons with high HDL, PBMC membrane phospholipids were higher, and the cholesterol/phospholipid (CH/PL) ratio lower than in persons with low HDL. Membrane cholesterol and phospholipids were positively correlated with serum HDL. The fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids, and membrane fluidity was similar. The median saturated/unsaturated fatty acid (SFA/UFA) ratio tended to be lower in PBMC membranes and in serum from persons with high HDL; however this was not statistically significant. In serum, total phospholipids and HDL, components (cholesterol, phospholipids and protein) were higher in persons with high HDL, whereas non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) components (triglycerides, cholesterol, phospholipids and protein) were lower. Furthermore, serum cholesterol esters and the cholesterol esters/free cholesterol (CE/FC) ratio was higher, and the atherogenic index, i.e. (apoB x (total cholesterol-HDL(c))/apoA-IxHDL(c), lower in persons with high HDL. These results demonstrate that PBMC from persons with high or low serum HDL have a different lipid composition, presumably of importance for cell function, lipid transport and atherogenesis.
To what extent are the effects of diet on coronary heart disease lipid-mediated?; Background: Cohort and case-control studies support the effect of diet on coronary heart disease. The objective of this study was to analyze the strength of the influence of dietary fat subtypes and other nutrients on serum lipids levels in patients with a first acute myocardial infarction. Methods: We studied 139 patients with a first myocardial infarction and no previous history of vascular disease. Serum lipids were determined, and nutrient intake was analyzed using a validated 118-food item questionnaire. Results: Multiple regression models found weak but significant associations between the intake of different fatty acids and total to HDL cholesterol ratio (atherogenic index) when we adjusted for age, gender and body mass index (BMI). Positive associations with serum HDL cholesterol concentration were observed for energy-adjusted intake of red wine, alcohol intake, and omega-3 fatty acids intake. However, these nutrients explained less than 12% of the variability in the atherogenic index, and less than 17% in the variability of HDL. Conclusions: Our results suggest only a modest contribution of the investigated nutrients on serum lipids (atherogenic index and HDL cholesterol) in coronary patients. Alternative mechanisms of dietary factors not directly related with serum lipids or, more likely, a global effect of diet on inflammatory and antioxidant parameters should be studied in order to better understand the nature of dietary habits' influence on cardiovascular disease. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Triglyceride profile in dyslipidaemia of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate ratios of serum triglycerides and cholesterol levels which may indicate postprandial lipid handling and to assess their role as prospective markers of dyslipidaemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Study Design: Comparative, observational study. Place and Duration of Study: Bismillah Taqee Hospital, Karachi from July 2002 till December 2003. Patients and Methods: The study comprised 160 subjects, including 83 known type 2 diabetics (45 males, 38 females) and 77 age-matched controls (45 males, 32 females). Fasting blood samples were analysed for serum triglycerides and total cholesterol, using automated chemistry analyzer. HDL-C was determined by precipitation method and LDL-C and VLDL-C were estimated by Friedewalds formula. LDL/HDL ratio and TG/HDL ratios were also calculated. The mean values for male and female diabetics were compared with that for the male and female non-diabetics respectively and tested for significance by paired t-test. Results: Serum triglycerides and VLDL were raised in both male and female diabetics. No significant differences were observed in levels of serum total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and the LDL/HDL ratio. The mean value of the TG/HDL ratio for male diabetics was higher than that for the male non-diabetics (p=0.39). A statistically significant difference was found in the TG/HDL ratios for the female diabetics and non-diabetics (p<0.05). Conclusion: In this study, type 2 diabetics showed marked hypertriglyceridaemia and raised TG/HDL ratio. The dyslipidaemia of diabetes predisposes to development of coronary heart disease and, therefore, evaluation of the TG:HDL ratio may provide a good tool to monitor and manage the lipid abnormalities in diabetics.
Relationship of dietary intake of fish and non-fish selenium to serum lipids in Japanese rural coastal community; Several studies have suggested that dietary selenium deficiency may be associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, 55 men and 71 women were selected from participants in a health examination in a rural coastal community in Japan. The mean dietary selenium intake calculated from the simple food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ) was 127.5 μg/day. Fish was the major source of dietary selenium and it contributed to 68.7% of the daily total. HDL cholesterol was higher in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group than in the low selenium intake group in all subjects and for males, and a significant difference was found between the middle selenium intake group and the low selenium intake group. The atherogenic index was significantly higher in the low selenium intake group than in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group in males. GPx activity, total cholesterol and triacylglycerols did not show any significant differences among the three different selenium intake groups. Dietary intake of non-fish Se had a positive correlation with HDL cholesterol, and an inverse correlation with the atherogenic index in all subjects and for females. On the other hand, dietary intake of fish-Se had no relationship with any serum lipids. Non-fish Se is an important factor in selenium status for the prevention of CHD.
For the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis: How beneficial is transdermal hormone replacement therapy?; Question: Can osteoporosis and cardiovascular risk be effectively and simultaneously prevented with transdermal estradiol replacement therapy (in combination with norethisterone acetate 1 mg per day, oral, cyclically for 12 days monthly)? Methods: A selected, representative group of healthy women with an average age of 52 years, with confirmed natural menopause for 1 to 4 years, randomly allocated to a treatment group with hormone replacement (n = 42) and a control-group (n = 70), with homogeneous main parameters in the two groups, can be compared, without distortion of the findings, during the period of the two-year intervention study: the purely trabecular bone mass in the distal radius was specifically measured, prospectively, with the highly accurate, three-dimensional, peripheral quantitative computed tomography (thin- and multi-layer technology; Densiscan 1000) and the serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein levels were measured (at the end of the gestagen cycle) in the morning fasting state. Results: One-third of the persons of the control-group showed an annual loss of trabecular bone mass of more than 3.5%. These fast losers, who on the basis of the annual bone destruction rates are to be classified in the upper tertiles of the two groups, suffered a loss of trabecular bone of 4.2±0.4% (mean ±SEM) in the treatment-group, compared with 7.3±1.0% in the control-group in the first year; in the second year no loss of trabecular bone was observed in the treatment-group, while in the control-group the high rate of trabecular-bone destruction continued unchanged. The slow losers (belonging to the middle and lower tertiles according to the bone loss rates) showed equally little change in their trabecular bone mass after the menopause, which can be described as physiological, with mean yearly values between -1.1 and +0.4%, both in the treatment-group and in the control-group. Under the transdermal hormone replacement therapy only the triglyceride and total cholesterol levels fell in comparison with the control-group, but without any significant changes in the atherogenic index, either in regard to the LDL/HDL or apolipoproteins B/A-I ratios. Conclusions: To be able to make valid statements it is necessary to study the effectiveness of a measure or of a preparation for the prevention of osteoporosis in fast-losers, who are to be randomized to the respective study groups and whose status has been confirmed by tests. Transdermal hormone replacement therapy - low estradiol dose in combination with NETA - stops the pathologically increased loss of trabecular bone only in the second year of the treatment; the antiatherogenic effect, however, is not confirmed. Only an individually adjusted therapy based on test results, with follow-up controls, can constitute an efficient, ethically justifiable postmenopausal prophylaxis of both osteoporosis and coronary heart disease.
High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) assay--a novel method for assessment of risk ratios for atherosclerotic vascular diseases; CRP has long been used as a sensitive marker for infectious diseases. Since its serum concentration elevates more than 10 mg/dl with gram-negative bacterial infections, the sensitivity can be enough to be around 0.3-0.6 mg/dl for the diagnosis. However, the sensitivity should be higher in the early diagnosis of infections in new-borne babies. In addition, recently, it was suggested that atherosclerotic lesions are a kind of vasculitis, and the information could be transmitted via production of inflammatory cytokines and acute phase proteins. In fact, serum CRP and serum amyloid protein A(SAA) levels are elevated even in patients with coronary atherosclerosis without acute coronary syndrome(ACS). However, the level was much lower than the cut-off for diagnosis of bacterial infection. Therefore, the high-sensitive assay method has been applied. As the result, high-sensitivity(hs) CRP assay was found to be one of the most sensitive markers for prediction of future ACS in USA. Combination of hsCRP and atherogenic index such as total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol or LDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio is more useful. Similarly, it was found that hsCRP could predict the future prevalence of ACS even in Japan. It may be true because production of CRP is independent upon the genetic backgrounds. Early prevention of ACS by the measurement of hsCRP is calculated to be economic even if we measured hsCRF often in subjects without symptoms, because medical cost for treatment of acute myocardial infarction is enormous. In patients with high risk for coronary heart diseases, hsCRP-guided therapy is possible by using aspirin, stains, and antibiotics for prevention of ACS.
Taurine in health and diseases: Consistent evidence from experimental and epidemiological studies; Taurine (T) was first noted as beneficial for stroke and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) prevention in genetic rat models, stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP). The preventive mechanisms of T were ascribed to sympathetic modulation for reducing blood pressure (BP) and anti-inflammatory action. Recent epidemiological surveys revealed the involvement of inflammatory mediators in the pathogenesis of stroke and also atherosclerosis for which T was proven to be effective experimentally. Arterio-lipidosis prone rats, a substrain of SHRSP selectively bred for higher reactive hypercholesterolemia, quickly develop not only arterial fat deposition but also fatty liver which could be attenuated by dietary T supplementation. CARDIAC (CVD and Alimentary Comparison) Study was a WHO-coordinated multi-center epidemiological survey on diets and CVD risks and mortalities in 61 populations. Twenty-four-hour urinary (24U) T was inversely related significantly with coronary heart disease mortality. Higher 24U-T excreters had significantly lower body mass index, systolic and diastolic BP, total cholesterol (T-Cho), and atherogenic index (AI: T-Cho/high density lipoprotein-cholesterol) than lower T excreters. T effects on CVD risks were intensified in individuals whose 24U-T and -magnesium (M) excretions were higher. Furthermore, higher Na excreters with higher heart rate whose BP were significantly higher than those with lower heart rate were divided into two groups by the mean of 24U-T, high and low T excreters. Since the former showed significantly lower BP than the latter, T may beneficially affect salt-sensitive BP rise. Included among the typical 61 populations, were Guiyang, China or St. Johns, Newfoundland, Canada where in which the means of both 24U-T and -M were high or low, respectively. The former and the latter had low and high CVD risks, respectively. Australian Aboriginals living at the coastal area in Victoria were supposed to eat T- and M-rich bush and sea foods and be free from CVD 200 years ago, but they presently have nearly the highest CVD risks indicating that T- and/or M-containing seafood, vegetables, fruits, nuts, milk, etc, similar to prehistoric hunters and gatherers food should be good for CVD prevention. The preventive effects of T, good for health and longevity, first noted experimentally, were also proven epidemiologically in humans. © 2010 Yamori et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
The significance of atherogenic indices in patients on hemodialysis; Atherosclerotic diseases (ASD) are the major cause of mortality and morbidity in patients on hemodialysis (HD). To evaluate the significance and usefulness of atherogenic indices, we examined lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), remnant-like particles cholesterol (RLP.C), homocysteine (Hcy), cardiac troponin T (TnT), and ankle-arm blood pressure index (AABI) in 114 patients on HD (male 79, female 35; age 62.1 ± 1.3 years). As a result, serum cardiac TnT and AABI levels in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) (n = 33) were significantly higher than those in patients without DM (n = 81). In patients with cerebrovascular diseases (CVD), serum levels of both RLP.C and Hey, and AABI levels were significantly higher than those in patients without CVD. In patients with coronary artery diseases (CAD), serum cardiac TnT and AABI levels were significantly higher than those in patients without CAD. In patients with peripheral vascular diseases (PVD), serum levels of both Hey and cardiac TnT were significantly higher than those in patients without PVD. Multiple regression analysis did show that the presence of DM, serum Hcy levels and age were independent factors associated with ASD: ASD = -0.348 + 0.426 x DM (scored: 0, absence; 1, presence) + 0.005 x Hcy (nmol/ml) + 0.010 x Age (years) (p < 0.001). In conclusion, the presence of DM and advanced age are major determinants for atherosclerosis. In addition, serum Hcy levels are independent risk factors for atherosclerosis irrespective of the absence of DM. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Kale Juice improves coronary artery disease risk factors in hypercholesterolemic men; Objective To evaluate the effect of 3-month kale (Brassica oleracea acephala) juice supplementation on coronary artery disease risk factors among hypercholesterolemic men. Methods Thirty-two men with hypercholesterolemia (> 200 mg/dL) were recruited after annual health examinations among the faculty and staff at university. The subjects consumed 150 mL of kale juice per day for a 12-week intervention period. Dietary and anthropometric assessments were performed and blood samples were collected to evaluate biochemical profiles before and after supplementation. Results Serum concentrations of HDL-cholesterol, and HDL- to LDL-cholesterol ratio were significantly increased by 27% (P<0.0001) and 52% (P<0.0001), respectively. The LDL-cholesterol concentration and the atherogenic index were significantly reduced by 10% (P=0.0007) and 24.2% (P<0.0001), respectively without affecting body mass index, waist and hip circumferences, or nutrient intakes after three months of supplementation. While there was no difference in the concentration of malondialdehyde, significant increase in glutathione peroxidase activity (P=0.0005) were accompanied by a significant increase in the serum selenium level (P =0.0132). It was also found that the responses of these risk factors to kale juice administration were dependent on smoking status. Conclusion Regular meals supplementation with kale juice can favorably influence serum lipid profiles and antioxidant systems, and hence contribute to reduce the risks of coronary artery disease in male subjects with hyperlipidemia. Copyright © 2008 by China CDC.
Body fat topography as a predictor of an increase in blood lipids; Excess body fat is related to metabolic disorders such as an increase in lipids and circulating glucose, favoring the development of cardiovascular diseases. The objective of the present study was to determine whether body fat topography and relative body fat (%BF) predict plasma concentrations of glucose, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and the atherogenic index (AI) in adult men. For this, fasting blood metabolites were measured in 79 men. The AI was calculated using three different formulas. %BF and fat topography (leg, trunk and arm %BF) were estimated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Stepwise multiple linear regression was used for statistical analysis (p ≤ .05). The results showed that glucose concentration was not predicted by total or regional %BF. Trunk %BF alone explained 19.6% of TC concentrations, 16.3% of HDL, 16.0% of LDL and 13.4% of TG. TG was better explained by the inverse relationship between trunk %BF and leg %BF (22.7%). The same was observed for HDL (21.8%). %BF trunk accounted for 25.7% of the variation in AI1 and the inverse relationship between trunk %BF and leg %BF accounted for 30.3% of this variation. Trunk %BF accounted for 26.4% of the variation in AI2 and for 25.0% in AI3. In conclusion, trunk %BF was the best predictor of TC, TG, HDL, LDL and AI. Glucose concentration was not predicted by the total or localized accumulation of body fat. © Copyright Moreira Jr. Editora.
Lipid peroxidation intensity and lipid status parameters in the estimation of the severity of ischemic heart disease.; Atherosclerotic changes on the coronary arteries are the basis of the ischemic heart disease. It is assumed that the initial changes in this process occur as a consequence of the lipid peroxidation in the vessel wall. We estimated this process through the level of malondialdehyde (MDA) in the serum of 86 patients in whom selective coronary angiography was done for the suspected ischemic heart disease. According to the number of the stenotic coronary arteries (stenosis greater than 50%), we divided the patients into four groups: the control group with normal coronary angiography finding, simple, double or triple vessel coronary disease. In all the patients we also estimated the other parameters of the lipid status (cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL, HDL, Apo-AI, Apo B) and atherogenic indices Apo-AI/Apo B, LDL/HDL and HDL/total cholesterol. No significant changes were observed in the lipid parameters between the control and experimental group. However, mean MDA level in the whole experimental group was 3.89 mumol/L, 3.93 mumol/L in triple vessel coronary disease, 3.83 mumol/L in double vessel and 3.92 mumol/L in single vessel disease group. The difference between all the experimental and the control group was highly significant (p < 0.001). We concluded that the level of MDA--lipid peroxidation index had the better correlation with the disease status than the other parameters of lipid status and the sensitive atherogenic indices.
Effects of co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine on some cardiovascular disease indices in rats; The effects of co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine on some cardiovascular disease indices were investigated in albino rats (Rattus novergicus). The experimental animals were randomly divided into four groups: those administered distilled water (control), those administered artesunate (2. mg/kg body weight), those administered amodiaquine (6.12. mg/kg body weight) and those co-administered artesunate (2. mg/kg body weight) and amodiaquine (6.12. mg/kg body weight). The drugs were orally administered twice daily for three days after which the serum lipid profile, heart MDA content and heart ALP and ACP activities were determined. Artesunate significantly reduced (P<. 0.05) total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in the serum with no significant effects (P>. 0.05) on other parameters compared to controls. Amodiaquine, on the other hand, significantly reduced (P<. 0.05) serum total cholesterol concentration while it significantly increased (P<. 0.05) serum LDL-cholesterol and heart ACP activity compared to controls. Co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine significantly reduced (P<. 0.05) total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in the serum while significantly increasing (P<. 0.05) serum LDL-cholesterol concentration, atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C) and ACP activity in the heart compared to controls. The results obtained suggest that co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine to patients with coronary heart disease should be with caution. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Apolipoprotein e gene polymorphism in men with coronary atherosclerosis in Siberia; Polymorphism of coding fragment of APOE gene was analyzed in two groups of men. The main group consisted of 77 residents of the West Siberian region aged 45-65 years with coronary atherosclerosis (documented by coronary angiography) without acute coronary syndrome with stable effort angina, functional class II-IV. The reference group consisted of 350 residents of Novosibirsk, aged 45-69 years. Statistically significant associations between genotypes of APOE gene coding part polymorphism and some key lipid risk factors (blood total and LDL cholesterol, atherogenic index, etc.) for coronary atherosclerosis were found in male residents of the West Siberian region. Elevated total mean level of cholesterol was detected in male residents of Novosibirsk with the APOE genotypes containing ε4 allele. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc.
The effect of exemestane on serum lipid profile in postmenopausal women with metastatic breast cancer: A companion study to EORTC Trial 10951, 'Randomized phase II study in first line hormonal treatment for metastatic breast cancer with exemestane or tamoxifen in postmenopausal patients'; Background: The impact of aromatase inhibitors (AIs) on non-cancer-related outcomes, which are known to be affected by oestrogens, has become increasingly important in postmenopausal women with hormone-dependent breast cancer. So far, data related to the effect of AIs on lipid profile in postmenopausal women is scarce. This study, as a companion substudy of an EORTC phase II trial (10951), evaluated the impact of exemestane, a steroidal aromatase inactivator, on the lipid profile of postmenopausal metastatic breast cancer (MBC) patients. Patients and methods: The EORTC trial 10951 randomised 122 postmenopausal breast cancer patients to exemestane (E) 25 mg (n = 62) or tamoxifen (T) 20 mg (n = 60) once daily as a first-line treatment in the metastatic setting. Exemestane showed promising results in all the primary efficacy end points of the trial (response rate, clinical benefit rate and response duration), and it was well tolerated with low incidence of serious toxicity. As a secondary end point of this phase II trial, serum triglycerides (TRG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), total cholesterol (TC), lipoprotein a (Lip a), and apolipoproteins (Apo) B and A1 were measured at baseline and while on therapy (at 8, 24 and 48 weeks) to assess the impact of exemestane and tamoxifen on serum lipid profiles. Of the 122 randomised patients, those who had baseline and at least one other lipid assessment are included in the present analysis. The patients who received concomitant drugs that could affect lipid profile are included only if these drugs were administered throughout the study treatment. Increase or decrease in lipid parameters within 20% of baseline were considered as non-significant and thus unchanged. Results: Seventy-two patients (36 in both arms) were included in the statistical analysis. The majority of patients had abnormal TC and normal TRG, HDL, Apo A1, Apo B and Lip a levels at baseline. Neither exemestane nor tamoxifen had adverse effects on TC, HDL, Apo A1, Apo B or Lip a levels at 8, 24 and 48 weeks of treatment. Exemestane and tamoxifen had opposite effects on TRG levels: exemestane lowered while tamoxifen increased TRG levels over time. There were too few patients with normal baseline TC and abnormal TRG, HDL, Apo A1, Apo B and Lip a levels to allow for assessment of E's impact on these subsets. The atherogenic risk determined by Apo A1:Apo B and TC:HDL ratios remained unchanged throughout the treatment period in both the E and T arms. Conclusions: Overall, exemestane has no detrimental effect on cholesterol levels and the atherogenic indices, which are well-known risk factors for coronary artery disease. In addition, it has a beneficial effect on TRG levels. These data, coupled with E's excellent efficacy and tolerability, support further exploration of its potential in the metastatic, adjuvant and chemopreventive setting. © 2004 European Society for Medical Oncology.
Comparison of cord blood atherogenic index in males and females; Background: A strong independent relationship has been observed in epidemiological studies between serum cholesterol and coronary heart disease. Method: Study group consisted of 100 healthy newborns and hundred healthy volunteers (age group 18-25 years) served as controls. Samples were analyzed for lipid profile (total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, VLDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol), apolipoproteins: ApoA-I, ApoB. Atherogenic index (A.I.) was calculated as ratio of Apo-B to ApoA-I. Results: Lipid profile parameters were significantly lower in cord blood as compared to adults (P<0.001), cord blood of female newborns had higher total cholesterol (T-C), HDL-C, LDL-C Apo A-I, Apo B and A.I. as compared to male newborns, whereas triglycerides and VLDL-C were higher in male newborns. Conclusion: Gender-related factors might influence lipid levels and the pathological processes for CVD and its risk factors have been rooted in childhood which can change favorably in youth with lifestyle modifications and obesity reduction.
Lipoprotein metabolism and implications for atherosclerosis risk determination and treatment decisions; The relationship of lipids and lipoproteins to atherosclerosis is not a recent discovery. Nearly 100 years ago, Ignatowosky noted that wealthy patients who consumed large amounts of meat and dairy products appeared to have more arteriosclerosis on autopsy than poor patients who could not afford this rich type of food (1). Soon after this observation, Anitschkow and Chalatow conducted studies on rabbits that indicated that such high fat diets resulted in hypercholesterolemia and subsequent arteriosclerosis (2). With a tremendous amount of foresight, Aschoff suggested in 1924 that arteriosclerosis might be reversible (3). In the 1950s, Dr. John Gofman and colleagues at the Donner Laboratory (University of California) made another major step forward by investigating the relationship of low-density lipoproteins (LDL) to atherosclerosis in the Framingham and Lawrence Radiation Laboratory at Livermore studies (4). His contributions included the association of multiple lipoprotein subclasses defined by Svedberg floatation (Sf) intervals, assessed in the analytic ultracentrifuge. Gofman and colleagues were also well ahead of their time by reporting that high-density lipoprotein 2 (HDL2) (F3.5–9.0) was reduced 32.1% in patients who developed coronary artery disease (CAD). This raised the possibility of a protective role of HDL and HDL subclasses. An atherogenic index, based on these lipoprotein classes, attempted to quantitate the effect of these lipoproteins on atherosclerosis. With a great degree of prescience, which predated the Adult Treatment Panel guidelines by four decades, it was predicted that if longevity is linked to lipoproteins, then in order to improve longevity, “.a drastic rather than moderate reduction in such parameters is required.” Based on the work of Geer and McGill, it was even suggested that alteration in lipoprotein composition might lead to the development of atherosclerosis, even though no alteration in absolute lipoprotein levels occurred. Thus, the field of lipids, lipoproteins, and lipoprotein subclasses within the very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), intermediate-density lipoprotein (IDL), LDL, and HDL regions, and their relationship to atherosclerosis, is at least 50 years old. © 2006 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Hypocholesterolemic action of Lactobacillus plantarum NRRL-B-4524 and Lactobacillus paracasei in mice with hypercholesterolemia induced by diet; Cholesterol is known to be a major risk factor for coronary heart disease. Current treatments for elevated blood cholesterol include dietary management, regular exercise, and drug therapy, bile acid sequestrants. Such therapies, however, are often suboptimal and carry a risk for serious side effects. Lactic acid bacteria with active bile salt hydrolase (BSH) or products containing them are suggested to lower cholesterol levels. This study shows the effect of lactic acid bacteria Lactobacillus plantarum NRRL B-4524 used single or mixed with Lactobacillus paracasei and/or other strains of bacteria in rat diets (high fat and high cholesterol-enriched) in lowering blood serum cholesterol. Results show that consumption of lactic acid bacteria induced lowering of total serum cholesterol, total lipid, triacylglycerol, LDL-C and atherogenic index and increase in serum HDL-C. All samples experienced a high significant increasing effect for the excretion of free fatty acids and neutral fat in faeces. Mixed groups had a significant decreasing effect on body weight and feed intake/day than did single groups. © 2009, INSInet Publication.
Biochemical markers of atherosclerosis; This paper is a brief review of some lipid parameters and serum markers of inflammation in a view of their predictive relevance for the atherosclerotic disease. A discourse on the importance of measuring different lipids and lipoproteins, concentration of LDL particles and apolipoprotein levels is still underway. Also, the recommendations for apolipoprotein (a), phenotypization and other lipid markers have not yet been established. In recent years the recommendations imply simultaneous measuring of multiple markers and calculating the lipid index values such as lipid tetrad index (LTI), lipid pentad index (LPI) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Several circulating markers of inflammation such as C-reactive protein, serum fibrinogen and elevated leukocyte number, are consistently associated with atherosclerosis. In spite of a lack of evidence on measuring the C-reactive protein in a wide population, the guidelines for its application in diagnostics and therapy of coronary heart disease were developed. Some proinflammatory cytokines, adhesion molecules and markers of leukocyte activation are promising markers, requiring, however, more detailed prospective evaluation. The question to be elucidated is if these inflammatory markers are directly involved in the pathogenic process.
Antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic activities of Terminalia pallida Linn. fruits in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats; Hyperlipidemia contributes significantly in the manifestation and development of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease (CHD). Although synthetic lipid-lowering drugs are useful in treating hyperlipidemia, there are number of adverse effects. So the current interest has stimulated the search for new lipid-lowering agents with minimal side effects from natural sources. The present study was designed to investigate the antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic potentiality of ethanolic extract of Terminalia pallida fruits in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. T. pallida fruits ethanolic extract (TPEt) was prepared using Soxhlet apparatus. Sprague-Dawley male rats were made hyperlipidemic by giving high fat diet, supplied by NIN (National Institute of Nutrition), Hyderabad, India. TPEt was administered in a dose of 100mg/kg.b.w./day for 30 days in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. The body weights, plasma lipid, and lipoprotein levels were measured before and after the treatment. TPEt showed significant antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic activities as evidenced by significant decrease in plasma total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels coupled together with elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and diminution of atherogenic index in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. There was a significantly reduced body weight gain in TPEt-treated hyperlipidemic rats than in the control group. The present study demonstrates that TPEt possesses significant antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic properties, thus suggesting its beneficial effect in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
Differences between several atherogenic parameters in patients with controlled and uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aim to assess the differences between Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), ratio of oxidized-Low Density Lipoprotein (Ox-LDL)/High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) and ratio of Lipoprotein-associated Phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2)/HDL in predicting the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with controlled and uncontrolled type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Methods The study was done observationally with cross sectional design. A total of 80 patients, consisted of 40 controlled and 40 uncontrolled T2DM. The serum triglyceride (TG), HDL-C, Ox-LDL, Lp-PLA2 were examined in their relationship with T2DM risk. AIP is a ratio calculated as log (TG/HDL-C). Results AIP and ratio of Ox-LDL/HDL were significantly higher in uncontrolled than controlled T2DM (0.72 + 0.13 vs 0.47 ± 0.22, p < 0.001) and (1738.8 ± 625.5 vs 1418 ± 535.3, p = 0.02), but no significant difference was found in ratio of Lp-PLA2/HDL (5.09 ± 2.17 vs 5.95 ± 3.11, p = 0.16). Conclusion AIP and ratio of Ox-LDL/HDL value were significantly higher in un ontrolled than in controlled T2DM. These parameters may be beneficial in predicting the risk of atherosclerosis in diabetic patients. © 2010, Faculty of Medicine, Universitas Indonesia. All rights reserved.
Hypolipidemic effect of the polysaccharide from Pholiota nameko; Objective: This study was conducted to investigate the hypolipidemic effect of the polysaccharide isolated from Pholiota nameko (PNPS-1). Methods: Hyperlipidemic Wistar rats were treated with PNPS-1 (20, 40, and 60mg/kg orally). Results: Treatment of hyperlipidemic Wistar rats with PNPS-1 led not only to significant decreases in very low-density lipoprotein/low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-48.98% and -21.54%, 40 and 60mg/kg), triacylglycerol (-19.70%, -17.17%, -32.32%), phospholipids (-9.90%, -19.80%, -27.08%), and consequently the atherogenic index (23.61%, 70.42%, 82.85%) and a increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (69.01% and 73.35%, 40 and 60mg/kg) in serum, but also to significant decreases in total lipids (-10.24% and -33.16%, 40 and 60mg/kg), total cholesterol (-24.22%, -34.26%, -55.02%), triacylglycerol (-22.53% and -38.50%, 40 and 60mg/kg), and phospholipids (-27.41%, 60mg/kg) in the liver. Further, PNPS-1 significantly suppressed lipid peroxidation by decreasing malondialdehyde and increasing antioxidant enzymes in serum (malondialdehyde, 9.94%, -22.22%, -32.75%; superoxide dismutase, 37.26%, 101%, 114%; catalase, 32.2%, 30.02%, 36.74%; glutathione peroxidase, 31.30%, 35.56%, 52.34%) of the 20-, 40-, and 60-mg/kg PNPS-1 groups and in the liver (malondialdehyde, -32.26%, -47.85%; catalase, 97%, 117%; glutathione peroxidase, 70.70%, 78.03%) in the 40- and 60-mg/kg PNPS-1 groups (superoxide dismutase, 24.35%, 67.49%, 234%). PNPS-1 was also effective in lowering body weight and some visceral weights (liver, heart, and kidney) in treated rats, except for the lung. PNPS-1 also ameliorated the pathologic changes in coronary arteries of hyperlipidemic rats. Conclusion: These results suggested that PNPS-1 significantly suppresses the development of hyperlipidemia and might be used as a potential therapeutic agent for hyperlipidemia. © 2010.
Plasma concentration of apolipoprotein E in intermediate-sized remnant-like lipoproteins in normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic subjects; Triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) remnants have been strongly implicated in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. To further investigate plasma remnant lipoprotein metabolism, we have determined the plasma concentration of apolipoprotein (apo) E (by polyclonal enzyme-linked immunoassay) in remnant-like lipoproteins, isolated by automated gel filtration chromatography as a fraction intermediate in size between VLDL and HDL. In normolipidemic subjects (n = 12), 1.2±0.1 mg/dL (33±2%, mean±SE) of total plasma apoE was associated with this fraction (termed ISL apoE). In hypercholesterolemic (type III, n=12), hypertriglyceridemic (type IV, n=12), and mixed hyperlipidemic (type IIb, n=12) subjects, mean ISL apoE concentrations were 2.1±0.2, 2.5±0.2, and 3.8±0.4 mg/dL, respectively (P<.001 versus normal values) (45±2%, 32±2%, and 44±2% of total). ISL apoE was 8.7±1.4 mg/dL (42±3%) in type III dyslipidemic subjects (apoE2/2, n=8). ISL apoE was positively correlated with plasma triglyceride (r-.41, P<.01), and at any given level of plasma triglyceride, subjects with an apoE2/2 and apoE3/2 phenotype tended to have a higher concentration of ISL apoE (P<.01) than apoE3/3 or E4/3 individuals, ISL apoE was also correlated (P<.001) with total plasma cholesterol (r=.66), TRL cholesterol (r=.49), TRL apoE (r=.47), LDL apoB (r=.42), and LDL+HDL triglyceride (r=.74). These results suggest that (1) a significant proportion of plasma apoE resides within an intermediate-sized remnant-like lipoprotein fraction in both normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic subjects; (2) plasma remnant lipoprotein accumulation is associated with an elevation in ISL apoE concentration; and (3) ISL apoE concentration is significantly correlated with various proatherogenic lipid parameters and may itself be a potentially important atherogenic index.
Peanut consumption and cardiovascular risk; Objective We evaluated the effects of peanut consumption on lipid profiles, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and CHD risk in hypercholesterolaemic men.Design Randomised crossover clinical trial.Setting Participants were randomly assigned to two groups. They were asked to consume peanut supplements (about 77 g) with their habitual diet for 4 weeks.Subjects Fifty-four hypercholesterolaemic men with total cholesterol (TC) concentrations between 200 and 350 mg/dl.Results Compared with the habitual diet, peanut supplementation of the habitual diet significantly reduced TC/HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (mean 1 (se 03) P = 0001) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C)/HDL-C ratio (mean 07 (se 02); P = 0001). Peanut consumption increased HDL-C (mean 61 (se 15) mg/dl; P < 0001) and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (mean 12 (se 06) U/mL P = 004). In addition, peanut consumption significantly reduced the AIP (mean 01 (se 003) P = 001) and CHD estimated risk over 10 years based on systolic and diastolic blood pressures (mean 14 % (se 05 %) P = 0004 and mean 22 % (se 05 %) P < 0001, respectively).Conclusions Short-term peanut consumption might improve lipid profiles, the AIP and CHD risk in free-living hypercholesterolaemic men. © 2009 The Authors.
HDL-cholesterol as a marker of coronary heart disease risk: The Québec cardiovascular study; Background: Primary as well as secondary prevention trials have shown the relevance of lowering LDL-cholesterol to reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. However, although the association between LDL-cholesterol and CHD is well recognized, there is a considerable overlap in the distribution of plasma LDL-cholesterol levels between CHD patients and healthy subjects. The objective of the present review article is to use data from the Québec cardiovascular study to demonstrate that in men, a low HDL-cholesterol may be even more of a risk factor and a target for therapy than a high LDL-cholesterol. Methods and results: Results of the Québec cardiovascular study, a prospective study of 2103 middle-aged men followed for a period of 5 years, have confirmed results of previous studies in showing that plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was an independent predictor of a first ischemic heart disease (IHD) event which included typical effort angina, coronary insufficiency, nonfatal myocardial infarction and coronary death. In addition, a reduced plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was found to have a greater impact than raised LDL-cholesterol on the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio), this ratio being the best variable of the traditional lipid profile for the prediction of IHD events in the Québec cardiovascular study. However, a low HDL-cholesterol concentration is not often observed as an isolated disorder but also includes hypertriglyceridemia, elevated apo B concentration, and an increased proportion of small, dense LDL particles. These abnormalities are features of an insulin resistant-hyperinsulinemic state resulting from abdominal obesity. Conclusions: It is therefore recommended that we need to go beyond LDL-cholesterol measurement lowering therapy for the optimal management of CHD risk. Raising plasma HDL-cholesterol through weight loss and a healthy diet, by an increased physical activity and, if required, by proper pharmacotherapy is therefore a legitimate therapeutic target for the optimal prevention of CHD in a large proportion of high risk patients. © 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Positive association of adiponectin with soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule sVCAM-1 levels in patients with vascular disease or dyslipidemia; The aim of our study was to evaluate the relationship of adiponectin to soluble forms of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) in patients with cardiovascular disease or dyslipidemia. Two hundred and sixty-four patients (134 men/130 women, mean age 43.8 ± 14.8/46.0 ± 14.9 years) of Lipid Center, University Hospital Olomouc, off hypolipidemic therapy for at least 6 weeks, participated in the study. In multiple regression analysis, adiponectin was independently positively associated with serum HDL-cholesterol (p < 0.0001) and sVCAM-1 (p < 0.0001), female gender (p < 0.0001) and negatively with hs-CRP (p = 0.014). Serum concentration of adiponectin and sICAM-1 did not correlate but sICAM-1 was independently, positively associated with sVCAM-1 (p < 0.0001) and negatively with markers of insulin resistance and inflammation, namely atherogenic index log[triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol] (p < 0.0001), hs-CRP (p < 0.001) and HOMA (p < 0.05). Positive association of adiponectin with HDL-C and negative association with hs-CRP indicate anti-atherogenic properties of adiponectin. The finding of the positive association of adiponectin with sVCAM-1 in patients at risk is unexpected. We hypothesize that adiponectin may be involved (directly or indirectly) in shedding of ectodomains of VCAM-1 from endothelial surface and in this way down-regulates their effects. This process may be protective in the initial stages of atherosclerosis. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of risk factors for coronary heart disease in healthy medical staff after lifestyle modification: A before-after study; OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to determine the prevalence of risk factors for coronary heart disease and the risk of coronary heart disease events before and after the introduction of healthy lifestyle changes among a group of medical university staff. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 98 medical university staff participated in this before-after study. Their height, weight, blood pressure, waist-hip circumference, level of physical activity, smoking/non-smoking status, fasting blood sugar, total cholesterol, and levels of triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein were ascertained before the study. The distribution of risk factors (triglycerides/high-density lipoproteins) and the atherogenic index (low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein) were determined, as well. Three months after the intervention, all these factors were determined again in 86 of the subjects. Data entry and analysis were done on SPSS software. The mean differences in the systolic and diastolic blood pressure, waist circumference, waist circumference/hip circumference ratio, fasting blood sugar, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein before and after the intervention were statistically significant (p < 0.05). The mean differences in weight, body mass index, hip circumference, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein and risk of coronary heart disease events five and ten years after the intervention were not statistically significant (p < 0.05). The atherogenic index of the participants showed that 43.3% of the subjects were in a low-risk situation. Only 29.6% of participants had no risk of coronary heart disease.
An interpretive history of the cholesterol controversy: Part I; This is the first of a series of reviews of the controversy that swirled around the "lipid hypothesis" of atherosclerosis for so many years. Today, in the era of the statins, there is no longer any doubt about the value of decreasing blood cholesterol levels. In fact, "the lower the better" is the position of many clinicians. However, getting to this point has been a long uphill battle marked by heated debate and sometimes violent disagreement. The history of this controversy is worth telling for its own sake and because remembering it may help us avoid similar mistakes in the future.
Blood screening of glucose and lipid disorders as coronary atherosclerosis risks factors in French adolescents 16 to 19-20 years old; A screening of fasting blood glucose and lipids disorders, presumely linked to premature atherosclerosis namely affecting Coronary arteries, has been performed among 599 adolescents of both sexes with the goal of establishing the actual prevalence of these disorders in French population recruited through different areas of the country. All of them were between ages of 16 and 19-20 years old, and invited to give, in total gratuity, their blood samples to private and accreditable laboratories close to their living habitation. After 262 exclusions due to either previous screening not signaled before or present use of contraceptive pill in girls, only 202 boys and 135 girls remained eligible for such a prevalence study. Using plasma enzymatic dosages of CT, HDL C, (calculated) LDLC, TG, and blood glucose, cut off points for each of these parameters, were analysed as well as calculated international index of CT/HDLC and CT minus HDLC. But the first one index was shown the best tool for the final estimation of the frequency of lipid disorders, which requires primary prevention. Indeed, despite of a rather high frequency of overlaps of CT and LDLC respectively found at 16.3 and 22.5% for boys, and 27.3 and 27.5% for girls, the still higher increase of frequency of HDL C at 31% for boys and 28.1% for girls has shown a very significant compensation of these previous increases. In such a way as the authentic prevalence of atherogenic lipid disorders is found reduced in boys to 8.4% and in girls to 7.4% for CT/HDLC ≥ 4.5 ratio, and to 5.4% in boys and 5.2% in girls for CT less HDLC. A Familial Dominant Hypercholesterolemia was discovered only two times in two girls 16 years old. Other abnormal lipid profiles were rather those of Mixed H., type IV, chiefly mild Hypercholesterolemia, and some rare cases of HypoHDLemia. The only greater linked cardiovascular risk factor was direct parental C.V. heredity, round 30% among lipid disorders. Obesity remained rare, as well as Metabolic Syndrome in the present recruitment. Contraceptive pill increases significantly all lipid parameters and atherogenic index: chiefly CT minus HDLC which reaches almost the double of frequency (15%) versus that of girls without pill. But 53% of boys with proatherogenic lipid disorders are smokers, while only 10% of these dyslipidemic girls smoke. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Importance of HDL cholesterol determination in the evaluation of coronary risk in clinical practice; OBJECTIVE. To validate to what extent the isolated determination of total Cholesterol (TC) is effective when seeking to predict coronary risk. DESIGN. An observational crossover study of the analytic determinations of the clinics which systematically request TC and HDL-Cholesterol (HDL)--case-finding method. SETTING. Health Centre. PARTICIPANTS. 631 analytic determinations, with samples from people who attended a Health Centre between May and November 1992, were studied. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS. As proof of certainty the Atherogenic Index (AI) was used for the relative risks (RR) of suffering a coronary event in line with the Framingham study. The confidence limits (CL) were calculated to 95% in order to quantify random error and permit comparison. On varying the cut-off points of TC the indicators changed, being more sensitive (S) and less specific (E) with the lower figures: 180 mg/dl, RR > 1, S = 97.5% (CL: 100-94.7) and E = 30.5% (36.8-24.2); RR > 2, S = 100%, E = 22.1% (26.9-17.3) and RR > 3, S = 100%, E = 20.8% (25.3-16.3). As values of TC increase, S diminishes and E increases: 250 mg/dl, RR > 1, S = 48.3% (57.2-39.4), E = 87.2% (91.8-82.6); RR > 2, S = 58.6% (76.5-40.7), E = 77.2% (82-72.4) and RR > 3, S = 63.6% (92-35.2), E = 75.3% (80.1-70.5). CONCLUSIONS. HDL must be determined if TC is -200 mg/dl. If everyone with RR > 2 is to be detected, HDL-cholesterol from TC > or = 180 mg/dl must be measured.
A novel concept to preserve the beneficial effects of hormone replacement therapy in bilaterally female ovariectomized rats: Role of lovastatin therapy; Estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) is claimed to reduce cardiovascular mortality by about 50% in postmenopausal women. This improvement is caused by favorable changes in lipid and lipoproteins metabolism, however, it also increases the incidence of the endometrial hyperplasia. Addition of progestin to ERT, referred to as hormone replacement therapy (HRT), has been shown to successively reduce this risk to the endometrium. Unfortunately, it has an adverse effect on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC) concentration, thus compromising the benefits of ERT. Therefore the issue here whether HRT given alone and/or concomitantly with 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors (lovastatin) could exert any significant additional favorable effect on the lipid profile in bilaterally ovariectomized female rats. Sixty female Wistar rats were ovariectomized and treated with ERT (0.625 mg kg-1 estradiol, E2, IM every 2 weeks), HRT (estradiol plus progesterone, E2 + P, 0.625 mg kg-1 estradiol and 5 mg progesterone kg-1 respectively, IM every 2 weeks), and lovastatin (20 mg kg-1 day-1 orally) plus HRT (L + HRT) for 6 weeks. Blood aliquots were collected for serum and plasma separation. Serum vitamin E and plasma levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), nitric oxide (NO), lipid profile, and the susceptibility of non-HDLC to oxidation were determined. Moreover, thoracic aortas were dissected and directed for measurement of its lipid peroxide and NO contents. Treatment of ovariectomized rats with HRT showed a significant decrease (P < 0.0001) in HDLC concentration compared to the group treated alone with ERT and increase (P < 0.0001) in CRP levels compared to ovariectomized rats. HDLC and CRP are two powerful and significant predictors for increased cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women. Addition of lovastatin as a complementary therapy to HRT revealed a significant 27% increment in HDLC and 48% decrement in CRP concentrations. Moreover, it significantly increased vitamin E, each of plasma and tissue content of NO and decreased atherogenic indexes (TC/HDLC, LDLC/HDLC), aortic lipid peroxide and susceptibility of non-HDLC to oxidation. In conclusion, this current study demonstrated that lovastatin together with continuous combined HRT seems to be more effective in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease not only due to lipid lowering properties but also related to several other additive effects such as modification of endothelial function and inflammatory responses. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd.
Low cardiovascular risks in the middle aged males and females excreting greater 24-hour urinary taurine and magnesium in 41 WHO-CARDIAC study populations in the world; Background. Since taurine (T) administration was proven to decrease blood pressure (BP) and stroke mortality in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertension rates (SHRSP) in the 1980s and our WHO-coordinated CARDIAC (Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison) Study demonstrated that among 5 diet-related factors, namely total cholesterol (T-Cho), body mass index (BMI), sodium (Na), magnesium (M), and T to creatinine (Cr) ratio in 24-hour urine (24U), both T/Cr and M/Cr were inversely related to coronary heart disease mortalities in males and females and T/Cr was inversely related to stroke mortalities in males and females. We further analyzed the associations of individual T/Cr and M/Cr levels to cardiovascular risks in the present study. Method. From WHO-CARDIAC Study populations, 61 populations of 25 countries in the world, Japanese populations with obviously higher 24U T excretion because of their common fish eating custom and the other populations in which both data of T and M were not available were excluded and the data of 3960 individuals from 41 WHO-CARDIAC Study populations were used for the following analyses. Results. The means of 24U T/Cr and M/Cr ratios in total individual data were 639.4 and 82.8, respectively. The average of BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), T-Cho and atherogenic index (AI) in the individuals with more than the means of T/Cr or M/Cr were significantly lower than those of individuals with less than the means. The CARDIAC Study participants were divided into the following 4 groups by these means: A (T/Cr and M/Cr mean), B (T/Cr mean, M/Cr < mean), C (T/Cr < mean, M/Cr mean), D (T/Cr and M/Cr < mean). The group A showed significantly lower values compared with the group D in BMI, SBP, DBP, T-Cho, and AI. Conclusions. Cardiovascular risks were proven to be highly significantly lower in individuals who were excreting both 24U T and M, more than the averages despite differences in ethnicity and genetic background. Since T and M are biomarkers for seafood, vegetables, soy, nuts, milk, etc., dietary custom to eat these food sources could be recommended for cardiovascular disease prevention. © 2010 Yamori et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Is evaluation of complex polymorphism helpful in the assessment of prognosis after percutaneous coronary intervention. A prospective study; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a complex disorder accounting for the majority of cardiovascular deaths and morbidity. It is believed that genetic factors explain part of the excessive risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Aim: To evaluate the influence on long-term prognosis of some genetic polymorphisms affecting renin-angiotensin system, inflammatory response, beta-2 adrenergic receptor, nitric oxide and platelets activity in patients with stable CAD undergoing routine PCI. Methods: The study population consisted of 110 consecutive male patients with stable angina undergoing elective, single-vessel PCI. Genotyping was performed by polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism-based techniques. Follow-up data were obtained by postal questionnaires regarding survival, myocardial infarction and revascularisation procedures. The control group consisted of 78 healthy males. Results: Compared to controls, the distribution of polymorphisms among patients differed with regard to interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and CD14 variants. Patients who had PCI during follow-up in comparison with the remaining patients had a similar genetic profile, but higher triglycerides (1.9 vs 1.5 mmol/L, p = 0.01) and atherogenic index (3.8% vs 3.1%, p = 0.03) and lower percentage of HDL (21.8% vs 25.0%, p = 0.02). Among subjects with any revascularisation procedures, a similar clinical profile was observed. However, they differed from those without any procedures regarding the distribution of angiotensinogen M235T variants (MM%/TM%/TT%) 28%/64%/8% vs 19%/50%/31%, p = 0.048. Stratification for myocardial infarction showed association with selectin E variants (AA%/AC%/CC%) 57.1%/28.6%/14.3% vs 78.8%/21.2%/0%, p = 0.055 and higher triglycerides (2.11 vs 1.57 mmol/L, p = 0.055). Conclusions: Although we cannot exclude the role of polymorphism in angiotensinogen and selectin E genes, the prognosis of patients post-PCI in our study was mainly influenced by risk factors related to lipid metabolisms. Copyright © Polskie Towarzystwo Kardiologiczne.
Pharmacological action of Mentha piperita on lipid profile in fructose-fed rats; Cardiovascular diseases with an incidence of approximately 50% are the main causes of death in most advanced countries and an increasing trend in the developing world as well. The World Health Organization estimates that 12 million people per year worldwide die from cardiovascular diseases. Cardiovascular diseases are becoming an increasing problem worldwide and hypercholesterolemia has been correlated for coronary heart diseases. Nearly all lipoproteins are involved in this process including cholesterol carried by very low density lipoproteins (VLDL), remnant lipoproteins and low density lipoproteins (LDL). Currently, available hypolipidemic drugs have been associated with the number of side effects. Herbal treatment for hyperlipidemia poses no side effects and is relatively cheap and locally available. In view of this, the present study was carried out to investigate the effect of Menthe piperita on serum lipid levels of albino rats. Mentha piperita aqueous extract (100 mg/Kg, 250 mg/Kg p.o. daily) was fed for 3 weeks on fructose-fed rats and the levels of glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, and atherogenic index was measured. Twenty-four male Sprague Dawley rats were divided into four groups (6 per group). The results of present study indicate that Mentha piperita had significant beneficial effects against fructose-induced hyperlipidemia and showed good antioxidant activity. The aqueous extract of the plant produced a significant decrease (p < 0.05) in elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein and atherogenic index and also increased the high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and HDL-ratio without affecting serum insulin levels in fructose-fed rats. © 2011 by School of Pharmacy.
Coronary disease prediction using a new atherogenic index; This report demonstrates the utilization of a new serum factor, Toxicity Preventing Activity (TxPA) in the diagnosis of coronary disease prone individuals. Our laboratory has recently identified TxPA, which offsets the toxicity of very low density lipoproteins (VLDL) upon arterial cells in vitro. In the present study, we measured TxPA activity and serum lipoprotein levels in 73 individuals undergoing coronary angiography. Serum from control subjects demonstrated 270% more TxPA than aged matched individuals with angiographically demonstrable coronary disease (CHD). When TxPA was combined with serum lipoprotein values, a new atherogenic index was generated which further distinguished these individuals with CHD from non-angiographed controls. These results demonstrate that TxPA is a new protective factor in coronary artery disease, and that the new atherogenic index provides for the first time an accurate classification of individuals with coronary artery disease. © 1987.
Effects of smoking on lipid parameters during therapeutic weight loss; Evaluation of the obesity- and smoking-related atherogenic risk in an obese population, was studied by retrospectively reporting the 6-month dietary effect on metabolic lipoprotein parameters. In a non-smoker group, a weight reduction programme exhibits a marked improvement (P < 0.05) of HDL and LDL cholesterol and atherogenic index. Smoking during successful, therapeutic weight reduction inhibits this advantageous improvement of lipid parameters, especially in women. In regard to the lipoprotein related vascular risk, obesity treatment without modifying smoking habits is less advantageous. © 1986.
Risk Factors in Normolipidemic Male Patients with Coronary Artery Disease in Japanese; We examined serum lipids, lipoproteins, apolipoproteins (Apo), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), C4b-binding protein (C4bp) and lathosterol in 22 normolipidemic (serum total cholesterol < 220 mg/dl and serum triglycerides < 150 mg/dl) male patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and 33 normal male subjects. Many of the patients in the CAD group with normal total cholesterol (T-Ch) and triglycerides (TG) had higher TG, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-Ch, β-lipoprotein (Lipo) and Apo B values and lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-Ch, Apo A-I and Apo A-II values than those of the control group. Differences were also observed in the β-Lipo/HDL-Ch, Apo B/Apo A-I, and HDL-Ch ratios and the atherogenic index [A.I. = (T-Ch-HDL-Ch)/HDL-Ch], all of which are generally accepted as indices for atherosclerosis. Even in CAD patients with normolipidemia, the HDL-Ch/T-Ch ratio and A.I. seemed to be important risk factors. In addition, Lp(a) and lathosterol, an accepted indicator of whole-body cholesterol synthesis, were higher in the CAD group. The CAD group also appeared to have a higher C4bp value, suggesting that this parameter is correlated with other lipids. © 1992, The Japanese Circulation Society. All rights reserved.
Clinical Estimation of Coronary Risk Factors with Special Reference to Coronary Arteriographic Findings; The relationship between coronary risk factors and the severity of coronary artery stenosis (coronary score: CS) was estimated in 225 male subjects (aged 29—82 years, median 60 years old) who had undergone coronary arteriography for suspected coronary heart disease. CS was positively related to age, and levels of fasting blood sugar, uric acid, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B. Alcohol consumption, apolipoprotein AI and All levels were inversely correlated to CS. Although, the level of CS was significantly higher in diabetics and hypertensives than in non-diabetics and non-hypertensives, the difference of CS level between diabetics and non-diabetics was more remarkable than that between hypertensives and non-hypertensives. Furthermore the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI was the most sensitive index of coronary artery stenosis rather than conventional atherogenic indices such as (TC—HDL-C)/ HDL-C. Correlation between CS and the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI was positively and closely associated with aging, and this positive relationship was observed even in non-drinkers, heavier drinkers, nondiabetics and non-hypertensives. The reweighted least squares based on the least median of squares regression analysis indicated that about 27% of the variation in CS could be accounted for by age, complication of diabetes mellitus, complication of hypertension and the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI. These results indicate that the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI is a more sensitive parameter of the severity of coronary artery stenosis than any other atherogenic index. Further, aging, complication of diabetes mellitus, complication of hypertension and an increased level of the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI were responsible factors for the severity of coronary arterio-sclerosis in male subjects. © 1990, The Japan Geriatrics Society. All rights reserved.
The evaluation of lipoprotein as a screening test for coronary heart disease; Up to now there is no screening test suitable for coronary heart disease (CHD) among population. 38 cases of CHD diagnosed by electrocardiographic bicycle exercise and 71 cases with negative results as controls were studied concurrently to evaluate the screening test of CHD. According to the significant difference between the two groups, the ratio of TC/HDL-C.HDL-C/TC.LDL-C/HDL-C.HDL2-C/HDL3-C were selected to evaluate their validity and predictivity etc, on several cutoff vale respectively. TC/HDL-C and HDL2-C/HDL3-C were used in parallel to promote the detective value of CHD to 92%. TC/HDL-C was only selected in stepwise regression formula, so the positive likelihood of five-grade value of TC/HDL-C was calculated and different prior-test probability was estimated to predict the post-test probability of CHD. As a result cutoff value 3.2 of TC/HDL-C could be determined as atherogenic index in chinese population.
α-Lipoprotein cholesterol and its variability in patients with ischemic heart disease; The authors conducted a repeated examination of 150 patients suffering from ischemic heart disease with normolipidemia types IIa, IIb and IV hyperlipoproteinemia. The content of α-cholesterol in these patients tended to fluctuate, as did the content of other blood lipid fraction. Its fluctuations were most marked in types IIb an IV hyperlipoproteinemia. Comparison of the α-cholesterol content in patients with ischemic heart disease with the results of population tests confirmed the information on its lower level in patients. A still greater difference between patients and healthy individuals was revealed when the percentage of total cholesterol for which α-lipoproteins accounted and the value of the cholesterol atherogenic index were compared. Reduced concentration of α-cholesterol was encountered not only in hyperlipoproteinemia, but also in normolipidemia. The level of α-cholesterol had a negative correlative connection with the content of triglyericides in the blood.
Studies on Xanthomatosis—Occurence of Coronary Artery Disease; Xanthoma is a common complication of familial hypercholesterolemia and has been considered to be associated with atherosclerotic state, especially coronary heart disease. (CAD) Although the patients with xanthoma investigated in this study had also high frequency of occurence of coronary artery disease in general agreement with the previous reports, some patients were not associated with coronary artery disease even if their xanthoma were quite severe. The purpose of this study is to define the relationship between the type of xanthoma or lipoprotein abnormalities and prevalence of coronary artery disease, and further to clarify the major factor of the development of atherosclerosis. 42 patients with xanthoma in our clinic were devided into 4 groups according to patterns of xanthoma: Group(1): Xanthelasma atone Group(2): Achilles tendon xanthoma alone Group(3): Achilles tendon xanthoma with xanthelasma Group (4): Tuberous xanthoma and/or cutaneous xanthoma The levels of lipids and lipoproteins in serum of each groups were detected and comparired between each other. Patients in group(1) had lower levels of cholesterol (chol.) and lower frequency of CAD than those of group(2),(3) and (4). Group(2),(3) and (4) had similar frequencies of CAD which was more than 50%. HDL-chol. was significantly lower levels in patients with CAD than in those without CAD, but there were no significant differences in levels of chol. and triglyceride between those with CAD and without CAD. The lower the HDL-chol. levels, the higher the frequencies of CAD, on the contrary, there were no CAD patients with HDL-chol. level for more than 50 mg/dl. The higher Atherogenic Index (VLDL+LDL/HDL), the higher frequency of CAD. Achilles tendon was significantly thicker in patients with CAD than in those without CAD, and the thicker Achilles tendon the patients had, the higher freequency of CAD they had. © 1981, The Japan Geriatrics Society. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol electrophoresis in 1184 male recruits, 20 years old, and relation of the atherogenic index (cholesterol/HDL-cholest) to other risk factors of coronary heart disease; Cholesterol electrophoresis was made on 1184 male, healthy recruits and the atherogenic index was calculated (mean value 2.968 ± 0.802). The relationship between risk ratio and other risk factors of coronary artery disease was detected. Statisticaly high significance was found there with weight/height ratio (P<0.01), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P<0.01), cholesterol values (P<0.01) and smoking status (P<0.05). The values of the index showed only a slight variation in different geographic areas within the country.
High density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in the Japanese; High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels were measured in Japanese and Western residents in Japan with the heparin-MnCl2 precipitation method. The mean HDL cholesterol level (± SD) in healthy Japanese was 56 ± 16 mg/dl for men and 61 ± 15 mg/dl for women. Females had significantly higher HDL cholesterol concentrations than males. HDL cholesterol showed a negative correlation with the obesity index and the plasma triglyceride level, and a positive correlation with alcohol intake. The mean HDL cholesterol level was significantly lower in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) and cerebral infarction than in controls. The estimated ratio (total cholesterol-HDL cholesterol)/HDL cholesterol, referred to as the Atherogenic Index, was significantly higher in these patients. HDL cholesterol levels were found to be relatively high in the Japanese compared with those reported for Western populations. HDL cholesterol levels in cord blood from Japanese neonates were found to be similar to those reported for Western neonates. HDL cholesterol levels of Western residents in Japan were nearly the same as those of the Japanese. It was suggested that the relatively high level of HDL cholesterol in the Japanese might be related to the lower incidence of CHD in Japan than in the West, and that the difference in HDL cholesterol level between Japanese and Western populations seems related to environmental factors. © 1980.
Effects of anti-atherosclerosis diet containing omega 3 fatty acids on the lipid spectrum of blood and cell membranes in patients with ischemic heart disease and essential hypertension; A total of 27 patients received an anti-atherosclerotic diet containing fatty fish Greenland halibut, 100 g/day. Significant reduction of the total cholesterol level, cholesterol levels of very low and low density proteins, triglycerides, atherogenic index, elevation of blood fibrinolytic activity in the presence of lowered levels of arachidonic acid and an increased relative content of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were recorded in membranes of red blood cells and platelets. The results of the investigations conducted have shown that even rather low doses of omega 3 PUFA introduced in the presence of the hypolipidemic diet are conductive to the alimentary correction of the blood serum lipid spectrum of the fatty-acid content in cellular membrane structural lipids.
Influence of drugs on the TXA2/PGI2 balance and on the atherogenic index in myocardial ischemia in dogs; The effect of drugs on eicosanoid production and on the development of atherogenic index was investigated in canine myocardial ischemia. Iloprost, verapamil, the trapidil derivative AR 12463 or 0.9% NaCl solution were administered 60 min after coronary artery ligation in anaesthetized dogs. Both iloprost and AR 12463 reduced the thromboxane A2/prostacyclin (TXA2/PGI2) ratio in coronary sinus plasma in comparison to controls. The atherogenic index was significantly decreased in the iloprost as well as in the AR 12463-treated group in comparison to the control group. Verapamil had no influence on the investigated parameters.
Experience with the risk factor-based prevention of ischemic heart disease at a Pyatigorsk health resort; Methods and efficacy of correction of kinesitherapy, body mass and cholesterolemia in CHD prevention were studied in 162 patients with pathology of the locomotor system combined with obesity in the Pyatigorsk health resort area. Various methods of exercise therapy and special diets (low-caloric and subcaloric--6694-10460 kJ) combined with methods of balneotherapy were used. Favorable shifts in the clinical status of patients, an increase in their physical activity 2-fold and more, a decrease in excess body mass, a decrease in the blood level of total cholesterol (in 78%), an increase in alpha-lipoprotein cholesterol (65%), and a decrease in cholesterol atherogenic index (in all patients with initial pathology) were noted.
Endocrinology: Abdominal fat: Risk factor for cardiovascular disease in the elderly diabetic patient; Because distribution of fat deposits in the body may be a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than degree of obesity alone, some risk factors for atherosclerosis were evaluated in men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Abdominal adiposity was related to parameters of metabolic control, lipids, and vascular complications. In groups with abdominal obesity, the atherogenic index was significantly increased, and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly decreased in patients with upper-body fat distribution. The frequency of peripheral vascular disease, coronary ischemic heart disease, and hypertension was most prominent in diabetic patients with an abdominal-fat mass distribution. An excess of abdominal fat, even without manifest obesity, is associated with cardiovascular complications, and blood lipid levels play an important role in atherogenesis.
Body fat mass distribution. Influence on metabolic and atherosclerotic parameters in non-insulin dependent diabetics and obese subjects with and without impaired glucose tolerance. Influence of weight reduction.; Due to the recent knowledge that the distribution of fat deposits would be a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than the degree of obesity, some risk factors for atherosclerosis were evaluated in middle age type II male diabetics and in obese subjects with and without glucose intolerance. In non-insulin dependent diabetes, abdominal adiposity reflected by the waist/hip-circumference (WHR) was related to parameters of metabolic control, lipid parameters, blood rheology, insulin status, hypertension and known vascular complications in three different groups. In the groups with abdominal obesity, the mean annual HbA1 is significantly (p less than 0.01) higher than the group without an abdominal fat mass distribution. Atherogenic index is significantly increased in the group with the highest WHR. HDL-cholesterol levels are significantly decreased in both groups with upper body fat distribution. A highly significant (p less than 0.001) correlation was present between WHR and HDL-cholesterol and WHR and total/HDL-cholesterol ratio; this significant correlation remains after correction for body mass index. Whole blood and plasma viscosity and fibrinogen levels are significantly (p less than 0.05) increased in diabetics with upper body fat accumulation and could be compared to patients with proven coronary ischemic heart disease. The frequency of peripheral vascular disease, coronary ischemic heart disease and hypertension is most prominent in diabetics with an abdominal fat mass distribution. Systolic blood pressure even seems to be increased in non-obese diabetics with the highest WHR. A correlation could be found between WHR and both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. When corrected for body mass index the same significant correlation between WHR and blood pressure remained. Both fasting and postprandial insulin and C-peptide values may be the link between abdominal fat deposits and all metabolic disturbances. These results confirm the negative effect of an excess of abdominally located fat cells, even without manifest obesity, on diabetes metabolic control, lipid fractions, hypertension, insulin behaviour, blood rheology and cardiovascular complications. In obese patients with upper body fat accumulation a higher prevalence of glucose intolerance and diabetes is present, in contrast to their counterparts with lower body fat deposit. Both fasting glycemia, insulin and insulin area are significantly (p less than 0.005) increased in the group with the greatest WHR.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Use of enterosorption for correction of dyslipoproteinemias in patients with ischemic heart disease in geriatric practice; Sixty patients with coronary heart disease, stable angina pectoris of functional class II and III and dislipoproteinemia (cholesterol greater than 6.5 mmol/l, triglycerides greater than 2.0 mmol/l, the atherogenic index greater than 3.5) were assigned to two groups. 40 patients received enterosorbent (high-porous, small-spherical fraction of CKH carbon). 20 control subjects were treated with placebo. The patients age ranged from 60 to 74. The treatment course lasted for 4 weeks. Evaluation of the treatment results showed that total cholesterol dropped by 20%, triglycerides by 27%, apoB by 32%, apoB-containing lipoproteins by 20%; there were positive changes in circulation, clinical status (in 60% of cases), exercise tolerance (by 12%). Control patients did not present any noticeable shifts. Thus, enterosorption proved an effective modality of dyslipoproteinemia correction in coronary patients of advanced age.
Cardiovascular risk factors in patients surviving a myocardial infarction; We studied the risk factors of coronary disease in 52 patients (46 male and 6 female) survivors of myocardial infarction (MI). We found that a group of patients under 40 years old had predominant lipid alteration (100%) being hypercholesterolemia (CT greater than or equal to 260 mg/dl), the decrease of HDL-C levels (less than or equal to 35 mg/dl) and the increase of the atherogenic index (CT/HDL-C greater than or equal to 6) being the most frequent. At the same time, we observed an important association between several risk factors, such as tobacco consumption (58.5%), sedentary life (56.1%), lipid alterations (hypercholesterolemia: 46.3%, decrease of HDL-C: 41.4%, increase of atherogenic index: 60.9%) in the group of patients under 40 years old. These data show that the alterations of lipid metabolism are risk factors frequently observed in young patients with ischemic cardiac disease.
Serum Levels of Tocopherol and Their Relationship to Risk Factor of Coronary Heart Disease in University Students; This study assessed the biochemical status of serum α tocopherol (Toc) and lipid in university students (60 males and 51 females) and searched for risk factors of coronary heart disease (CHD). No significant differences were observed between the sexes in total cholesterol (T-C) (170 and 181 mg/100 ml for males and females, respectively), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) (116 and 118 mg/ 100 ml), and phospholipids (PL) (193 and 199 mg/100 ml). The levels of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) were lower in males (54 mg/100 ml) than in females (62 mg/100 ml, p<0.001) and those of triglyceride (TG) were higher (74 and 59 mg/100 ml for males and females, respectively, p<0.01). There were also no significant differences in HDL-C as a percentage of T-C (32 and 35%) and the LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (2.3 and 2.0). Toc level and the Toc/T-C ratio were significantly lower in males (5.16 εg/ml and 3.11 εg/mg, respectively) compared with females (6.15 εg/ml and 3.46 εg/mg, respectively) (p<0.001 for Toc and p<0.05) for Toc/T-C. A direct relationship was found between the T-C level and LDL-C (r = 0.92, p<0.001) and HDL-C (r = 0.40, p<0.001). The atherogenic index, the LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, showed a positive correlation with the T-C level (r = 0.43, p< 0.001) and a negative correlation with the HDL-C level (r=− 0.63, p<0.001). The T-C levels also could be correlated with the levels of Toe (r = 0.37, p< 0.001) and inversely correlated with the Toc/T-C ratio (r= −0.41, p<0.001). The Toc/T-C ratio showed an inverse correlation with the LDL-C/HDL-C (r= − 0.31, p<0.001). These results reveal that the T-C level affects the vitamin E status and that the Toc/T-C ratio can be used to assess trends in CHD risk factors. © 1989, Society for Free Radical Research Japan. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Alcohol Withdrawal on Serum Concentrations of Lp(a), Apolipoproteins A‐1 and B, and Lipids; Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease. The mechanism of the putative protective effect of alcohol intake, however, remains elusive. Recent studies suggest that a ratio of apolipoprotein A‐I/apolipoprotein B and Lp(a) are better indicators of the risk of atherosclerosis than total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein cholesterol. To assess the effect of alcohol on these analytes, we determined the concentration of Lp(a), apolipoprotein A‐I, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and calculated low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol in serum of 12 patients meeting DSM‐III‐R criteria for alcohol dependence at the time of admission for treatment of alcohol withdrawal (before). The analyses were repeated after 4 weeks of supervised abstinence on a locked research unit (after). With abstinence, there was a significant increase in the concentration of Lp(a), the atherogenic index and the ratio of low‐density to high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol but a significant decrease in total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A‐I, and the apolipoprotein A‐I/B ratio. Apolipoprotein B and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol showed no significant changes before and after alcohol abstinence. Thus, decreased Lp(a) and increased high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A‐I may be factors mediating the putative protective effect of alcohol in coronary artery disease. Copyright © 1992, Wiley Blackwell. All rights reserved
The Evalution of the Diagonal Ear Lobe Crease (ELC) as a Atherosclerotic Sign; It has been known that diagonal ear lobe crease (ELC) is a typical sign which appeared in a state of coronaly heart disease and vascular disease. Many studies of the diagonal ear lobe crease have been carried out in the patients with coronary heart disease, AMI and cerebral vascular disease. But as regards healthy subjects, there were few except the report which published by Moncoda et al, 1979. In this time we have investigated whether this ELC would be evaluated as one of the usefull signs of atherosclerosis in 768 subjects (30-87 years, male: 228, female: 539) on Hachijo Island. The relationship between the risk factors of atherosclerosis; obesty, hypertension, ECG abnormalities and abnormal lipid. metabolism also apolipoproteins, were studied respectively. The results obtained were as follows: 1) The frequencies of ELC were significantly higher in male than in female (p<0.01). 2) The frequencies of ELC increased accordingly with aging on both sex. 3) As regards the frequencies of obesity and normal weight subjects in ELC presence group, there were no significant. 4) The frequencies of hypertension involved in ELC presence group were significantly higher than in ELC absence group (p<0.01). 5) The frequencies of abnormal ECG involved in ELC presence group were significantly higher than in ELC absence group (p<0.01). 6) The levels of TC and β-Lp were significantly higher in ELC presence group than in ELC absence group, however, TRG and HDLC had no significance (p<0.05). 7) Atherogenic Index (TC-HDLC/HDLC) in ELC presence group were significantly higher than ELC absence group (p<0.02). 8) The levels of Apo AI, All and Apo AI/B ratio in ELC presence group were significantly lower than in ELC absence group, however, the levels of Apo B, CII, CIII and E and had no significant (p<0.1, p<0.05, p<0.1). The freruencies of abnormal lipids metabolism and hypertension in ELC presence group were significantly higher than in ELC absence group, age and sex matched, however obesity and ECG abnormalities were no significant (p<0.01). 10) The frequencies of the combination risk factors for atherosclerosis (abnomal lipids metabolism, ECG abnormalities and hypertension) in ELC presence group were significantly higher than in ELC absence group (p<0.01). 11) The frequencies of the combination risk factors for atheroselerosis (abnomal lipids metabolism and hypertension) in ELC presence group were significantly higher than in ELC absence group (p<0.05). These observations suggested that there is a positive association between the diagnonal ear lobe crease and atherosclerosis, furthermore the inspection of ELC would be one of the useful clinical procedure for diagnosis of atherosclerosis. © 1987, The Japan Geriatrics Society. All rights reserved.
Relationship of periodic mental stress to serum lipoprotein and cholesterol levels; Blood samples obtained from medical students during an initial period of moderate stress were compared with samples obtained during more stressful examination periods with respect to serum lipoprotein and total serum cholesterol levels. An atherogenic index (Al) was calculated to represent two classes of lipoproteins determined by ultracentrifugation. In one group of 37 students the serum cholesterol level rose from an initial mean value of 191 to one of 235 mg. per 100 ml., and the Al rose from an initial value of 45 to one of 57. Similar results were found in a second group of 13 students. The increase in Al was due to a greater than 50% increase in the lower density lipoprotein fraction. It is suggested that this fraction may be the factor that relates stress to atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. COPYRIGHT, 1959, BY AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION.
The anti-lipidemic effect of Minipress; Prazosin (Minipress) monotherapy was given to 152 patients with essential hypertension for one year in a multi-center study involving 13 hospitals and university clinics. In three centers serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were also determined in 32 patients with hypertension and hyper/dys-lipoproteinemia. As a consequence of Minipress monotherapy significant decreases were found in serum level of cholesterol (after three months and also after one year), triglycerides (after one year), while the serum concentration of HDL-cholesterol increased. Atherogenic index (a ratio of total cholesterol over HDL-cholesterol) was significantly decreased by Minipress. As new data showing a causative correlation between hypertension and hyperlipoproteinemia were published in the literature authors, on the basis of their results, suggest to determine lipid profile in every patient with hypertension. They regard Minipress as the first line drug in young patients with "familial dyslipidemic hypertension". When choosing an antihypertensive drug metabolic side effects should be taken into consideration.
Relationship of body fat distribution pattern to atherogenic risk factors in NIDDM. Preliminary results; Because recent knowledge indicates that the distribution of fat deposits in men may be a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than the degree of obesity alone, some risk factors for atherosclerosis were evaluated in 51 middle-aged men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Abdominal adiposity (waist/hip ratio, WHR) was related to parameters of metabolic control, lipid parameters, and known vascular complications in three different groups. In groups with abdominal obesity, mean annual hemoglobin A1 was significantly (P<.01) higher than in patients without an abdominal fat distribution. Atherogenic index was significantly increased in the group with the highest WHR and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol) levels were significantly decreased in both groups with upper-body fat distribution. The frequency of peripheral vascular disease, coronary ischemic heart disease, and hypertension was most prominent in diabetic subjects with an abdominal fat mass distribution. A highly significant (P<.001) correlation was present between WHR and HDL-chol and WHR and the total-cholesterol/HDL-chol ratio; this significant correlation remains after correction for body mass index. A similar correlation could be found between WHR and systolic and diastolic blood pressures. These results demonstrate an association of excess abdominal fat, even without manifest obesity, with worse diabetes metabolic control, cardiovascular complications, and blood lipid levels actually considered to play an important role in atherogenesis.
Increased frequency of lipoprotein disorders similar to type iii hyperlipoproteinemia in survivors of myocardial infarction in Japan; We have investigated serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoprotein levels in 97 survivors of acute myocardial infarction in order to clarify the characteristics of lipid and lipoprotein disorders in coronary artery disease among Japanese. Although the HDL cholesterol level was lower and the atherogenic index was higher in the myocardial infarction (Ml) group than in the control group, in agreement with previous papers, there was no significant difference in total serum cholesterol level between the MI and the control groups. On the other hand, the triglyceride level was significantly higher in the MI group. The MI group also had higher levels of both cholesterol and triglyceride in the VLDL fraction (d < 1.006) with a statistically significant increase in the ratio of cholesterol to triglyceride compared with the control group. Levels of both lipids in the IDL fraction (1.006 < d < 1.019) were higher in the MI group than in the control group. Lipoprotein analysis with PAG disc electrophoresis revealed a more frequent occurrence of a "midband", which appeared as an additional band between the LDL and VLDL positions, in the MI group than in the control group (Ml: 51% versus control: 25%, P < 0.02). The midband-positive subgroup had a higher ratio of cholesterol to triglyceride in the VLDL fraction and higher levels of both lipids in the IDL fraction. Isoelectric focusing of apo VLDL revealed that the incidence of the suspected apo E-ND (E3/2 or E4/2) constitution, which was determined by a low ratio ( < 1.1) of the peak area of E3 to that of E2, was three times higher in the MI group than in the control group (MI: 25% versus control: 7%). These results show that the prevalence of a kind of dysbetalipoproteinemia similar to type III hyperlipoproteinemia was high among Japanese patients with myocardial infarction. It seems to be characteristic of Japanese cases with coronary artery disease where the incidence of hypercholesterolemia is much lower than in Western countries. © 1984.
Lipid composition of blood sera of elderly and long-lived healthy and sick individuals; Serum cholesterol (SC), HDL SC and triglycerides were measured in 303 senile patients aged 75-89 and 77 long-livers aged over 90. The concentrations obtained were low in healthy long-livers compared to senile subjects. SC, triglycerides and atherogenic index reached the highest values in senile subjects and long-livers with coronary heart disease and abnormal cerebral circulation. Lower levels of HDL SC appeared in the same diseases in senile males and female long-livers against healthy subjects of the relevant age group.
The effect of 7 years of intense exercise training on patients with coronary artery disease; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of long-term exercise training on maximal aerobic exercise capacity, evidence of myocardial ischemia and plasma lipid-lipoprotein concentrations in patients with coronary artery disease. Nine men with coronary artery disease, aged 57 ± 2 years, who had completed 12 months of supervised intense exercise training were restudied after 6 additional years during which they continued to exercise. The first 12 months of training resulted in a 44% increase in maximal oxygen consumption ( VO2max) from 25.0 ± 1.3 to 35.9 ± 1.5 ml kg−1 min−1 (p < 0.001). The VO2max after 6 additional years (total 7 years) of intense training was 36.8 ± 2.4ml·kg−1min−1. Plasma high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration increased from 38 ± 3 to 45 ± 4 mg dl−1 at 12 months and rose further to 53 ± 5 mg.dl−1 at 6 years of follow-up (p < 0.05). The atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio) decreased from 5.8 ± 0.4 to 4.9 ± 0.4 by 12 months (p < 0.01) and to 4.1 ± 0.4 after 6 additional years of training (p < 0.05). Although the maximal heart rate-pressure product was 14% higher after 12 months of training, maximal ST segment depression was significantly less, 0.27 ± 0.06 versus 0.19 ± 0.04 mV (p < 0.05); this improvement was maintained after 6 years of additional training. These data provide evidence that the beneficial effects of a program of intense exercise training can be maintained for long periods in some motivated patients with coronary artery disease who continue to exercise. © 1987, American College of Cardiology Foundation. All rights reserved.
Serum Levels of Tocopherol and Retinol and Their Relation to Triglycerides in Japanese Children Aged 9-12; This study assessed the biochemical status of serum-toco-pherol (Toe), retinol (Ret), and lipids in elementary school children (ages 9-12 years, 38 males and 37 females) and searched for relationships among them. No significant difference was observed between the sexes for total cholesterol (T-C) (165 and 163 mg/100ml for males and females, respectively), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (64 and 62 mg/100 ml), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) (101 mg/100 ml for both groups), or for triglycerides (TG) (79 and 77 mg/100 ml). Therefore, the percentage of HDL-C to T-C (39 and 38%) and the LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (1.67 and 1.68) were about the same for both sexes. Toc and Ret levels of males and females were 5.48 and 5.57 μg/ml and 478 and 449 ng/ml, respectively. The ratios of Toc/TG (7.50 and 7.93 μg/ mg) and Ret/TG (666 and 613 ng/mg) also showed no significant differences. A correlation was found between the T-C level and LDL-C (r = 0.85, p< 0.001) and also between it and the ratio of LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.42, p<0.001). The atherogenic index, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, showed a negative correlation with the HDL-C level (r=-0.73, p< 0.001). The Toe level was positively correlated with the ratio of Toc/TG (r = 0.45, p <C 0.001), and the ratio of Toc/TG was inversely correlated with the TG level (r= -0.80, p<0.001). Serum Ret levels showed a positive correlation with the ratios of Ret/TG (r = 0.63, p< 0.001), and the Ret/TG ratio showed an inverse correlation with the TG level (r = -0.56, p<0.001). The ratios of Toc/TG were positively correlated with the ratios of Ret/ TG (r = 0.56, p<0.001), and these ratios showed a positive correlation with the HDL-C (r = 0.42, p< 0.001; and r = 0.36, p<0.01, respectively). These results reveal that relationships among the risk factors for coronary heart disease are the same in children as in adults and that the TG levels affect the relative nutritional status of vitamins E and A in serum. Thus, the ratios of Toc/TG and Ret/TG may be useful for assessment of hyperlipidemia in children. © 1990, SOCIETY FOR FREE RADICAL RESEARCH JAPAN. All rights reserved.
Study on Lipid and Glucose Metabolism in Patients with Vasospastic Angina; The primary purpose of the present study was to evaluate the role of lipid and glucose metabolism in vasospastic angina. A group of 93 patients in whom the presence of ischemic heart disease was suggested, were classified into the control (C) group, consisting of 30 patients; the coronary artery disease (CAD) group, consisting of 47 patients; and the vasospastic angina (VSA) group, consisting of 16 patients. Among these three groups, age, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI), apolipoproteins and the prevalence of diabetes mellitus were compared. No age difference was seen among the three groups. The TC was the highest in the CAD group, followed by the VSA and C groups. A significant difference in TC was noted between the C and CAD groups and the C and VSA groups. TG levels were higher in the CAD group than in the C and VSA groups, without a significant difference among the three groups. The AI was significantly higher in the CAD group than in the C and VSA groups. No significant difference was noted in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus among the three groups. Apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I) levels were higher in the VSA group than in the C and CAD groups, and the difference between the VSA and CAD groups was significant. Apolipoprotein A-II (apo A-II) levels were significantly higher in the VSA group than in the C and CAD groups. Although no significant difference was demonstrated in HDL-C levels in the present study, apo A-II levels were significantly higher in the VSA group, suggesting the presence of lipid metabolism abnormalities, including qualitative abnormalities of HDL in VSA. © 1989, The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Hypertriglyceridemia—Acute Pancreatitis—Ischemic Heart Disease: A Case Study in a Pair of Monozygotic Twins; ABSTRACT Hyperlipoproteinemia type V, with serum triglyceride concentrations of about 20 mmol/1, was detected in a pair of monozygotic, 40‐year‐old twin brothers. One of them had had recurrent attacks of pancreatitis, the other not. The endocrine and exocrine pancreatic functions were apparently normal, supporting that the pancreatitis was secondary to the hypertriglyceridemia. After successful lipid‐lowering therapy the attacks of abdominal pain disappeared and remained absent during a 13‐year follow‐up period. The other twin died of ischemic heart disease nine years after the discovery of his lipid abnormality. The reduction of his lipid levels had been much less successful. His average “atherogenic index” (the ratio of cholesterol in low density to that in high density lipoproteins) was normal but increased to a very high value if cholesterol in very low density lipoproteins was also included together with the low density ones in the numerator. Lipoprotein particles modified in composition may have contributed to an increased uptake through a scavenger pathway and promoted atherosclerosis. 1987 Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine
Diagnosis of atherosclerosis. I. Correlation between clinical diagnosis, serum cholesterol and low-density lipoproteins, and resting and exercise electrocardiograms; 1. (1) The electrocardiographic findings at rest and after exercise, serum cholesterol, and ultracentrifugal lipoprotein analyses (atherogenic index) have been presented in a series of 560 adult private patients. 2. (2) In normal individuals up to the age of fifty serum cholesterol did not differ significantly between the sexes whereas the atherogenic index was significantly lower in females, thus paralleling the known lower incidence of atherosclerosis in pre-menopausal women. 3. (3) Patients who had experienced a myocardial infarction had significantly elevated lipid levels at all ages. 4. (4) Although the cholesterol and atherogenic index values were usually parallel, when the lipid parameters were divergent the lipoprotein determination was the more accurate of the two as related to the clinical diagnosis. 5. (5) The serum cholesterol and lipoproteins were high in 27 patients in whom peripheral atherosclerotic disease was the presenting illness. 6. (6) In 100 patients with hypertension, the average lipid values were significantly elevated in those individuals who had experienced a coronary or cerebral incident. 7. (7) The lipid measurements correlated directly and significantly with the severity of the electrocardiographic findings at rest and after exercise. 8. (8) The combined application of the various modalities is useful in the earlier diagnosis of atherosclerotic disease, and in the selective application of prophylactic measures. © 1958.
Analyses of Risk Factors of Ischemic Heart Disease in Diabetics Multivariate Analyses; In order to confirm the principal risk factor of ischemic heart disease (IHD) in diabetes, multivariate analyses were performed. ST depression in electrocardiogram (ST-ECG) and 18 other clinical-laboratory findings (sex, age, duration of diabetes, blood pressure, cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, etc.) were measured in 70 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients. ST-ECG findings were divided into five ranges as an index of the severity of IHD, based on the assumption that the degree of ST-ECG would provide a reasonable correlation to the grade of IHD. In partial correlation analysis, the degree of ST-ECG was significantly correlated both to the level of triglyceride (r = 0.455, p<0.001) and to blood pressure (r = 0.392, p <0.01), but not to the other 16 variables. Three selected variables (blood pressure, triglyceride and atherogenic index) were sufficient to provide a satisfactory discrimination between patients with and without IHD. Five selected variables (sex, blood pressure, triglyceride, atherogenic index and weight index) were sufficient for evaluation of regression. These results suggest that the high level of triglyceride and hypertension are essential risk factors of IHD in diabetes. It is noticeable that the high level of triglyceride is one of the independent risk factors of IHD in diabetes; it does not depend on the degree of control of hyperglycemia or on the other variables. © 1983, Tohoku University Medical Press. All rights reserved.
The HELP‐LDL‐apheresis multicentre study, an angiographically assessed trial on the role of LDL‐apheresis in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. II. Final evaluation of the effect of regular treatment on LDL‐cholesterol plasma concentrations and the course of coronary heart disease; Abstract The efficacy of the heparin‐induced extra‐corporeal LDL‐precipitation (HELP)‐apheresis procedure has been studied in an open prospective multicentre trial. After 2 years of regular weekly HELP‐treatment the data from 39 of 51 patients could be evaluated according to the study criteria. Twelve of the initially recruited study patients were omitted from the evaluation either because of premature termination of the treatment or because they did not fulfil the exact guidelines of the study protocol. A mean of 2·831 plasma was regularly treated on average every 7·85 days. The mean pre‐/post‐apheresis LDL‐cholesterol levels decreased from 286/121 mg dl‐1 at the first HELP treatment to 203/77 mg dl‐1 after 1 year and to 205/77 mg dl‐1 after 2 years of regular apheresis; the corresponding values for fibrinogen were 314/144, 246/98 and 250/105 mg dl‐1, respectively. In contrast, the mean pre‐/post‐apheresis HDL‐cholesterol levels rose from 41/38 through 51/44 mg dl‐1 after 1 year to 52/43 mg dl‐1 after 2 years of treatment. The overall result was a normalization of the atherogenic index (LDL‐/HDL‐cholesterol ratio) from 6·9/3·2 to 4·0/1·9. The angiographies from 33 patients obtained before and after 2 years of regular treatment could be evaluated blindly using the cardiovascular angiography analysis system. The mean degree of stenosis of all segments decreased from 32·5% (SD = 16) to 30·6% (SD ‐ 16·8) over the 2 years. A regression > 8% was observed in 50/187 (26·7%) segments, whereas 29/187 (15·5%) segments showed progression. In 108/187 (57·8%) segments the lesions were stable (< 8% deviation) over 2 years. We conclude that regular treatment with HELP‐LDL‐apheresis is able to stabilize progressive atherosclerotic disease and to induce almost twice as much regression as progression of atherosclerotic lesions. Copyright © 1994, Wiley Blackwell. All rights reserved
Pravastatin in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia: A Swiss multicentre study; Conventional lipid-lowering agents displayed only limited efficacy in lowering total and LDL cholesterol and a high incidence of side effects. Pravastatin is a new potent cholesterol-lowering agent, which selectively inhibits hepatic HMG-CoA-reductase. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled Swiss multicenter study with determination of lipids and lipoprotein in a central laboratory, the efficacy and safety of 6 months' therapy with pravastatin was evaluated in 50 patients with mild hypercholesterolemia and additional coronary risk factors. Compared to baseline and after 26 weeks' therapy, pravastatin significantly reduced total cholesterol (pravastatin vs placebo, -17% vs +7%, p < 0.0001) and LDL cholesterol (-26 vs +2%, p < 0.0001). The total/HDL cholesterol ratio (= 'atherogenic index') was comparable in the two groups at baseline (5.9 ± 1.1 vs 6.3 ± 0.9), and was distinctly lowered by pravastatin but not placebo (-20 vs 0%, p < 0.0001). In 11 patients in whom the reduction of serum total cholesterol after 13 weeks' treatment with 20 mg pravastatin was still below target (on average -9.1%), doubling of the dose produced a further decrease of 4.3%. Serum HDL cholesterol and serum triglyceride levels did not change significantly during pravastatin treatment as compared to baseline and placebo. Pravastatin was well tolerated during the 26 weeks without relevant subjective side-effects. There were 5 dropouts during the study, 2 patients in the pravastatin group and 3 in the placebo group. These findings document that pravastatin, administered in a single daily dose of 20 to 40 mg, effectively lowers serum cholesterol and total-/HDL-cholesterol improving action and is well tolerated.
Blood lipids and lipid peroxides in the families of patients with ischemic heart disease; Levels of some fractions of blood neutral lipids and lipoperoxides were compared in the families of patients with coronary heart disease. The patients and their relatives (including healthy ones) were found to show a statistically significant increase in the atherogenic index, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, total lipid, and lipoperoxide concentrations and a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels as against controls. The changes in the values of lipids and lipoperoxides in the families of patients with coronary heart disease were homogenous and might be one of the pathogenetic links in the formation of hereditary predisposition to atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases which might be detected in a prehospital period.
Blood plasma lipids and apolipoproteins as indicators of coronary atherosclerosis; An assessment of one-feature and combined diagnostic value of plasma lipid and apolipoprotein parameters, using stepwise discriminant analysis, was designed to make possible correct differentiation between coronary heart disease (CHD) due to angiographically-verified coronary atherosclerosis and neurocirculatory dystonia (NCD) without signs of coronary arterial affection. The apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein AI (apo B/apo AI) ratio was shown to be the best single apolipoprotein marker capable of correct differentiation between CHD and NCD in 74% of cases. It was similar to the best lipid diagnostic marker, the cholesterol atherogenic index, in terms of discriminating power. The combination of the apo B/apo AI ratio + age + systolic arterial blood pressure proved to be the best combined indicator, bringing the diagnostic error down to 18%.
High-density Lipoprotein Cholesterol and Its Protective Role Against the Development of Coronary Heart Disease in Japanese Diabetics; High-density lipoprotein chlesterol (HDL-Chol) levels in Japanese diabetic patients were studied, with special reference to the protective role against the development of coronary heart disease (CHD). The subjects studied were 570 diabetic patients (346 males and 224 females), who were followed up until the end of 1982 with an average observation period of 7. 5 years. HDL-Chol was datermined by the dextran-magnesium precipitation method. 1) Mean HDL-Chol levels in diabetic patients were higher in females than in males and also higher in non-obese than in obese subjects. Among non-obese subjects, insulin-treated patients showed significantly higher levels of HDL-Chol thandid. patients undergoing other types of treatment. No apparent relationship was obtained between the HDL-Chol level and the fasting glucose value determined concurrently. 2) The incidence of CHD in diabetic patients treated with diet or hypoglycemic agents was significantly elevated in the male subjects with an HDL-Chol level of less than 35 mg/dl and in the female subjects with that of less than 45 mg/dl and was low in the subjects with an HDL-Chol level greater than 55 mg/dl in both sexes. The risk analysis and multiple logistic analysis indicated that the incidence of CHD was significantly related to age and ischemic ECG changes in addition to a decrease in HDL-Chol levels and an increase in the atherogenic index (LDL-Chol/HDL-Chol). In conclusion, it was evident that HDL-Chol was a protective factor against the development of CHD in Japanese diabetic patients as observed in the West. © 1984, THE JAPAN DIABETES SOCIETY. All rights reserved.
The atherogenic index in normal male recruits and its relation to other risk factors of coronary disease; The atherogenic index (Cholestrol/HDL-Cholest.) was calculated in a group of 921 healthy male recruits, 20 years old. The relationship between risk ratio and other risk factors of CHD was calculated. The most significant variable was found to be the weight/height ratio (P [ 0.001) followed by cholesterol level (P [ 0.001), Systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure (P [ 0.001). The number of cigarettes smoked per day and the duration of the habit in years, were significant in correlation to the index (P [ 0.001). People living in industrial areas have shown a tendency for higher indexes in comparison with people coming from rural areas.
Electrocardiographic data on ischemic heart disease in hyperlipoproteinemia patients; The electrocardiograms (ECG) were studied according to Minnesota Code: 103 patients with hyperlipoproteinemia (HLP)--49 with type IIA--49, IIB--37 and type IV--17. A high incidence was established of the patients with positive--17.48 per cent and probable--22.34 per cent ECG data on IHD. Type IIB is most frequent among the patients with IHD, followed by HLP type IIA and IV. The average age of the patients with positive IHD data was 42.2 and of the probable--49.9 years. Total cholesterol and atherogenic index is significantly higher in the patients with a past history of myocardial infarction as compared with those with probable ECG data on IHD.
Purification and identification of very low density lipoprotein toxicity preventing activity; Toxicity preventing activity (TxPA) is a recently identified substance in serum which counteracts the toxic effect of very low density lipoproteins upon endothelial cells in vitro. In two clinical studies, TxPA was low in individuals with angiographically demonstrable coronary artery disease. An atherogenic index which combines TxPA with lipoprotein cholesterol values classifies individuals with coronary artery disease with an accuracy of greater than 93%. TxPA precipitates with 0.15 M trichloroacetic acid and above 3 M (NH4)2SO4. Activity is present in Cohn fractions IV4 and V and is stabilized by antioxidants. TxPA co-lutes with the albumin peak on gel filtration chromatography and as a subcomponent of albumin on ion-exchange chromatography. Isoelectric focusing resolves albumin into two major peaks with pI values of 4.8 and 5.6. The TxPA is identified as the pI 5.6 albumin peak. © 1988.
Coronary artery disease in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia; Serum lipids, lipoproteins and Achilles tendon thickness in 52 patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) were investigated in order to clarify what are the important factors for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) in heterozygous FH patients. There were no significant differences in the average concentration of total cholesterol and triglyceride between the patients with and those without CAD. The HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) level was significantly lower in patients with CAD than in those without, and the HDL-C value was within the normal range in most of the patients with heterozygous FH, if not associated with CAD. Although most of the males aged over 50 years had CAD and a decreased level of HDL-C, many of the aged females were without signs of CAD. The HDL-C value of heterozygous FH patients with CAD was significantly lower compared with the age-matched group without CAD. The Achilles tendon was thicker in patients with CAD than in those without CAD, both for males and females, although it was less closely correlated with the incidence of CAD than HDL-C or the atherogenic index. A forecast concerning the development of CAD in heterozygous FH may be possible if we consider multiple parameters, such as HDL-C, atherogenic index, Achilles tendon thickness, etc. © 1982.
Long-term efficiency, biocompatibility, and clinical safety of combined simultaneous ldl-apheresis and haemodialysis in patients with hypercholesterolaemia and end-stage renal failure; Three hypercholesterolaemic patients on maintenance haemodialysis with angiographically proven coronary artery disease were treated in a once-a-week schedule by combined, synchronous lipid apheresis (using heparin-induced extracorporeal LDL precipitation) and haemodialysis (HELP/HD) for 65–104 weeks. Clinical side-effects were few and mostly related to high ultrafiltration rates in patients with low compliance regarding interdialytic fluid restriction. Biocompatibility of the procedure was shown to be good and blood cell losses, leukocyte (elastase release) and thrombocyte (β-thromboglobulin extrusion) as well as complement (C3a formation) activation were minimal. Interestingly, most of the C3a generated in the extracorporeal HELP circuit was immediately removed again in the precipitate filter. In the pseudo-steady-state after 3 months of regular therapy, acute haematocrit-corrected reduction of plasma components after the session compared to pre values were about 55% for the risk factors LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), and fibrinogen (FIB) with good recovery of HDL-C and other proteins. Urea, creatinine, and phosphate elimination was similar to normal haemodialysis. Mean interapheresis values of risk factors after one (n=2) and two (n=1) years of treatment were crucially dependent upon ultrafiltration (UF); thus, in two patients with high UF LDL-C concentrations amounting to 185 and 220mg/dl at baseline and were reduced to about 135mg/dl LDL-C, while in the patient with low UF the reduction was from 231 mg/dl to 80 mg/dl. The atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C) was reduced from 6.4 and 5.1 to about 4.3 in patients with high UF, from 6.1 to 3.3 in the patient with low UF. Fibrinogen and Lp(a) were normalized in all patients. In summary, the combined HELP/HD treatment in hypercholesterolaemic dialysis patients proved to be a safe, effective, and selective procedure for lipoprotein and fibrinogen normalization with excellent biocompatibility and good clinical patient tolerance, providing a tool ready for future atherosclerosis regression studies in ESRD patients. © 1993 European Dialysis and Transplant Association-European Renal Association.
Relation of the nutritional characteristics of the population to the blood plasma level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; During examination of a sample of 1559 persons in one of the districts in the city of Kiev, statistically significant relationship between the level of plasma HDL cholesterol and the type of nutrition was obtained. Persons with hypoalphacholesterolemia consumed more fats, including animal fats, cholesterol, sugar and less polyunsaturated fatty acids, starch retinol, ascorbic acid, and manganese. The use of recommendations for rational nutrition on the basis of the results of the study in the group of persons with hypoalphacholesterolemia allowed a 30.7% increase in HDL cholesterol, and a 1.7-fold decrease in the atherogenic index as compared to basic data.
Coronary Risk Factors in Angiographically Defined Patients with Chest Pain; Coronary risk factors were assessed in 186 consecutive patients who received coronary angiography. The severity of coronary luminal narrowing was scored as the coronary sclerosis index (CSI). Patients were divided into normal coronary arteries (Ν, n = 72), coronary sclerosis without infarction (C, n = 73) and previous myocardial infarction (MI, n = 41). The CSI increased with age. A significant difference in serum triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and atherogenic index was observed between Groups C or MI and N. Multivariate analysis revealed that CSI had correlated with total- and HDL-cholesterol, uric acid and age in subjects under 55 years; and with age, blood sugar, factor Η and HDL cholesterol in those of 55 years or over. When patients were classified by their total and LDL cholesterol level, a significantly different CSI was found between the desirable and high cholesterol levels in subjects under the age of 55, but it was not significant in those over 55. Therefore, disorders in lipid metabolism should be corrected in early middle age. © 1990, The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Coronary risk factors used to predict coronary artery disease by logistic regression analysis; Risk factor analysis in coronary artery disease was conducted in 303 patients who underwent coronary arteriography to identify associations between personal characteristics and the prevalence of coronary heart disease. Age, sex, obesity, smoking, alcohol intake, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, serum uric acid, total cholesterol, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, and atherogenic indices were statistically analyzed. All 13 variables were first compared between patients with positive and negative ergonovine tests. Only total cholesterol was significantly different, while significant differences in age, sex, history of diabetes, total cholesterol, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride and atherosclerotic indices were observed between patients with and without organic coronary artery stenosis. A multivariate analysis was performed, and the resulting equation was tested using the remaining patients. Logistic analysis of all 13 variables identified 5 (age, sex, diabetes mellitus, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol) which accounted for the differences between patients with and without significant coronary artery disease and that were validated in the test group. The sensitivity for prediction of coronary artery disease was 75.8%, specificity 68.5%, and predictive accuracy 71.5% in the test group. Thus, risk factor analysis appears to be very valuable in screening subjects with high-risk organic coronary stenosis and in optimizing the preventive and therapeutic modalities, but not in predicting vasospastic subjects. © 1992, The Japanese Circulation Society. All rights reserved.
Lipoprotein‐related coronary risk factors in patients with angiographically defined coronary artery disease: relation to number of stenosed arteries; Abstract.  To determine whether an index estimating antagonism between low density lipoprotein (LDL) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) would improve separation between groups with and without coronary atherosclerosis, patients undergoing coronary catheterization (35 women and 99 men) were analysed for total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDLc), apolipoprotein A (apo A) and apolipoprotein B (apo B). The subjects were categorized as groups 0. 1, 2 or 3 according to the number of stenosed arteries (≥ 75% areal stenosis). Thirty of the patients showed no significant coronary atherosclerosis (group O). Serum apo B and TC concentrations were directly related to the number of stenosed vessels, whereas the concentrations of apo A and HDLc were negatively correlated with the number of stenosed arteries. An ‘atherogenic Index’ (ATH index) calculated as the product of serum concentrations of apo B, and TC minus HDLc, divided by the product of apo A and HDLc, proved more satisfactory than individual lipoprotein components for discrimination between subjects with and without stenosis. Accordingly, identification of coronary groups may be improved by using the ATH index. 1990 Blackwell Publishing Ltd
Coronary artery disease in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia; Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a common complication of Familial Hypercholesterolemia (FH), but some patients are not associated with CAD even if their serum cholesterol levels are high enough and they are at old age. The purpose of this study is to define the relationship between the prevalence of CAD and the lipoprotein abnormalities and Achilles tendon thickness in FH patients considering age and sex. 51 heterozygous FH patients were divided into two groups, that were patients with CAD and without CAD. The levels of total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG), Atherogenic Index (AI) and Achilles tendon thickness (ATT) were detected and compared between each other. Male patients had higher frequencies of CAD than female patients and the onset of CAD was at least 10 years earlier in male patients than those of female patients in agreement with previous papers. There were only a few male patients more than 50 years old who had not yet been attached by CAD. HDL-C levels were significantly lower in patients with CAD than in those without CAD. The higher the HDL-C levels, the lower the frequencies of CAD, and under 60 years old, there were no CAD patients with HDL-C for more than 50 mg/dl. There was no significant difference in levels of TC and TG between those with CAD and those without CAD. The higher the AI, the higher the frequencies of CAD, and there was positive relationship between AI and prevalence of CAD. Achilles tendon was significantly thicker in patients with CAD than in those without CAD, and the thicker Achilles tendon the patients had, the higher frequencies of CAD they had.
Atherogenic risk factors in cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis; In a study of coronary artery disease in patients with cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX), we documented the presence or absence of atherogenic risk factors and performed detailed analyses of serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles. Four of the seven patients examined had coronary arterial narrowing and/or obstruction, but multiple atherogenic risk factors were not found in any of these patients. Total cholesterol (T.ch) levels and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-ch) levels were lower, and high density lipoprotein 2-cholesterol (HDL2-ch) levels were higher in CTX patients than in controls. Triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels were significantly lower in the former. Indices correlating with the risk of atherosclerosis, such as the atherogenic index, and the ratios of apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein AI, HDL2-ch/LDL-ch, HDL2-ch/HDL3-ch, indicated that CTX serum was, in fact, 'anti-atherogenic'. However, coronary artery disease is frequently seen in patients with CTX. This discrepancy suggests the existence of a unique mechanism by which atherosclerosis is induced in patients with CTX. We discuss a mechanism of disturbed lipoprotein metabolism which might be responsible for the deposition of sterols in the tissues of patients with CTX. © 1991.
Clinical picture and background for progression of peripheral arteriosclerosis in Japanese patients with coronary artery disease; Coexisted peripheral vascular disease (PVD: ankle/brachial pressure index A/PBI less than 0.75) or carotid artery disease (CTD: Brochenbrough's supraorbital Doppler flow analysis) were diagnosed by non-invasive testings, and correlated with clinical pictures and coronary backgrounds in 121 consecutive patients with confirmed coronary artery disease. PVD were found in 16.5%, CTD in 33.1% and both PVD and CTD in 9.9%. The mean age of PVD(+) patients was significantly higher than that of PVD(-) patients, furthermore CTD(+) patients displayed a significantly larger number of coronary risk factors than CTD(-) patients. Concerning the subjective symptoms, 20% of PVD(+) patients and 45% of CTD(+) patients were asymptomatic regarding PVD or CTD symptoms. However the degree of calcification of the aortic arch on the chest X-film (n = 104) significantly correlated with A/BPI. In patients with AMI, PVD patients showed significantly higher peak CK and CK-MB values than those in PVD(-) patients, which suggested large infarct size in coexistent PVD patients. With respect to the relationship between coronary risk factors, there was a statistically significant difference between PVD(+) patients and PVD(-) patients in terms of the obesity ratio in males as well as hypercholesterolemia ratio and obesity ratio in females. In CTD patients, significant differences between CTD(+) and CTD(-) patients were found with respect to the smoking ratio and obesity ratio in males as well as the smoking ratio in females. In whole study patients, A/BPI with lowered and A.I. (atherogenic index) increased significantly when patients possessed coronary risk factors equal or more than 4 items, which suggested the progression of PVD with increasing number of coronary risk factors.
Current status of contraceptive steroids and the intrauterine device.; The present status of oral contraceptive steroids and the IUD, the 2 most effective and increasingly popular contraceptive methods (used by 41.6% of all U.S. married couples practicing contraception in 1970), is presented. Oral steroid contraceptives with varying quantity and activity of estrogen (ethinyl estradiol or mestranol) and progestogen (norethindrone, norethynodrel, ethynodiol diacetate, or norgestrel), are of 3 types: combination, sequential, and minidose progestogen alone. The most effective contraceptive available is the combined oral pill with a pregnancy rate of less than .2 % per 100 women after 1 year. Contraceptive action is exerted primarily through inhibition of ovulation and secondarily by alterations in cervical mucus, endometrial glands, the ovary, and in the oviduct and uterine muscle. In comparison, sequential oral contraceptives are less effective with greater side effects, and should only be used in women with amenorrhea. Effects of oral contraceptives other than contraception include those on the (1) the primary targets of the female reproductive system, (2) on other endocrine oragans and (3) on the remainder of the body. In the first group, changes may include transitory stromal fibrosis in the ovary, enlarged fibromyomata, intermenstrual bleeding or amenorrhea, increased amount of cervical mucus, polypoid hyperplasia of the endocervical glands, breast tenderness, and changes in lactation. Changes in the second category which may occur affect the adrenal glands, hypothalamus, the thyroid (increased thyroid-binding globulin), and pancreas (alterations in glucose metabolism). Effects on the rest of the body may include increase in serum lipids and changed atherogenic index, abnormalities in liver function, thromboembolism (incidence in oral contraceptive users 4.4 times that in non-users), melasma, alterations in the central nervous system with increased incidence of cerebral vascular accidents, hypertension, and increased body weight. Absolute contraindications to oral contraceptive therapy include cancer of the breast and uterus, pregnancy, active liver disease, hyperlipidemia, and history of gestational diabetes, thromboembolic phenomena or coronary artery disease. Relative contraindications include depression, migraine, myomata of the uterus, hypertension, epilipsy, oligomenorrhea and amenorrhea. Reliable epidemiologic data on IUDs from the Cooperative Statistical Program indicated first year pregnancy rate of 2.5%. Problems with the IUD include: 1) pregnancy with device in situ, which is associated with a higher incidence of spontaneous abortion; 2) ectopic pregnancy, which is prevented at a rate of only 90% compared with intrauterine pregnancies prevented in 97-98%; and 3) expulsions (20% of which are unnoticed), the expulsion rate being higher with decreasing age and parity, higher in the first than second year of use, and higher with smaller than larger devices. A major problem is discontinuation for medical reasons (15% rate in the first year), mainly bleeding and pain. Perforation, another serious complication, occurs initially at time of insertion with an incidence of 1 per 2500 insertions for the loop. IUDs were found to produce a sterile inflammatory tissue reaction, which is postulated as the primary causative factor for their contraceptive effect in humans.
Effect of conjugated estrogens with and without medrogestone: A prospective study; Objective: To study the possible changes in serum lipids and lipoproteins during hormone replacement therapy with special emphasis on the possible effects brought about by the progestogen. Design: Open-label randomized prospective comparative study. Setting: Gynecological outpatient department of an university hospital. Patients: Thirty-three healthy hysterectomized postmenopausal women. Interventions: Continuous oral supplementation with conjugated estrogens, 0.625 mg daily, was administered either alone (group I; N = 18) or in combination with cyclic medrogestone, 5 mg daily during the last 12 days of each 28 days treatment cycle (group II; N = 15). Main outcome measure: Changes in serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins after three, six and 13 treatment cycles. Results: After 1 year of treatment significant increases were observed in mean high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, its subfractions, and apolipoprotein A-I in group I and II: HDL cholesterol: +25.2% and +12.1%, respectively; HDL2 cholesterol: +47.4% and +23.5%, respectively; HDL3 cholesterol: +18.1% and +11.2%, respectively; apolipoprotein A-I: +23.0 and +14.8%, respectively. Comparing the two study groups no significant differences were found in lipid changes during the study period, except for HDL2 cholesterol. Conclusion: Supplementation with conjugated estrogens, with and without medrogestone, and given for a longer period, demonstrated a beneficial influence on serum lipoproteins with almost no differences between the two treatment regimens. © 1994.
