Associations of the triglyceride-glucose index and atherogenic index of plasma with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease in different glucose metabolic states.; BACKGROUND: The triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index is considered a dependable biomarker for gauging insulin resistance. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) represents a marker reflecting atherosclerosis. However, there is currently no study specifically exploring the associations of these two biomarkers with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease (CAD) under different glucose metabolic states. Therefore, this study aims to evaluate the correlations of these two biomarkers with CAD severity in patients newly diagnosed with CAD under various glucose metabolism conditions. METHOD: Totally 570 subjects first administered coronary angiography were enrolled, including 431 first diagnosed CAD patients and 139 non-CAD patients. CAD severity  was gauged by the quantity of narrowed arteries (single-vessel and multi-vessel CAD). According to WHO diabetes guidelines, glucose metabolic states were divided into normal glucose regulation (NGR), pre-diabetes mellitus (Pre-DM), and diabetes mellitus (DM). The relationships of the TyG index and AIP with CAD severity were validated by logistic regression analysis, including adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk elements and medical treatments. Their predictive efficacy for CAD was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. RESULT: The TyG index and AIP were independently correlated with CAD in accordance with logistic regression analysis (both P < 0.05). Regardless of the glucose metabolic states, there was no statistical correlation between the TyG index and CAD severity. However, AIP in NGR patients was significantly related to CAD severity (P < 0.05). The areas under the curve of the TyG index and AIP for predicting CAD were 0.682 and 0.642 (both P < 0.001), respectively, and their optimal cut-off values were 3.210 (Youden index: 0.305) and 0.095 (Youden index:0.246), respectively. CONCLUSION: The TyG index and AIP have significant associations with CAD. The TyG index had no association with CAD severity, regardless of glucose metabolic states. AIP exhibited a discernible link with CAD severity in NGR patients, but not in the pre-DM or DM populations. The TyG index and AIP have similar predictive values for new-onset CAD.
Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease: A systematic review.; Various studies suggest that the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is associated with the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) in different clinical scenarios. This review aimed to synthesize evidence of the association between AIP values and CAD. A literature search was carried out on four databases, namely, PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Ovid-Medline. A handsearch was performed on preprint repositories (MedRxiv and Research Square). The effect measurements were expressed as odds ratios (OR) with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI). For the quantitative synthesis, we employed a random-effects model. We analyzed 14 articles (with 40,902 participants) from seven different countries. The quantitative analysis revealed that an increase in one unit of AIP was associated with higher odds of developing CAD (OR 2.11; 95% CI 1.65-2.69; P < 0.001; I (2) = 98%). We conducted subgroup analyses of Chinese (OR 1.89; 95% CI 1.40-2.56; P < 0.001) and non-Chinese studies (OR 2.51; 95% CI 1.42-4.42; P < 0.001). The sensitivity analysis by risk of bias continued to demonstrate an association, and the heterogeneity remained unchanged (OR 1.75; 95% CI 1.33-2.31; P < 0.001; I (2) = 98%). Higher AIP values were associated with higher odds of developing CAD.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a newly identified biomarker associated with lipid metabolism, demonstrating significant prognostic capabilities in individuals diagnosed with cardiovascular disease. However, its impact within the context of chronic coronary syndromes (CCS) remains unexplored. Thus, the present investigation sought to examine the potential association between AIP levels and long-term clinical outcomes in patients diagnosed with CCS. METHODS: A total of 404 patients diagnosed with CCS and who underwent coronary angiography were included in this study. The AIP index was calculated as log (triglycerides / high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). The patients were categorized into four groups based on their AIP values: Q1 (< -0.064), Q2 (-0.064 to 0.130), Q3 (0.130 to 0.328), and Q4 (> 0.328). The occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) was monitored during the follow-up period for all patients. Cox regression analysis and Kaplan-Meier curve analysis were employed to examine the relationship between AIP and MACE. Furthermore, ROC analysis was utilized to determine the optimal cut-off value of AIP for predicting clinical MACE. RESULTS: During the median 35 months of follow-up, a total of 88 patients experienced MACE. Notably, the group of patients with higher AIP values (Q4 group) exhibited a significantly higher incidence of MACE compared to those with lower AIP values (Q1, Q2, and Q3 groups) (31.7% vs. 16.8%, 15.7%, and 23.0% respectively; P = 0.023). The Kaplan-Meier curves illustrated those patients in the Q4 group had the highest risk of MACE relative to patients in the other groups (log-rank P = 0.014). Furthermore, the multivariate Cox regression analysis demonstrated that individuals in the Q4 group had a 7.892-fold increased risk of MACE compared to those in the Q1 group (adjusted HR, 7.892; 95% CI 1.818-34.269; P = 0.006). Additionally, the ROC curve analysis revealed an optimal AIP cut-off value of 0.24 for predicting clinical MACE in patients with CCS. CONCLUSION: Our data indicate, for the first time, that AIP is independently associated with poor long-term prognosis in patients suffering from CCS. The optimal AIP cut-off value for predicting clinical MACE among CCS patients was 0.24.
Genetic Determinants of Atherogenic Indexes.; Atherogenesis and dyslipidemia increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, which is the leading cause of death in developed countries. While blood lipid levels have been studied as disease predictors, their accuracy in predicting cardiovascular risk is limited due to their high interindividual and interpopulation variability. The lipid ratios, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP = log TG/HDL-C) and the Castelli risk index 2 (CI2 = LDL-C/HDL-C), have been proposed as better predictors of cardiovascular risk, but the genetic variability associated with these ratios has not been investigated. This study aimed to identify genetic associations with these indexes. The study population (n = 426) included males (40%) and females (60%) aged 18-52 years (mean 39 years); the Infinium GSA array was used for genotyping. Regression models were developed using R and PLINK. AIP was associated with variation on APOC3, KCND3, CYBA, CCDC141/TTN, and ARRB1 (p-value < 2.1 × 10(-6)). The three former were previously associated with blood lipids, while CI2 was associated with variants on DIPK2B, LIPC, and 10q21.3 rs11251177 (p-value 1.1 × 10(-7)). The latter was previously linked to coronary atherosclerosis and hypertension. KCND3 rs6703437 was associated with both indexes. This study is the first to characterize the potential link between genetic variation and atherogenic indexes, AIP, and CI2, highlighting the relationship between genetic variation and dyslipidemia predictors. These results also contribute to consolidating the genetics of blood lipid and lipid indexes.
Plasma atherogenic indices are independent predictors of slow coronary flow.; BACKGROUND: Although the pathophysiology of coronary slow flow (CSF) has not been fully elucidated, emerging data increasingly support potential role for subclinical diffuse atherosclerosis in the etiology of CSF. We aimed to investigate relationship between atherogenic indices and CSF. METHODS: 130 patients with CSF diagnosed according to Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI)-frame count (TFC) method and 130 controls who had normal coronary flow (NCF) were included in this retrospective study. Atherogenic indices (atherogenic index of plasma [AIP], Castelli risk indices I and II [CRI-I and II]) were calculated using conventional lipid parameters. RESULTS: The logistic regression analyses demonstrated that AIP (OR, 5.463; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.357-21.991; p = 0.017) and CRI-II (OR, 1.624; 95% CI, 1.138-2.319; p = 0.008) were independent predictors of CSF. Receiver operating characteristic analysis showed that the optimal cutoff value to predict the occurrence of CSF was 0.66 for AIP (sensitivity, 59%; specificity, 73%; area under curve [AUC], 0.695; p < 0.001) and 3.27 for CRI-II (sensitivity, 60%; specificity, 79%; AUC, 0.726; p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: AIP and CRI-II levels were independent predictors of CSF. Prospective studies in larger cohorts of patients may elucidate the role of atherogenic dyslipidemia in the pathophysiology of CSF.
The predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with LDL-C below 1.8mmol/L.; BACKGROUND: The potential predictive significance of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), with low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) below 1.8mmol/L, has not been well explored. METHODS: The retrospective cohort analysis included 1,133 patients with ACS and LDL-C levels below 1.8mmol/L who underwent PCI. AIP is calculated as log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). Patients were divided into two groups according to the median value of AIP. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs), a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke or unplanned repeat revascularization. The association between AIP and the prevalence of MACCE was evaluated using multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. RESULTS: Over a median follow-up of 26 months, the incidence of MACCE was higher in the high AIP group compared to the low AIP group (9.6% vs. 6.0%, P log-rank = 0.020), and the difference was mainly derived from an increased risk of unplanned repeat revascularization (7.6% vs. 4.6%, P log-rank = 0.028). After adjusting for multiple variables, elevated AIP was independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE, regardless of whether AIP was considered a nominal or continuous variable (hazard ratio [HR] 1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04-2.53 or HR 2.01, 95% CI 1.09-3.73). CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrates that AIP is a significant predictor of adverse outcomes in ACS patients undergoing PCI with LDL-C < 1.8mmol/L. These results suggest that AIP may offer supplementary prognostic information for ACS patients with optimally managed LDL-C levels.
Atherogenic index of plasma and triglyceride-glucose index to predict more advanced coronary artery diseases in patients with the first diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the most common cause of mortality and morbidity. Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is the most advanced form of the CHD spectrum. The triglyceride-glucose index (TGI) and atherogenic plasma index (AIP) are associated with future cardiovascular events. This study investigated the association of these parameters with the severity of CAD and prognosis in the first-diagnosed ACS patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Our study was designed retrospectively, including 558 patients. Patients were divided into four subgroups: high and low TGI and high and low AIP. SYNTAX scores, in-hospital mortality, major adverse cardiac events (MACE), and survival were compared at 12-month follow-up. RESULTS: More three-vessel disease and higher SYNTAX scores have been detected in the high AIP and TGI groups. More MACEs have been observed in high AIP and TGI groups than low groups. AIP and TGI were found to be independent predictors for SYNTAX ≥23. While AIP has been found to be an independent risk factor for MACE, TGI has not been detected as an independent risk factor. In addition to AIP, age, three-vessel disease, and lower EF were the independent risk factors for MACE. Survival was lower in high TGP and AIP groups. CONCLUSIONS: AIP and TGI are costless bedside parameters that can be easily calculated. These parameters can predict the severity of CAD in first-diagnosed ACS patients. Besides, AIP is an independent risk factor for MACE. AIP and TGI parameters can guide our treatment in this patient population.
Atherogenic index of plasma is an independent predictor of mitral annular calcification.; BACKGROUND: In the latest reports, atherogenic indices have been related to acute coronary syndromes, stable coronary artery disease, heart failure and future cardiac events. Conventional atherosclerosis risk factors have been associated with mitral annular calcification (MAC), but data on the relationship between atherogenic indices and MAC are lacking. We aimed to investigate a possible relationship between MAC and atherogenic indices. METHODS: In total 741 patients (n = 427 with MAC and n = 314 without MAC) who were examined in our cardiology clinic from February 2016 to October 2021 were recruited in the study. Mitral annular calcification was diagnosed by transthoracic 2-dimensional echocardiography. The atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli risk index 1 (CRI-1), Castelli risk index 2 (CRI-2) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated by utilizing standard lipid test values. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference in sex, age, diabetes and hypertension status between the patient and the control groups. Serum triglyceride level, AIP, Hs-CRP, smoking and BMI were independently significantly associated with MAC in multiple regression analysis (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Higher AIP was related to the existence of MAC and also predict the presence of MAC independently. Studies evaluating the modification of these indices are needed.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Coronary Artery Disease in the Adult Population: A Meta-Analysis.; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which is the logarithm of the ratio between the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) concentrations in molar units, is correlated with the burden of atherosclerosis. This study aimed to evaluate the association between the AIP and coronary artery disease (CAD) in the adult population by performing a meta-analysis. Methods: Observational studies relevant for this meta-analysis were identified by searching the PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases. Only studies using multivariate analysis were considered. A random-effects model, which incorporates potential intra-study heterogeneity, was applied to combine the results. Results: Ten observational studies were included. In studies with the AIP analyzed as a continuous variable, a higher AIP was associated with a higher odds of CAD (adjusted risk ratio [RR] per 1-standard deviation [SD] increment of AIP: 2.10, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.51-2.93, P < 0.001, I(2) = 90%). Further analysis of studies with the AIP analyzed as a categorical variable showed a higher odds of CAD (adjusted RR: 2.35, 95% CI: 1.88-2.93, P < 0.001, I(2) = 37%) in the participants with the highest versus the lowest AIP value. Subgroup analyses demonstrated consistent results in asymptomatic and symptomatic populations as well as in male and female participants (all between-group P values > 0.05). Discussion: Current evidence, mostly from cross-sectional studies, suggests that a higher AIP value may be independently associated with CAD in the adult population.
Effect of Body Mass Index on the Prognostic Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.; (1) Background: The aim of this study was to investigate whether the prognostic value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for adverse cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) varied across different BMI groups. (2) Methods: This study was a retrospective analysis of a prospective registry involving 1725 ACS patients undergoing PCI. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, non-fatal ischemic stroke, non-fatal spontaneous myocardial infarction (MI), and unplanned repeat revascularization. (3) Results: The study population finally consisted of 526 patients with BMI < 24 kg/m(2) (age 62 ± 10 years; male 64.3%), 827 patients with 24 kg/m(2) ≤ BMI < 28 kg/m(2) (age 60 ± 10 years; male 81.8%), and 372 patients with BMI ≥ 28 kg/m(2) (age 57 ± 11 years; male 81.2%). The AIP as a continuous variable increased the risk for the primary endpoint in ACS patients undergoing PCI with BMI < 24 kg/m(2) (HR 2.506; 95% CI 1.285-4.885; p = 0.007), while it did not increase the risk in patients with BMI ≥ 24 kg/m(2) (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.747; 95% CI 0.921-3.316; p = 0.088 for patients with 24 kg/m(2) ≤ BMI < 28 kg/m(2); and HR: 2.096; 95% CI 0.835-5.261; p = 0.115 for patients with BMI ≥ 28 kg/m(2), respectively). Compared with the lowest AIP tertile, the top AIP tertile was associated with a significantly increased risk of the primary endpoint in BMI < 24 kg/m(2) group (HR: 1.772, 95% CI: 1.110 to 2.828, p = 0.016). (4) Conclusions: The AIP was significantly associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events in ACS patients undergoing PCI with BMI < 24 kg/m(2), but not in the patients with BMI ≥ 24 kg/m(2).
Atherogenic Index of Plasma Predicts Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease in Patients with Stable Angina Pectoris.; AIMS: Chronic coronary syndrome is associated with several risk factors, such as dyslipidemia and hypertension. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been demonstrated to be a biochemical risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to determine whether the AIP is an effective parameter for estimating obstructive CAD. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 345 patients (with a mean age of 62.2 ± 10.3; 63% male) who underwent coronary angiography were included in this study. Obstructive CAD is defined as having one or more vessels with a stenosis level of ≥50%. Depending on the presence of obstructive CAD, all patients were divided into two groups. The mean AIP value was found to be 0.538 ± 0.26 in the study group. The AIP values were significantly higher in the obstructive coronary artery group (AIP; 0.49 ± 0.26 vs. 0.58 ± 0.27, p = 0.002). According to a univariable analysis, AIP values were significantly associated with obstructive coronary artery disease [OR: 3.74 (CI 95% 1.62-8.64), p = 0.020]. The AIP was further adjusted for confounding risk factors in three multivariable analysis models and, all three models showed a significant association. According to an ROC analysis, 0.49 is the cut-off value for AIP, and a value above 0.49 indicates 50% coronary artpery stenosis. CONCLUSIONS: The AIP may be used in the assessment of cardiovascular risk for patients with stable angina pectoris, and it may also be used to estimate obstructive CAD.
The association of atherogenic index of plasma with cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) represents a novel marker in the current era of cardiovascular diseases. In this meta-analysis, we aimed to evaluate the association of AIP with cardiovascular prognosis in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched from inception through 2024. The primary outcome was major cardiovascular events (MACE). The secondary outcomes included all-causes death, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, revascularization, and no-reflow phenomenon. AIP was determined by taking the logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). The data analysis was represented using the risk ratio (RR) along with a 95% confidence interval (CI). RESULTS: Sixteen studies with a total number of 20,833 patients met the eligible criteria. The pooled-analysis showed a significant increased risk of MACE in the highest AIP group compared with the lowest AIP group (RR = 1.63; 95% CI, 1.44-1.85; P < 0.001). A similar result was observed when AIP was regarded as a continuous variable (RR = 1.54; 95% CI, 1.30-1.83; P < 0.001). Besides, elevated AIP was associated with increased risk of cardiovascular death (RR = 1.79; 95% CI, 1.09-2.78; P = 0.02), MI (RR = 2.21; 95% CI, 1.55-3.13; P < 0.001), revascularization (RR = 1.62; 95% CI, 1.34-1.97; P < 0.001), no-reflow phenomenon (RR = 3.12 95% CI, 1.09-8.96; P = 0.034), and stent thrombosis (RR = 13.46; 95%CI, 1.39-129.02; P = 0.025). However, AIP was not significantly associated with the risk of all-causes death and stroke among patients with CAD. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study demonstrated that increased AIP is an independent prognostic factors in patients with CAD. Further research is warranted to elucidate the potential development of targeted interventions to modify AIP levels and improve patient outcomes.
PCSK9 E670G (rs505151) Variant and Coronary Artery Disease Risk Among Diabetics.; Background: Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) is an enzyme in the family of proprotein convertases implicated in lipid metabolism and is a significant genetic risk factor in cardiovascular diseases among various populations. Aim of the Study: This study explored the correlation between the alleles of the rs505151 (E670G) locus of the PCSK9 gene and its expression levels with coronary artery disease (CAD) risk in Egyptian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Subjects and Methods: A case-control study was performed on 112 lean subjects compared to 100 T2DM patients without CAD and 84 T2DM patients with CAD to investigate the relationships among PCSK9 expression levels, the E670G (rs505151) gene variant, lipid concentrations, and CAD risk in an Egyptian diabetic population. A restriction fragment length polymorphism-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay was used to assess the gene polymorphism, and PCSK9 mRNA expression was determined by quantitative real-time PCR. Results: The prevalence of the E670G (rs505151) AG genotype in diabetics with CAD was significantly greater than the other two groups. The PCSK9 gene expression levels in diabetics with CAD were significantly greater than the other two groups. G allele carriers (AG+GG) had a higher relative PCSK9 expression than A allele carriers. Conclusion: PCSK9 relative expression levels and the E670G (rs505151) AG genotype are CAD risk factors among Egyptian diabetics and are linked positively to the atherogenic index of plasma.
Relationship between the Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Nondipping Circadian Pattern in Hypertensive Patients.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension is a major cause of cardiovascular diseases. Many studies have pointed out that the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which demonstrates plasma atherogenicity, is correlated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular morbidity, atherosclerosis, and severity of coronary artery disease. Within this context, we tried to evaluate the correlation between nondipping circadian pattern and AIP. METHODS: We enrolled 1,030 hypertensive patients (mean age: 53.6 ± 11.4) as part of the target population, separated into different groups based on the circadian blood pressure (BP) pattern taken from dipper and nondipper groups subsequent to 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM). We calculated the level of AIP using the log transformation of the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. RESULTS: The AIP observed in the nondipper group was remarkably higher than those of the dipper group (p < 0.001). After measuring the 24-h ABPM, we determined that AIP had a weak but significant correlation with nighttime systolic BP (r = 0.090, p = 0.004) and nighttime diastolic BP (r = 0.073, p = 0.019). As for the analysis based on the multivariate logistic regression, high AIP and age were found to be independently associated with the presence of the nondipping pattern. CONCLUSION: AIP levels are higher in patients with nondipping pattern compared to dipper patients. Additionally, higher levels of AIP are independently associated with the presence of the nondipping pattern in hypertensive patients.
The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a predictor for the severity of coronary artery disease.; OBJECTIVE: Dyslipidemia is a key risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to investigate the correlation between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and the severity of CAD. METHODS: 2,491 patients were enrolled in this study and analyzed retrospectively, including 665 non-CAD patients as the control group and 1,826 CAD patients. The CAD patients were classified into three subgroups according to tertiles of SYNTAX score (SS). Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C) was defined as serum total cholesterol (TC) minus serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI) was defined as the ratio of non-HDL-C to HDL-C; AIP was defined as the logarithm of the ratio of the concentration of triglyceride (TG) to HDL-C; lipoprotein combine index (LCI) was defined as the ratio of TC∗TG∗ low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL)to HDL-C; Castelli Risk Index I (CRI I) was defined as the ratio of TC to HDL-C; Castelli Risk Index II (CRI II) was defined as the ratio of LDL-C to HDL-C. RESULTS: The levels of AIP (P < 0.001), AI (P < 0.001), and LCI (P = 0.013) were higher in the CAD group compared with the non-CAD group. The Spearman correlation analysis showed that AIP (r = 0.075, P < 0.001), AI (r = 0.132, P < 0.001), and LCI (r = 0.072, P = 0.001) were positively correlated with SS. The multivariate logistic regression model showed CRI I (OR: 1.11, 95% CI: 1.03-1.19, P = 0.005), CRI II (OR: 1.26, 95% CI: 1.15-1.39, P < 0.001), AI (OR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.17-1.40, P < 0.001), AIP (OR: 2.06, 95% CI: 1.38-3.07, P < 0.001), and LCI (OR: 1.01, 95% CI: 1.01-1.02, P < 0.001) were independent predictors of severity of CAD After adjusting various confounders. CONCLUSION: CRI I, CRI II, AIP, AI, and LCI were independent predictors of the severity of CAD, which could be used as a biomarker for the evaluation of the severity of CAD.
The Triglyceride-Glucose Index Might Be a Better Indicator for Predicting Poor Cardiovascular Outcomes in Chronic Coronary Syndrome.; This study aimed to explore the potential association between the triglyceride-glucose index (TyG) and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP)-both considered surrogate markers for atherosclerosis-and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome (CCS). We conducted a retrospective analysis, encompassing 715 consecutive patients with intermediate CCS risk, who presented at the outpatient clinic between June 2020 and August 2022. MACEs included non-fatal myocardial infarction, hospitalization for heart failure, cerebrovascular events, non-cardiac mortality, and cardiac mortality. The primary outcome was the composite occurrence of MACEs during the follow-up period. For time-to-event analysis of the primary outcome, we employed Kaplan-Meier plots and Cox proportional hazard models. The median age of the overall study population was 55 years, with a median follow-up duration of 17 months. Multivariate Cox regression analysis identified age, hypertension, Coronary Artery Disease-Reporting and Data System score, and TyG index as independent predictors of the primary outcome. Notably, individuals with high TyG levels exhibited a significantly higher primary outcome rate compared to those with low TyG levels (18.7% vs. 3.8%, p < 0.001). Similarly, patients with elevated TyG values demonstrated statistically higher rates of cerebrovascular events, hospitalizations for heart failure, non-fatal myocardial infarctions, non-cardiac mortality, and cardiac mortality. These findings suggest that TyG may serve as a predictive marker for adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients with CCS.
Predictive nomogram for coronary heart disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to identify risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), build a clinical prediction model, and draw a nomogram. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Coronary angiography was performed for 1,808 diabetic patients who were recruited at the department of cardiology in The Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University from June 2020 to June 2022. After applying exclusion criteria, 560 patients were finally enrolled in this study and randomly divided into training cohorts (n = 392) and validation cohorts (n = 168). The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) is used to filter features in the training dataset. Finally, we use logical regression to establish a prediction model for the selected features and draw a nomogram. RESULTS: The discrimination, calibration, and clinical usefulness of the prediction model were evaluated using the c-index, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration chart, and decision curve. The effects of gender, diabetes duration, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A1, lipoprotein (a), homocysteine, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), nerve conduction velocity, and carotid plaque merit further study. The C-index was 0.803 (0.759-0.847) in the training cohort and 0.775 (0.705-0.845) in the validation cohort. In the ROC curve, the Area Under Curve (AUC) of the training set is 0.802, and the AUC of the validation set is 0.753. The calibration curve showed no overfitting of the model. The decision curve analysis (DCA) demonstrated that the nomogram is effective in clinical practice. CONCLUSION: Based on clinical information, we established a prediction model for CHD in patients with T2DM.
The correlation of atherogenic index of plasma with non-obstructive CAD and unfavorable prognosis among patients diagnosed with MINOCA.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is linked to lipid metabolism and has shown considerable prognostic value in cardiovascular disorders. However, its role in myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) has not been investigated. We assessed the relationship between AIP, the severity of coronary stenosis, and prognosis in MINOCA. METHODS: We included consecutive patients who were diagnosed with MINOCA. AIP was calculated using the base 10 logarithm of the ratio between the levels of TG and HDL-C. The patients were divided into four groups based on their AIP quartiles: Q1 (AIP<-0.145), Q2 (AIP≥-0.145and≤0.049), Q3 (AIP>0.049and≤0.253), and Q4 (AIP>0.253). All patients underwent follow-up for MACE. RESULTS: The final analysis included 421 patients, with 188 having normal coronaries (0 stenosis) and 233 exhibiting non-obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) (<50 % stenosis). In the multivariate logistic analysis, highest AIP (Q4) group was significantly associated with increased risk of non-obstructive CAD in MINOCA (OR,1.994;95 % CI:1.075-3.698; P = 0.029). During the follow-up period, MACE occurred in 22.8 % of MINOCA patients. Q4 group exhibited a significantly higher rate of MACE (P = 0.021). Furthermore, when both AIP and coronary stenosis status were considered, the results revealed individuals in the Q4 group with non-obstructive CAD had the highest risk of MACE (log-rank P = 0.027). The adjusted Cox analysis indicated that the Q4 group was associated with a 2.052-fold increase in the HR of MACE. CONCLUSION: AIP exhibits a notable association with the incidence of MACE in MINOCA patients and serves as a substantial marker for non-obstructive CAD in this patient group.
Relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Stent thrombosis (ST) is an uncommon but serious complication in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). This study aimed to investigate the effect of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) on ST. METHODS: Among the 10,258 patients who underwent coronary angiography between January 2018 and December 2020, 239 patients who underwent PCI with the diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) due to ST were included as the study group (ST group) and 459 patients who underwent percutaneous intervention for ACS and did not have any in-stent lesion as the control group (non-ST group). ST classification was done according to the Academic Research Consortium definition. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 63.3±10.6 years (483 male, 69.2%). The groups were similar in terms of characteristic properties, comorbidities, and the drugs being used (p>0.05 for all). Drug eluting stents were used in 86.5% of the patients. In the ST group, the median time from stent implantation to thrombosis was 285 days. Mean AIP and the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) were statistically significantly higher in the ST group than in the controls (p<0.001 and p=0.018, respectively), and a positive correlation was observed between time from stent implantation to thrombosis and AIP and TG/HDL-C (rS=0.229, p=0.010 and rS=0.222, p=0.010, respectively). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that stent length, prior ST elevation myocardial infarction, TG/HDL-C, and AIP were independent predictors of ST. CONCLUSION: AIP is an easy calculable biomarker, and the performance of AIP to predict ST is better than TG/HDL-C.
Impact of Atherogenic Indexes in Saphenous Vein Graft Stenosis.; BACKGROUND: Saphenous vein grafts (SVG) are frequently used in patients that have undergone coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Objectives: To evaluate the relationship between atherogenic indexes and SVG stenosis. METHODS: Altogether, 534 patients (27.7% women, mean age 65±8.4 years) that underwent CABG and elective coronary angiography were included in the study. Patients with at least one SVG stenosis ≥50% were allocated to the stenosis group SVG (+) (n=259) and patients without stenosis were categorized as SVG (-) (n=275). Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and atherogenic coefficient (AC) were calculated from the patients' routine lipid parameters. The level of significance was p<0.05. RESULTS: The number of patients with a history of hypertension (HT), diabetes mellitus (DM), stroke, and heart failure was significantly higher in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. Total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C were significantly higher and HDL-C was lower in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. AIP (p<0.001) and AC (p<0.001) were significantly higher in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis show that both AIP and AC were better than HDL-C, LDL-C and non-HDL-C at predicting SVG stenosis. In the multivariate analysis, history of DM, HT, stroke, heart failure (HF), number of saphenous grafts, HDL-C, LDL-C, non-HDL-C, AIP and AC were found to be independent risk factors for SVG stenosis. CONCLUSION: AIP and AC were independent predictors of SVG stenosis. Moreover, both AIP and AC have better performance in predicting SVG stenosis than LDL-C, HDL-C and non-HDL-C. (Arq Bras Cardiol. 2020; 115(3):538-544).
The Association Between Atherogenic Index of Plasma and No-Reflow Phenomenon in Acute Coronary Syndrome.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a biomarker of plasma atherogenicity. Elevated AIP is linked with adverse cardiac events. We sought to examine the association of admission AIP and no-reflow phenomenon (NRP) in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patient population treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: Eight hundred eight-four ACS patients were included to statistical tests retrospectively and classified according to the occurrence of NRP: NRP (-) (n = 662) and NRP (+) (n = 186). AIP levels were calculated through the formula log10 (triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio). RESULTS: AIP levels were higher in NRP (+) patients compared to NRP (-) group patients. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis for AIP to predict NRP yielded an area under the ROC curve value 0.643 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.596-0.690, P <.001]. AIP was associated with NRP in univariate logistic regression analysis [Odds Ratio (OR): 2.46; P =.001; CI: 1.44 (lower limit)-4.21 (upper limit)]. However, AIP did not emerge as a significant prognostic factor of NRP in multiple logistic regression analysis [OR: 2.11; P =.422; CI: 0.34 (lower limit)-13.11 (upper limit)]. On the other hand, peak troponin T (log10) was an independent prognostic factor for NRP [OR: 0.13; P <.001; CI: 0.10 (lower limit)-0.37 (upper limit)] occurrence. CONCLUSION: The AIP level on admission is not a statistically significant prognostic factor of NRP. However, peak troponin T (log10) is an independent prognostic parameter of NRP.
Atherogenic index of plasma: A valuable novel index to distinguish patients with unstable atherogenic plaques.; BACKGROUND: Plaque instability is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients. Numerous efforts have been made to figure out and manage unstable plaques prior to major cardiovascular events incidence. The current study aims to assess the values of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) to detect unstable plaques. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The current case-control study was conducted on 435 patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention due to chronic stable angina (stable plaques, n = 145) or acute coronary syndrome (unstable plaques, n = 290). The demographic, comorbidities, chronic medications, biochemical and hematological characteristics of the patients were entered into the study checklist. The baseline AIP was measured according to the formula of triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein logarithm. Binary logistic regression was applied to investigate the standalone association of AIP with plaque instability. Receiver operating curve (ROC) was depicted to determine a cut-off, specificity, and sensitivity of AIP in unstable plaques diagnosis. RESULTS: AIP was an independent predictor for atherogenic plaque unstability in both crude (odds ratio [OR]: 3.677, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.521-8.890; P = 0.004) and full-adjusted models (OR: 15, 95% CI: 2.77-81.157; P = 0.002). According to ROC curve, at cut-point level of 0.62, AIP had sensitivity and specificity of 89.70% and 34% to detect unstable plaques, respectively (area under the curve: 0.648, 95% CI: 0.601-0.692, P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: According to this study, at the threshold of 0.62, AIP as an independent biomarker associated with plaque instability can be considered a screening tool for patients at increased risk for adverse events due to unstable atherosclerotic plaques.
Cow's Milk Intake and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease in Korean Postmenopausal Women.; Numerous studies have reported conflicting results associated with cow’s milk intake and coronary heart disease (CHD). However, studies involving postmenopausal women are very limited. This study was therefore undertaken to identify the relationship between cow’s milk intake and CHD risk in postmenopausal women, using data from the 6th period of the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2013−2015). A total of 1825 postmenopausal women, aged 50−64 years old, were included in the final analysis. The frequency of cow’s milk consumption for each subject was determined using the semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, and was classified into four groups (Q1−Q4): Q1, group that did not drink milk (no milk, n = 666); Q2, 0 < frequency of milk intake per week ≤ 1 (n = 453); Q3, 1 < frequency of milk intake per week ≤ 3 (n = 319); and Q4, frequency of milk intake >3 times per week (n = 387). General characteristics, such as education, living area, household income, and obesity level, were compared between the four groups. Percentages of daily nutrient intake compared to the dietary reference intake for Koreans (KDRIs) were determined, and the Framingham Risk Score (FRS), atherogenic index (AI), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were determined as the CHD risk indicators. Except household income, no significant difference was obtained among the four groups with respect to age, education, living area, or obesity. Compared to KDRIs, the intake ratio of calcium, phosphorus, and riboflavin were significantly higher in the Q4 group than in the Q1−Q3 groups. Blood HDL-cholesterol was significantly higher in Q4 than in Q1. The CHD risk factors FRS (%), AI, and AIP were significantly lower in the Q4 group as compared to the other groups (CHD risk (%): Q1 9.4, Q4 8.5; AI: Q1 3.06, Q4 2.83; API: Q1 0.37, Q2 0.31, Q4 0.32). FRS was determined to be significantly and positively correlated to AI or AIP, and negatively correlated with the cow’s milk intake frequency and calcium intake. In conclusion, compared to women who do not consume cow’s milk, postmenopausal women who consume cow’s milk frequently have a better nutritional status of calcium, phosphorus, and vitamin B12, higher HDL levels, and a lower level of CHD risk indicators, such as FRS, AI, and AIP, contributing to decreased CHD risk in a 10-year period. Therefore, to prevent the risk of CHD in postmenopausal women, there needs to be a greater emphasis for cow’s milk consumption four or more times per week.
The association between the AIP and undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients with different body mass indexes and LDL-C levels: findings from the CCC-ACS project.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been demonstrated to be significantly associated with the incidence of prediabetes and diabetes. This study aimed to investigate the association between the AIP and undiagnosed diabetes in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients. METHODS: Among 113,650 ACS patients treated with coronary angiography at 240 hospitals in the Improving Care for Cardiovascular Disease in China-ACS Project from 2014 to 2019, 11,221 patients with available clinical and surgical information were included. We analyzed these patients' clinical characteristics after stratification according to AIP tertiles, body mass index (BMI) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. RESULTS: The AIP was independently associated with a greater incidence of undiagnosed diabetes. The undiagnosed diabetes was significantly greater in the T3 group than in the T1 group after adjustment for confounders [T3 OR 1.533 (1.199-1.959) p < 0.001]. This relationship was consistent within normal weight patients and patients with an LDL-C level ≥ 1.8 mmol/L. In overweight and obese patients, the AIP was significantly associated with the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes as a continuous variable after adjustment for age, sex, and BMI but not as a categorical variable. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of the AIP score, triglyceride (TG) concentration, and HDL-C concentration was 0.601 (0.581-0.622; p < 0.001), 0.624 (0.603-0.645; p < 0.001), and 0.493 (0.472-0.514; p = 0.524), respectively. A nonlinear association was found between the AIP and the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients (p for nonlinearity < 0.001), and this trend remained consistent between males and females. The AIP may be a negative biomarker associated with undiagnosed diabetes ranging from 0.176 to 0.738. CONCLUSION: The AIP was significantly associated with the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients, especially in those with normal weight or an LDL-C level ≥ 1.8 mmol/L. A nonlinear relationship was found between the AIP and the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes, and this trend was consistent between male and female patients. The AIP may be a negative biomarker associated with undiagnosed diabetes and ranges from 0.176 to 0.738.
Small Dense LDL Level and LDL/HDL Distribution in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients.; This study aimed to determine the size and distribution of LDL and HDL particles in North African acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients and to compare the level of small dense LDL (sdLDL) to other markers used in cardiovascular risk prediction. METHODS: A total of 205 ACS patients and 100 healthy control subjects were enrolled. LDL particle size and LDL and HDL subclass distributions were measured using Quantimetric Lipoprint(®) linear polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Lipid ratios (total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol) were determined to calculate the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli's Risk-I (CR-I), and Castelli's Risk-II (CR-II). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses and area under the curve (AUC) were used to assess the predictive value of sdLDL as a marker for cardiovascular disease. RESULTS: The ACS patients, compared to the healthy control subjects, displayed an alteration of LDL particle distribution, with a significant increase in sdLDL serum concentrations (0.303 ± 0.478 mmol/L vs. 0.0225 ± 0.043 mmol/L, respectively, p < 0.001). The sdLDL levels had a high discrimination accuracy [AUC = 0.847 ± 0.0353 (95% CI 0.778 to 0.916, p < 0.0001)]. The best predictive cutoff value of ACS determined with the maximum Youden index (J) [(sensitivity + specificity) - 1 = 0.60] was 0.038 mmol/L. A Spearman correlation analysis showed that sdLDL levels were moderately but significantly and positively correlated with AC and CR-I (r = 0.37, p < 0.001) and weakly but significantly correlated with PAI and CR-II; r = 0.32 (p < 0.001) and r = 0.30 (p < 0.008), respectively. The subclass distribution of HDL particles from ACS patients was also altered, with a decrease in large HDL particles and an increase in small HDL particles compared to HDL from healthy control subjects. CONCLUSION: Due to their high atherogenicity, sdLDL levels could be used as a valuable marker for the prediction cardiovascular events.
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery calcification progression in Korean adults.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia is a well-known risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recently, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been proposed as a novel predictive marker for CVD, and few cross sectional studies have demonstrated a relationship between AIP and coronary artery disease. The present study investigated the association between AIP and the progression of coronary artery calcification (CAC) in Korean adults without CVD. METHODS: A total of 1124 participants who had undergone CAC measurement at least twice by multi-detector computed tomography (CT) at a health check-up center were enrolled. Their anthropometric measurements and various cardiovascular risk factors were assessed. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the concentration of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C). CAC progression was defined as either incident CAC in a CAC-free population at baseline, or an increase of ≥2.5 units between the square roots of the baseline and follow-up coronary artery calcium scores (CACS) in subjects with detectable CAC at baseline. RESULTS: CAC progression was observed in 290 subjects (25.8%) during the mean follow-up of 4.2 years. All subjects were stratified into three groups according to AIP. There were significant differences in cardiovascular parameters among groups at baseline. The follow-up CAC and the incidence of CAC progression increased gradually with rising AIP tertiles. In logistic regression analysis, the odds ratio for CAC progression was 2.27 when comparing the highest to the lowest tertile of AIP (95% CI: 1.61-3.19; P for trend < 0.01). However, this association was attenuated after adjustment for multiple risk factors (P for trend = 0.67). CONCLUSIONS: There is a significant correlation between AIP and the progression of CAC in subjects without CVD. Although AIP was not an independent predictor of CAC progression, AIP should be considered when estimating the current as well as future CVD risk, along with other traditional risk factors.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP): A marker of cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the cause of one third of deaths worldwide and this will progress because of increasing CVD's risk factors. The most basic task of dealing with the epidemic of CVD is primary prevention of risk factors. As Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a strong marker to predict the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease, we assessed the correlation between AIP and other important factors. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was a part of national non-communicable risk factors surveillance system data that has been established since 2004 in Iran. This was done on 1000 people between 2008 and 2010. The study was approved by Ethics Committee of Mashhad University of Medical Science. Chi square, Mann-Whitney U, correlation tests were used in this study. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS version 11. In all calculations, p <0.05 was considered as statistically significant level. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 500 men and 500 women with mean±SD age 41.9±14.2 years. According to the AIP category, 9.8% (98) were in low risk group, 12.7% (127) were in intermediate risk and 77.5% (775) were in increased risk of CVD. AIP was significantly correlated with waist circumference (r=0.35, p<0.001), BMI (r=0.33, p<0.001) and physical activity (r=-0.09, p<0.01). CONCLUSION: AIP can be used as a regular monitoring index of CVD in every day practice, especially in persons with other cardiovascular risk factors.
Reply to the letter to the editor: [Comment on "The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention].; We have read with a great pleasure the letter of Dr. Cure et al. to the editor about our recent study which showed an association between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and no-reflow in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Dr Cure raises concerns about the miscalculation of AIP value that suggested choosing 'mmol/l' in equation instead of 'mg/dl'. As the AIP is the logarithmic transformation of triglyceride/high density lipoprotein; 'mmol/l' and an alternatively 'mg/dl' units can be used in the equation to calculate AIP values. Cure et al. also argue that our patients' lipoprotein levels were lower than expected. However, in a population based study and in several studies which were held in Turkey, the mean values of lipoprotein levels in Turkish population were nearly similar with our study population findings. We thank the authors' letter for pointing out these issues which we hope to have addressed.
Corrigendum: Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in the adult population: A meta-analysis.; [This corrects the article DOI: 10.3389/fcvm.2021.817441.].
Evaluating the use of novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in predicting the risk of coronary artery disease: a case‒control investigation with comparison to traditional biomarkers.; BACKGROUND: Due to the contribution of coronary artery disease (CAD) to serious cardiovascular events, determining biomarkers that could robustly predict its risk would be of utmost importance. Thus, this research was designed to assess the value of traditional cardio-metabolic indices, and more novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in the identification of individuals at risk of CAD. METHODS: A case‒control survey was conducted, in which 3085 individuals were enrolled. Their clinical and biochemical data were gathered at baseline. The investigated indices included the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, TyG-body mass index (TyG-BMI), lipoprotein combine index (LCI), cholesterol index (CHOLINDEX), Castelli's risk indices-I, II (CRI-I, CRI-II), and metabolic score for insulin resistance (METS - IR). To examine the relationship between these variables and CAD risk, multiple regression analyses adjusted for potential confounders were conducted. RESULTS: Overall, 774 angiographically confirmed CAD patients (mean age = 54 years) were compared with 3085 controls (mean age = 51 years). Higher triglyceride, total cholesterol and fasting blood sugar levels and lower HDL-C levels were related to an elevated risk of CAD (P-for-trend < 0.001), while the direct association between increased serum LDL-C concentrations and a greater risk of CAD only became apparent when excluding those with diabetes, and statin users. Among novel indices, greater values of the majority of these markers, including AIP, CRI-I, and -II, CHOLINDEX, LCI, and TyG-index, in comparison to the lower values, significantly elevated CAD risk (P-for-trend < 0.001). CONCLUSION: According to the current findings, novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers, in particular, AIP, CRI-I and II, CHOLINDEX, LCI, and TyG-index, may be useful in predicting CAD risk.
The atherogenic index of plasma and its impact on recanalization of chronic total occlusion.; BACKGROUND: The plasma-derived atherogenic index (AIP) is associated with an increasing risk for cardiovascular diseases. Whether an increased AIP may predict the complexity of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) of chronic total occlusion (CTO), according to available research, has never been investigated before. METHODS: Three hundred seventeen patients were included prospectively and treated with PCI for at least one CTO between 2012 and 2017. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG) plasma levels were measured 24 h before PCI. All patients were stratified into tertiles of AIP (defined as 0.11, 0.11-0.21, > 0.21) based on their TG/HDL-C (AIP) levels. RESULTS: Mean AIP of all patients undergoing CTO-PCI was 0.53 ± 0.29. The majority of patients were male (82.6%), and mean age was 61 ± 10.4 years. Increased AIP > 0.21 was associated with longer occlusion length (statistical trend p = 0.082) and stent routes (p = 0.022) and with a higher number of implanted stents (n > 4) (statistical trend p = 0.072). Success rates were similar in all AIP categories (p = 0.461). In-hospital PCI-related complications were rare and not statistically different (p = 0.852). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates for the first time that an increased AIP may predict the complexity of CTO-PCI and additionally may help to improve planning and quality of CTO-PCI.
Reply to the letter to the editor: [Letter by Yue J, et al. regarding article 'The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and noreflow in patients with acute ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention'].; We have read with a great pleasure the letter of Yue J, et al. to the editor about our recent study which showed an association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Yue J, et al. raises concerns about the timing of blood collection, whether if it was taken before the emergency intervention or after. In emergency department, while performing intravenous line, the blood samples for blood biochemistry and whole blood count were also taken from the patients. Another concern of the author was the timing of left ventricular ejection fraction measurement (LVEF). LVEF measurements were obtained before the emergency intervention and some were after the intervention, but before the patient discharge. In our study we included the LVEF in our model, because we could not ignore that modeling which was comprehensively used in recent studies on relation of LVEF and no-reflow. We designed this statistical model not only for the no-reflow prediction but also for the explanation of the no-reflow pathophysiology. We thank the authors' letter for pointing out these issues that we hope to have addressed.
Correlation between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in males of different ages: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) as a newly discovered blood lipid parameter was shown to be strongly correlated with coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the blood lipid levels changed with age, so we speculated that the correlation between AIP and CAD was also affected by age. METHODS: A retrospective study was performed on male patients with confirmed or suspected CAD who underwent coronary angiography (CAG) from July 2017 to March 2021. Patients were divided into younger, middle early, middle late, and elderly groups. Patients in each age group were further divided into the non-coronary artery disease (n-CAD) and CAD subgroups according to the CAG diagnostic results. The relationship between blood lipid parameters and CAD was assessed in each age group. RESULTS: Age-dependent changes of blood lipid levels were mainly found in CAD patients but not in n-CAD patients. With increased age, the levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and AIP were gradually decreased, whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was increased in CAD patients. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in middle early (OR 2.601; CI 1.160-5.832, P = 0.02) and middle late age group (OR 2.707, CI 1.201-6.100, P = 0.016), but not in the younger and elderly groups. LDL-C was an independent risk factor for CAD in all age groups. The areas under curve of AIP for detecting CAD in the middle early and middle late age groups were not higher than that of other blood lipid parameters. CONCLUSION: Although this was a single-center study for males only, the correlation between AIP level and CAD risk was age-dependent. AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in the middle-aged groups. However, the predictive value of AIP for detecting CAD was not better than that of the traditional blood lipid parameters such as LDL-C.
Association of Atherogenic Index of Plasma With Angiographic Progression in Patients With Suspected Coronary Artery Disease.; The present study aimed to explore the correlation of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with angiographic progression of coronary artery disease (CAD). AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. The extent of coronary lesion was assessed by the Gensini Score (GS) system and angiographic progression was defined as the GS rate of change per year >1 point. A total of 896 patients with suspected CAD who underwent coronary computed tomography angiography twice at intervals of >6 months were included. Baseline AIP was positively correlated with remnant cholesterol (r = .644, P < .001). When patients were assigned into four groups according to baseline AIP quartiles, the incidence of CAD progression significantly increased across the quartiles of AIP (Q1 [lowest]: 23.7 vs Q2: 29.9 vs Q3: 33.9 vs Q4 [highest]: 34.8%; P = .042). After multivariate adjustment, the odds ratio for CAD progression was 1.89 when comparing the highest to the lowest quartile of AIP (95% confidence interval: 1.18-3.02; P = .008). Therefore, AIP was independently correlated with angiographic progression of CAD beyond conventional risk factors, suggesting that AIP may play a role in early risk stratification as a simple surrogate of residual risk.
[Atherogenic index and its association with acute coronary ischemic syndrome mortality].; BACKGROUND: Several indexes have been developed to define the risk attributable to lipid metabolism with a single value. The total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (TC/HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein (LDL-C/HDL-C) ratios are the most used. The higher the value of these ratios, the greater the probability of cardiovascular events. OBJECTIVE: To identify whether the TC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C ratios are early prognostic markers of mortality and major cardiovascular events in patients with ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 265 patients with ST-segment elevation acute coronary ischemic syndrome were included, divided into 4 groups according to the values of the atherogenic indices. Mortality and major cardiovascular events at 30-day follow-up were analyzed. Comparison of the groups was performed using the chi-squared test or ANOVA, depending on the case (p < 0.05). RESULTS: The cut-off point for the TC/HDL-C index was 6.9 and for the LDL-C/HDL-C it was 2.7. The comparative analysis of groups showed that cardiovascular death and arrhythmia were higher in group 3 (p = 0.006 and p = 0.003, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: TC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C indexes can be used as prognostic markers of cardiovascular mortality in the first 30 days of follow-up.
Correlation of Serum Retinol and Atherogenic Indices in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.; Dyslipidemia is an important risk factor for atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease, leading to mortality and morbidity in subjects with T2DM. This risk is higher in subjects with diabetes who are on retinoid therapy for some other indication, where hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and low serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and sudden cardiovascular deaths have been reported. Our study aimed to find the correlation of serum retinol and atherogenic index (AI) in subjects with T2DM and compare them with healthy controls. We found there was a significant difference in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index, waist circumference, waist hip ratio, total cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), the atherogenic ratio of cholesterol (ARC), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and AI between the two groups. There was a significant positive correlation of serum retinol with TC, TG, LDL-C, Non-HDL-C, ARC, AIP, and AI. In our study we found an association of serum retinol with atherogenic index and dyslipidemia in subjects with T2DM. Serum retinol can be a novel predictor of cardiovascular risk in subjects with T2DM.
Atherogenic index of plasma predicts cerebrovascular accident occurrence in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis.; BACKGROUND: To investigate whether atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) at diagnosis is associated with the occurrence of cerebrovascular accident (CVA) or coronary artery disease (CAD) in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis (AAV). METHODS: The medical records of 167 AAV patients on initial diagnosis was reviewed, and 300 healthy controls were included. AIP was calculated using the following equation: AIP = Log (triglyceride [mg/dL] / high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [mg/dL]). AAV patients were divided into two groups according to the AIP cut-off of 0.11. The event of stroke, transient ischemic attack, and cerebral hemorrhage was recorded as CVA, and CAD events consisted of either myocardial infarction and angina pectoris. CVA- and CAD- free survival rate between those with AIP ≥ 0.11 and < 0.11 were compared by the Kaplan-Meier analysis, and Cox hazard analysis was conducted to identify predictors of CVA. RESULTS: The median age of AAV patients were 59.0 years, and 54 (32.3%) patients were male. One-hundred and fifteen (68.9%) patients had AIP < 0.11 and 52 (31.1%) had AIP ≥ 0.11. The mean Birmingham vasculitis activity score in AAV patients with AIP < 0.11 was lower than that seen in patients with AIP ≥ 0.11 (12.0 vs. 14.0, P = 0.041). AAV patients had a significantly higher AIP compared to controls (mean - 0.01 vs. -0.10, P < 0.001). During follow-up, the occurrence of CVA and CAD was observed in 16 (9.6%) and 14 (8.4%) patients, respectively. In Kaplan-Meier analysis, AAV patients with AIP ≥ 0.11 had significantly lower CVA-free survival rates than in those with AIP < 0.11 (P = 0.027), whereas there was no difference in CAD according to AIP (P = 0.390). Multivariable Cox analysis indicated that AIP ≥ 0.11 at diagnosis was the sole predictor of CVA (Hazard ratio 3.392, 95% confidence interval 1.076, 10.696, P = 0.037). CONCLUSIONS: AIP is significantly higher in AAV patients than in healthy controls, and AIP ≥ 0.11 at diagnosis is a significant predictor of CVA during follow-up. Stringent surveillance should be provided in AAV patients with AIP ≥ 0.11 regarding the occurrence of CVA. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Retrospectively registered (4-2017-0673).
Cross-Tissue Regulatory Gene Networks in Coronary Artery Disease.; Inferring molecular networks can reveal how genetic perturbations interact with environmental factors to cause common complex diseases. We analyzed genetic and gene expression data from seven tissues relevant to coronary artery disease (CAD) and identified regulatory gene networks (RGNs) and their key drivers. By integrating data from genome-wide association studies, we identified 30 CAD-causal RGNs interconnected in vascular and metabolic tissues, and we validated them with corresponding data from the Hybrid Mouse Diversity Panel. As proof of concept, by targeting the key drivers AIP, DRAP1, POLR2I, and PQBP1 in a cross-species-validated, arterial-wall RGN involving RNA-processing genes, we re-identified this RGN in THP-1 foam cells and independent data from CAD macrophages and carotid lesions. This characterization of the molecular landscape in CAD will help better define the regulation of CAD candidate genes identified by genome-wide association studies and is a first step toward achieving the goals of precision medicine.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Monocyte-to-Lymphocyte Ratio for Predicting Subclinical Coronary Artery Disease.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, and monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR) are strongly associated with atherogenesis of the coronary artery. This study aimed to investigate the association of the AIP, TyG index, and MLR with subclinical coronary artery disease (CAD) and evaluate their ability to predict subclinical CAD. METHODS: A total of 697 asymptomatic patients were enrolled in this study and assigned to the subclinical CAD group (n=332) and control group (n=365). The clinical data, coronary artery calcification score, and calculated AIP, TyG index, and MLR were collected by graduate students in the cardiology division. Multivariate logistic regression models were set up to assess the risk factors for subclinical CAD. RESULTS: The AIP, TyG index and MLR values were higher in the subclinical CAD group than in the control group (all P<0.05). In addition to the classic independent clinical risk factors, increased AIP, TyG index and MLR values were all independent risk factors for subclinical CAD (all P<0.05). The AUCs were higher after combining clinical risk factors than the AIP, TyG index, or MLR alone (all P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The AIP, TyG index and MLR are independent risk factors for subclinical CAD, which can be useful for improving the diagnosis and prevention of CAD.
Taurine in health and diseases: consistent evidence from experimental and epidemiological studies.; Taurine (T) was first noted as beneficial for stroke and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) prevention in genetic rat models, stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP). The preventive mechanisms of T were ascribed to sympathetic modulation for reducing blood pressure (BP) and anti-inflammatory action. Recent epidemiological surveys revealed the involvement of inflammatory mediators in the pathogenesis of stroke and also atherosclerosis for which T was proven to be effective experimentally. Arterio-lipidosis prone rats, a substrain of SHRSP selectively bred for higher reactive hypercholesterolemia, quickly develop not only arterial fat deposition but also fatty liver which could be attenuated by dietary T supplementation. CARDIAC (CVD and Alimentary Comparison) Study was a WHO-coordinated multi-center epidemiological survey on diets and CVD risks and mortalities in 61 populations. Twenty-four-hour urinary (24U) T was inversely related significantly with coronary heart disease mortality. Higher 24U-T excreters had significantly lower body mass index, systolic and diastolic BP, total cholesterol (T-Cho), and atherogenic index (AI: T-Cho/high density lipoprotein-cholesterol) than lower T excreters. T effects on CVD risks were intensified in individuals whose 24U-T and -magnesium (M) excretions were higher. Furthermore, higher Na excreters with higher heart rate whose BP were significantly higher than those with lower heart rate were divided into two groups by the mean of 24U-T, high and low T excreters. Since the former showed significantly lower BP than the latter, T may beneficially affect salt-sensitive BP rise. Included among the typical 61 populations, were Guiyang, China or St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada where in which the means of both 24U-T and -M were high or low, respectively. The former and the latter had low and high CVD risks, respectively. Australian Aboriginals living at the coastal area in Victoria were supposed to eat T- and M-rich bush and sea foods and be free from CVD 200 years ago, but they presently have nearly the highest CVD risks indicating that T- and/or M-containing seafood, vegetables, fruits, nuts, milk, etc, similar to prehistoric hunters' and gatherers' food should be good for CVD prevention. The preventive effects of T, good for health and longevity, first noted experimentally, were also proven epidemiologically in humans.
Success and failure of cardiovascular disease prevention in Czech Republic over the past 30 years. Czech part of the EUROASPIRE I-IV surveys.; Cardiovascular (CV) mortality was reduced more than 50 % in the Czech population at the turn of the century, due to an improvement of major CV risk factors in the general population, interventional procedures implemented into the treatment of acute coronary events, and new drugs (ACE inhibitors, statins etc.) for CV prevention (Czech MONICA and post-MONICA studies, 1985-2008). An insufficient level of preventive efforts is described in the Czech patients after acute coronary syndrome (Czech part of the EUROASPIRE studies, 1995-2013). Drug underdosing and wrong patients' compliance to life style and drug therapy recommendations represent two main reasons of this unsatisfactory situation. The residual vascular risk of patients with stable coronary heart disease (CHD) is still high due to a poor control of conventional risk factors on the one hand, and due to increasing weight and glucose metabolism abnormalities on the other hand. Patients with insulin resistance and glucose disorders have more frequently non LDL C dyslipidemia (atherogenic dyslipidemia), hypertriglyceridemic waist and high atherogenic index of plasma (AIP>0.24), i.e. markers of residual CV risk. Among others increased dose of statins and combined lipid modifying therapy should be implemented in patients with CHD, diabetes or metabolic syndrome.
Prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolic indices in patients with acute coronary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Triglyceride (TG) and its related metabolic indices, all recognized as surrogates of insulin resistance, have been demonstrated to be relevant to clinical prognosis. However, the relative value of these TG-related indices for predicting cardiovascular events among patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) has not been examined. METHODS: The TG, the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, the atherogenic index of plasma, TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and the lipoprotein combine index were assessed in 1694 ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE), which was the composite of all-cause mortality, stroke, myocardial infarction, or unplanned repeat revascularization. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 31 months, 345 patients (20.4%) had MACE. The risk of the MACE was increased with higher TG and the four TG-derived metabolic indices [TG-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 1.002, 95% CI: 1.001-1.003; TyG index-adjusted HR = 1.736, 95% CI: 1.398-2.156; atherogenic index of plasma-adjusted HR = 2.513, 95% CI: 1.562-4.043; TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio-adjusted HR = 1.148, 95% CI: 1.048-1.258; and lipoprotein combine index-adjusted HR = 1.009, 95% CI: 1.004-1.014; P < 0.001 for all indices]. TG and all the four indices significantly improved the predictive ability for MACE in addition to the baseline model. Among them, TyG index showed the best ability for predicting MACE compared with the other three indices from all the three measurements ( P < 0.05 for all comparison). CONCLUSIONS: TG and TG-derived metabolic indices were all strongly associated with MACE among ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Among all the indices, TyG index showed the best ability to predict the risk of MACE.
Atherogenic index of plasma is associated with epicardial adipose tissue volume assessed on coronary computed tomography angiography.; The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel biomarker of atherogenic dyslipidaemia (AD), but its relationship with cardiac adipose tissue depots is unknown. We aimed to assess the association of AD with cardiac adipose tissue parameters on coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). We studied 161 patients who underwent CCTA between 2008 and 2011 (age 59.0 ± 14.0 years). AD was defined as triglyceride (TG) > 1.7 mmol/L and HDL < 1.0 mmol/L (n = 34). AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithmic ratio of TG to HDL. Plaque burden was assessed using the CT-Leaman score (CT-LeSc). We studied volume and attenuation of epicardial adipose tissue (EAT-v and EAT-a) and pericoronary adipose tissue (PCAT-v and PCAT-a) on CCTA using semi-automated software. Patients with AD had higher PCAT-v (p = 0.042) and EAT-v (p = 0.041). AIP was associated with EAT-v (p = 0.006), type II diabetes (p = 0.009) and male sex (p < 0.001) and correlated with CT-LeSc (p = 0.040). On multivariable analysis, AIP was associated with EAT-v ≥ 52.3 cm(3), age, male sex and type II diabetes when corrected for traditional risk factors and plaque burden. AIP is associated with increased EAT volume, but not PCAT-a, after multivariable adjustment. These findings indicate AIP is associated with adverse adipose tissue changes which may increase coronary risk.
Atherogenic index of plasma and its cardiovascular risk factor correlates among patients with type 2 diabetes in Uganda.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a reliable predictor of coronary artery disease. There is paucity of data on AIP and its correlates among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) in Uganda. OBJECTIVE: To assess the profile of AIP and its cardiovascular risk factor correlates among patients with T2D in Uganda. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in 8 health facilities with established T2D clinics in Central-Uganda. The study enrolled 500 patients aged 40 to 79 years. Data was collected on socio-demographic characteristics, lipid profile and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). The AIP was derived using log (triglycerides/high-density cholesterol) and further categorised as low cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk if the AIP was <0.1, intermediate risk (0.1-0.24) and high risk (≥0.24). Cardiovascular risk factors were defined according to international guidelines.Stata version 14 was used to analyse data, Pearson correlation analyses were conducted. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05. RESULTS: There were 389(77.4%) females with a mean age of 55.07±8. 979 years. Low-risk was found in 43.6%, intermediate risk in 20.2% and high risk in 36.2% of the participants. AIP significantly correlated with waist circumference (r=0.1095, p<0.0147), waist-hip ratio (r=0.1926, p<0.001), Casteri Risk Index I (r=0.506, r=<0.001), Casteri Risk Index II (r=0.246, p<0.001) and atherogenic coefficient (r=0.186, p<0.001). Insignificant correlation was observed between AIP and fasting blood sugar (r=0.017, p=0.7042), HBA1C (r=0.0108, p=0.8099) and diabetes duration (r=0.0445, p=0.32). CONCLUSIONS: AIP is significantly elevated and correlated with cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2D. In clinical management, this may be a useful tool in risk stratifying patients with T2D.
Atherogenic index of plasma is related to coronary atherosclerotic disease in elderly individuals: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidaemia plays an important role in coronary atherosclerotic disease (CAD). The relationship between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and CAD in elderly individuals was explored in this study. METHODS: Elderly individuals (age ≥ 65 years) who underwent coronary angiography from January 2016 to October 2020 were consecutively enrolled in the study. RESULTS: A total of 1313 individuals, including 354 controls (non-CAD) and 959 CAD patients, were enrolled. In univariate analysis of all populations, the adjusted AIP (aAIP) in the CAD group was 1.13 (0.96, 1.3), which was significantly higher than that in the controls [1.07 (0.89, 1.26)]. However, in subgroup analyses, this phenomenon was only present in males. In addition, further study showed that aAIP was positively related to CAD severity. In binary logistic regression analyses, after adjusting for sex, age, smoking status, primary hypertension (PH), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), heart rate (HR), white blood cell (WBC) and platelet (PLT), AIP remained independently related to CAD in elderly individuals and was superior to traditional and other nontraditional lipid indices. Subgroup analyses showed that AIP independently influenced CAD risk in males. Ultimately, sensitivity analyses were performed excluding all coronary emergencies, and the final results were similar. CONCLUSIONS: AIP was positively related to the risk and severity of CAD in elderly individuals and was superior to traditional and other nontraditional lipid profiles. However, this association only exists in elderly males.
The combined predictive power of the atherogenic index of plasma and serum glycated albumin for cardiovascular events in postmenopausal patients with acute coronary syndrome after percutaneous coronary intervention.; BACKGROUND: Glycated Albumin (GA) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) are two important biomarkers that respectively reflect lipid and glucose levels. Previous research has revealed their roles in cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and diabetes. However, their combined predictive ability in forecasting cardiovascular events (CVE) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) among postmenopausal acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients remains insufficiently studied. METHODS: Based on the levels of AIP (AIP-L and AIP-H) and GA (GA-L and GA-H), four groups were used to categorize the patients. The CVE assessed included cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) and nonfatal stroke. To evaluate the relationship between AIP, GA, and CVE, multivariate Cox regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: 98 patients (7.5%) experienced CVE during follow-up. AIP and GA were revealed as strong independent predictors of CVE through multivariate analysis (AIP: HR 3.324, 95%CI 1.732-6.365, P = 0.004; GA: HR 1.098, 95% CI 1.023-1.177, P = 0.009). In comparison to those in the initial group (AIP-L and GA-L), the fourth group (AIP-H and GA-H) of patients exhibited the greatest CVE risk (HR 2.929, 95% CI 1.206-5.117, P = 0.018). Derived from the model of baseline risk, the combination of AIP + GA significantly enhanced the AUC, meanwhile combining AIP and GA levels maximized prognostic accuracy in the baseline risk model. CONCLUSIONS: This study found that the combined measurement of AIP and GA significantly enhanced the predictive capability for CVE following PCI in postmenopausal ACS patients. By integrating these two biomarkers, it became possible to more accurately identify high-risk individuals and provided clinicians with new predictive tools for postmenopausal ACS patients in risk assessment and management.
The Atherogenic Index of Plasma: A Powerful and Reliable Predictor for Coronary Artery Disease in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes.; We evaluated the predictive power of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A total of 3278 patients who underwent coronary angiography were consecutively enrolled, including 2052 patients with CAD and 1226 patients with T2DM but without CAD. Patients in the CAD group had higher levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, AIP and a lower level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). In correlation analyses, AIP correlated positively with body mass index, log (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), TG, remnant lipoprotein cholesterol, non-HDL-C, but negatively with age and HDL-C. Multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in diabetic patients and was validated by multiple models. Furthermore, the ORs for CAD risk were raised with increasing AIP quartiles; ORs of AIP quartiles Q2-Q4 compared with Q1 were 1.56, 1.70, and 2.22, respectively (Ps < .001), which suggested AIP was the lipid parameter that most strongly associated with incident CAD. In conclusion, AIP is a powerful and reliable biomarker for predicting CAD risk beyond individual lipid profiles in patients with T2DM.
The relation between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes in prediabetic individuals with unstable angina pectoris.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel biomarker associated with atherosclerosis, and an important risk factor for atherosclerosis, but its relation with cardiovascular prognosis in prediabetic patients with unstable angina pectoris (UAP) is still uncertain. METHODS: This study included 1096 prediabetic patients with UAP who were subjected to follow-up for a maximum of 30 months, with cardiac death, refractory angina, and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) being the primary cardiovascular endpoints. RESULTS: A significantly increased AIP was observed for the group with primary cardiovascular endpoints. Kaplan-Meier curves corresponding to these endpoints revealed pronounced differences between these two AIP groups (Log-rank P < 0.001). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analyses highlighted AIP as being independent related to this primary endpoint (HR 1.308, 95% CI: 1.213-1.412, P < 0.001). AIP addition to the baseline risk model improved the prediction of the primary endpoint (AUC: baseline model, 0.622, vs. baseline model + AIP, 0.739, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: AIP could be used to predict cardiovascular events in prediabetic individuals with UAP.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma Is an Independent Risk Factor for Coronary Artery Disease and a Higher SYNTAX Score.; We aimed to identify the best diagnostic cutoff value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for coronary artery disease (CAD) and its correlation with the SYNTAX score (SS). From January 2016 to December 2019, 2253 patients with CAD and 1347 non-CAD patients with complete data were included in the study. Coronary angiography was performed using the Judkins technique, and the SS was calculated using network software. There were differences in age, body mass index, total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and AIP between groups (all P < .01). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD and a high SS (SS ≥ 23) with adjusted odds ratios of 2.248 (95% CI: 1.666-3.032, P < .01) and 1.623 (95% CI: 1.118-2.358, P < .01) per standard deviation increase. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the best diagnostic cutoff value of AIP for the prediction of CAD and SS ≥ 23 was 2.035 and 2.23, the specificity was 61.8% and 65.7%, the sensitivity was 76.4% and 54.9%, the Youden index was 0.382 and 0.206, and the area under the curve was 0.733 (95% CI: 0.717-0.750, P < .01) and 0.653 (95% CI: 0.630-0.676, P < .01). Atherogenic index of plasma, as a biomarker, may assist in the prevention of CAD in the Chinese population.
Atherogenic index of plasma predicts coronary artery disease severity and major adverse cardiac events in absence of conventional risk factors.; BACKGROUND: Various overlapping risk factors lead to coronary artery disease (CAD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a marker for CAD severity and progression. However, little is known about its contribution to the residual risk of CAD observed in the absence of all typical risk factors. METHODS: A prospective cohort study of 366 Indian patients undergoing coronary computed tomography (CT) angiography and diagnosed with stable CAD. Diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, smoking, previous CAD, alcohol or lipid-lowering medication intake, renal, liver or thyroid dysfunction were exclusion criteria. Coronary stenosis was graded using the CAD-reporting and data system (CAD-RADS™) system. Lipid profile, HbA1c, uric acid, highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and anthropometric measurements were taken. AIP, triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and total cholesterol (Tc)/HDLc ratios were calculated. Independent predictors of CAD severity and the occurrence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) during 2.57 (0.52) years of follow-up were identified using logistic regression and Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: Sixty patients experienced a MACE during a cumulative 887.03 person-years. HbA1c, uric acid, hsCRP, Tc/HDLc and AIP were independent predictors of severe coronary lesions (CAD-RADS 4,5) on multivariate analysis with odds ratio 4.52 (2.37-8.61), 1.41 (1.08-1.84), 1.33 (1.09-1.62), 1.76 (1.27-2.44) and 1.29 (1.11-1.50), respectively. Only AIP and Tc/HDLc were independent predictors of MACE with hazard ratios of 1.41 (1.20-1.65) and 1.78 (1.33-2.39) besides patient age and CAD severity. CONCLUSION: AIP is associated with both the severity of CAD and the occurrence of MACE within 3 years. It could serve as an effective marker of residual risk of CAD in patients devoid of traditional risk factors. Lipid-profile ratios, such as AIP are cost-effective and accessible parameters suitable for low and middle-income settings.
Predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma for chronic total occlusion before coronary angiography.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is calculated by logarithmic transformation of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations. Although previous studies have demonstrated that the AIP is associated with coronary artery disease, its association with chronic total occlusion (CTO) requires elucidation. HYPOTHESIS: We hypothesized that the AIP would have diagnostic value in cases of CTO and could be used to predict adverse events. METHODS: This study involved 1131 inpatients who underwent coronary angiography. Data on demographic and clinical characteristics, coronary artery stenosis rated by the Gensini score, and clinical assessment by the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events and thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) scores were collected by cardiovascular doctors. Serum AIP values were evaluated by logarithmic transformation of the ratio of TG and HDL-C concentrations. The correlations of AIP values with clinical parameters were assessed, and receiver-operating characteristic curves were constructed for CTO diagnosis. RESULTS: Overall, 1131 inpatients were assigned to the CTO (n = 398) and control (n = 733) groups. Compared with the control group, the CTO group showed a significantly higher AIP (p < .05). The AIP was positively correlated with body mass index, the TIMI score, the Gensini score, and stent length and was effective for the diagnosis and risk assessment of patients with CTO. Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that the AIP was an independent risk factor for CTO. The findings suggest that the AIP could predict the presence of CTO and disease severity.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Its Association with Risk Factors of Coronary Artery Disease and Nutrient Intake in Korean Adult Men: The 2013-2014 KNHANES.; Coronary artery disease (CAD) has been linked to one of the highest death rates globally. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) may be an important predictor of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, superior to the standard atherosclerotic lipid profile. This study investigated the relationship between AIP and obesity indices, blood glucose, lipid profile, and nutrient intake status in Korean adult men. The study included 1292 males aged ≥19 years old who participated in the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2013-2014. Participants were divided into four groups according to AIP quartiles, calculated as log (triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C)). Body mass index, waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, total cholesterol, TG, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased as AIP levels increased, whereas HDL-C level declined. As the level of AIP increased, intake of saturated fatty acid, calcium, phosphorus, riboflavin, milk, and dairy product decreased significantly, and the contribution rate of milk and dairy products to fat intake decreased. AIP was linked to obesity indices, blood glucose, and blood lipid profile in Korean men, suggesting that it could predict CAD.
The relationship between intracoronary thrombus burden and atherogenic index in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction.; OBJECTIVE: Increased coronary thrombus load is a strong predictor of adverse cardiovascular (CV) outcomes. Identifying predictors of intracoronary thrombus burden may contribute to the management of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). We aimed at evaluating the relationship between the atherogenic index (ATI) and coronary thrombus burden in patients presenting with STEMI. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 139 patients who presented with STEMI and underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention were included in this study. Angiographic thrombus burden was classified as previously defined in the myocardial infarction (TIMI) study group. RESULTS: The patients were divided into two groups as those with high and low thrombus load. Independent predictors of high thrombus burden were ATI (OR: 4.23, 95% CI: 2.38-7.5; p<0.001), serum creatinine level (OR: 17.4, 95% CI: 3.03-101.4; p=0.001) and non-LAD involvement (OR: 0.363, 95% CI: 0.14-0.92; p=0.034). The association of ATI with thrombus load was independent from HDL and TGL levels. CONCLUSIONS: The atherogenic index can be used as a reliable marker for increased coronary thrombus burden, which is associated with adverse CV outcomes.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma is an Independent Risk Factor for Contrast Induced Nephropathy in Patients With Non-ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction.; This study investigated the role of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in predicting contrast induced nephropathy (CIN) in patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention due to non-ST elevated myocardial infarction. Of these, 1644 patients were included in the study. Retrospective data of patients were obtained from hospital records. For the diagnosis of CIN, peri-procedural patient records were scanned. There was a significant difference between age, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, albumin, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, number of stenotic vessels, creatinine increase rate, baseline creatinine, hemoglobin, hematocrit, AIP, and two groups (CIN- and CIN+) (P < .05, for all). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent predictor of CIN (odds ratio: 20.352, 95% CI: 12.696-32.624, P < .001). Receiver operating characteristic analysis showed that AIP values of ≥.62 could predict CIN with a sensitivity of 70% and specificity of 58% for predicting CIN (area under curve = .710, P < .001). Atherogenic index of plasma may be helpful as a biomarker to predict CIN.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and the Risk of In-Stent Restenosis in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome beyond the Traditional Risk Factors.; AIM: Recently, the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been proposed as a novel, reliable plasma atherogenicity marker. This study aimed to investigate the association of AIP with the risk of in-stent restenosis (ISR) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). METHODS: This study retrospectively enrolled patients with ACS followed by angiography within 6 to 18 months after successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with a drug-eluting stent (DES). And the participants were divided into ISR or non-ISR groups based on the angiographic follow-up results. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of serum triglyceride (mmol/L) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mmol/L). RESULTS: This study recruited 1319 patients with ACS, 199 of which had ISR. Compared with the non-ISR group, patients in the ISR group had higher level of AIP (0.199±0.290 vs 0.131±0.282, p=0.002). In the multiple logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent risk factor for DES-ISR (OR=2.100, 95% CI 1.134 to 3.891, p=0.018). When we modulated AIP as a categorical variable, the risk of DES-ISR increased in quartile 4 compared to quartile 1 (OR=1.713, 95% CI 1.040 to 2.822, p=0.034). Furthermore, this association remains stable in various subgroups. Unexpectedly, the subgroup analysis suggested AIP and DES-ISR had a stronger positive association in individuals with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ＜1.8 mmol/L. CONCLUSIONS: AIP and the risk of DES-ISR were positively and independently correlated in patients with ACS, especially in those with an LDL-C ＜1.8 mmol/L.
Atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in China.; BACKGROUND: Non-diabetic coronary artery disease (CAD) patients are thought to encounter metabolic dysfunction and while these changes may be imperceptible to the patient they probably influence outcomes. At present, there is no system to support patients sensing these subtle changes, nor is there an established model for prognoses. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) index has already proven useful for atherosclerosis although further research is needed, especially for those without hyperglycemia. METHODS: This is a prospective study of 5538 non-diabetic CAD patients who had received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Participants were assigned to one of three groups according to their AIP index. High AIP index cases were then compared to low index patients according to major adverse cardiac events (MACE). Restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis was also conducted to investigate interrelations between AIP index levels and hazard ratios (HR) for MACEs. RESULTS: Patients with a high AIP index encountered metabolic dysfunction compared to those with a low AIP index i.e., higher Body Mass Index (BMI), Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), and uric acid as well as lower HDL-C. Each of the aforementioned interrelations were significant with p values of less than 0.001. There was also a significant increase in the number of MACEs in the high AIP index group compared to the low AIP index group (HR: 1.37, 95% CI 1.04-1.81; p = 0.025). A J-shaped RCS curve highlighted a change in the HR after the 0.18 juncture (HR per SD: 1.20, 95% CI 0.96-1.50). Further subgroup analysis supported the main findings, all with HRs greater than one. CONCLUSION: The AIP index could be used in prognostics for non-diabetic CAD patients 2 years after PCI. The relationship between hazard ratio and the AIP index appears to be J-shaped. Although, further multi-center studies designed for non-diabetic patients with potential metabolic dysfunction should be conducted to determine the value of the AIP index.
Atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis beyond traditional risk factors.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been suggested as a marker of plasma atherogenicity. This study aimed to assess the association between AIP and the rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis using serial coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). METHODS: A total of 1488 adults (60.9 ± 9.2 years, 58.9% male) who underwent serial CCTA with a median inter-scan period of 3.4 years were included. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the concentrations of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Rapid plaque progression (RPP) was defined as the change of percentage atheroma volume (PAV) ≥1.0%/year. All participants were divided into three groups based on AIP tertiles. RESULTS: Baseline total PAV (median [interquartile range (IQR)]) (%) (group I [lowest]: 1.91 [0.00, 6.21] vs. group II: 2.82 [0.27, 8.83] vs. group III [highest]: 2.70 [0.41, 7.50]), the annual change of total PAV (median [IQR]) (%/year) (group I: 0.27 [0.00, 0.81] vs. group II: 0.37 [0.04, 1.11] vs. group III: 0.45 [0.06, 1.25]), and the incidence of RPP (group I: 19.7% vs. group II: 27.3% vs. group III: 31.4%) were significantly different among AIP tertiles (all p < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression analysis, the risk of RPP was increased in group III (odds ratio: 1.52, 95% confidence interval: 1.02-2.26; p = 0.042) compared to group I after adjusting for clinical factors and baseline total PAV. CONCLUSIONS: Based on serial CCTA findings, AIP is an independent predictive marker for RPP beyond traditional risk factors.
HDL-cholesterol as a marker of coronary heart disease risk: the Québec cardiovascular study.; BACKGROUND: Primary as well as secondary prevention trials have shown the relevance of lowering LDL-cholesterol to reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. However, although the association between LDL-cholesterol and CHD is well recognized, there is a considerable overlap in the distribution of plasma LDL-cholesterol levels between CHD patients and healthy subjects. The objective of the present review article is to use data from the Quebec cardiovascular study to demonstrate that in men, a low HDL-cholesterol may be even more of a risk factor and a target for therapy than a high LDL-cholesterol. METHODS AND RESULTS: Results of the Quebec cardiovascular study, a prospective study of 2103 middle-aged men followed for a period of 5 years, have confirmed results of previous studies in showing that plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was an independent predictor of a first ischemic heart disease (IHD) event which included typical effort angina, coronary insufficiency, nonfatal myocardial infarction and coronary death. In addition, a reduced plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was found to have a greater impact than raised LDL-cholesterol on the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio), this ratio being the best variable of the traditional lipid profile for the prediction of IHD events in the Quebec cardiovascular study. However, a low HDL-cholesterol concentration is not often observed as an isolated disorder but also includes hypertriglyceridemia, elevated apo B concentration, and an increased proportion of small, dense LDL particles. These abnormalities are features of an insulin resistant-hyperinsulinemic state resulting from abdominal obesity. CONCLUSIONS: It is therefore recommended that we need to go beyond LDL-cholesterol measurement lowering therapy for the optimal management of CHD risk. Raising plasma HDL-cholesterol through weight loss and a healthy diet, by an increased physical activity and, if required, by proper pharmacotherapy is therefore a legitimate therapeutic target for the optimal prevention of CHD in a large proportion of high risk patients.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and carotid artery plaques in patients with coronary heart disease in different glucose metabolism states: an RCSCD-TCM study in Tianjin, China.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is considered a powerful biomarker of dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis (AS). However, limited evidence is available regarding the relationship between the AIP and carotid artery plaques (CAPs) in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). METHODS: This retrospective study included 9281 patients with CHD who underwent carotid ultrasound. Participants were divided according to the AIP tertiles: T1, AIP < 1.02; T2, 1.02 ≤ AIP < 1.25; and T3, AIP ≥ 1.25. The presence or absence of CAPs was assessed using carotid ultrasound. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between the AIP and CAPs in patients with CHD. The relationship between the AIP and CAPs was assessed according to sex, age, and glucose metabolic status. RESULTS: The baseline characteristics revealed significant differences in related parameters among patients with CHD after stratification into the three groups according to the AIP tertiles. Compared with T1, the odds ratio (OR) of T3 in patients with CHD was 1.53 (95% confidence interval [CI]:1.35-1.74). The association between AIP and CAPs was higher in females (OR: 1.63; 95% CI: 1.38-1.92) than in males (OR: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.12-1.70). The OR for patients aged ≤60 years (OR: 1.40; 95% CI: 1.14-1.71) was lower than that for patients aged >60 years (OR: 1.49; 95% CI: 1.26-1.76). AIP was significantly associated with the risk of CAPs formation in different glucose metabolic states, with diabetes having the highest OR value (OR: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.19-1.43). CONCLUSION: The AIP and CAPs were significantly associated in patients with CHD, and the association was higher in female than in male patients. The association was lower in patients aged ≤60 years than in patients aged >60 years. Under different glucose metabolism statuses, the association between the AIP and the CAPs among patients with CHD was highest in patients with diabetes.
Effect of dapagliflozin on the prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The effect of dapagliflozin (DAPA) on the prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is unclear. The present study was conducted to evaluate the association between DAPA administration and adverse events in patients with AMI undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: This single-center retrospective analysis study included a total of 786 patients with AMI from January 2019 to August 2021 who were or were not administered DAPA at discharge. The primary endpoint was the composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), including overall deaths, heart failure, nonfatal MI, nonfatal stroke, and unplanned repeat revascularization (URR). Differences in the triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) both during hospitalization and 12 months after discharge (if achievable) were also compared. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 23 months, 130 patients had MACE (118 in the DAPA-free group and 12 in the DAPA group). Kaplan-Meier survival analyses revealed that the cumulative incidence of MACE (log-rank test, p = 0.009), heart failure (p = 0.003), nonfatal MI (p = 0.005), and URR (p = 0.031) was higher in the DAPA-free group. In addition, the multivariate Cox analysis showed that DAPA was significantly associated with the reduced risk of MACE (hazard ratio = 0.170, 95% confidence interval = 0.078-0.373, p < 0.001). Considering each specific adverse event, the DAPA-free group was associated with heart failure, nonfatal MI, and URR in multivariate Cox regression analyses. Stratification analyses suggested that DAPA has a strong protective effect in patients with AMI of advanced age with concomitant diabetes or those who are not on angiotensin receptor enkephalinase inhibitors. Furthermore, the TyG index and AIP of the patients 12 months after DAPA administration at discharge were significantly lower than those during hospitalization. CONCLUSIONS: DAPA is an independent protective factor against MACE and may provide incremental prognostic information in patients with AMI undergoing PCI.
Is plasma atherogenic index or LDL/HDL ratio more predictive of peripheral arterial disease complexity?; INTRODUCTION: The most basic and well-known cause of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) is atherosclerosis. One of the main factors causing atherosclerosis is dyslipidemia. We will evaluate whether specific ratios of dyslipidemia, such as the atherogenic plasma index (AIP) and LDL/HDL ratio, which have recently been used in practice, can help us to predict the complexity of PAD in the clinic. METHODS: A total of 305 patients with PAD admitted to our clinic were retrospectively included in this study. After evaluation according to angiography images using TASC-II classification, patients were divided into TASC A-B and TASC C-D. AIP was evaluated with the following formula: Log (TG/HDL). Cut-off values for AIP and LDL/HDL were determined on the ROC (receiver operating characteristic) curve. Logistic regression analysis were conducted to predict peripheral arterial disease complexity. RESULTS: The mean ages of Group 1 (n:180, 68.3% male) and Group 2 (n:125, 77.6% male) patients were 64.10 ± 12.39 and 64.94 ± 11.12 years, respectively. The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM, p < 0.016) and coronary artery disease (CAD, p < 0.001) was higher in group 2. Group 2 had higher TG (p = 0.045), LDL-C (p = 0.004), AIP (p = 0.010), LDL/HDL (p < 0.001), and lower HDL-C (p = 0.015). In multivariate logistic regression analysis evaluating parameters in predicting PAD complexity, DM (OR: 1.66 Cl 95%: 1.01-2.73 p = 0.045), CAD (OR: 2.86 Cl 95%: 1.75-4.69 p < 0.001) and LDL/HDL (OR: 1.47 Cl 95%: 1.10-1.96 p = 0.008) were independent variables. CONCLUSION: In our study, we compared LDL/HDL ratio and AIP in PAD for the first time in the literature and showed that LDL/HDL ratio is a more valuable ratio and an independent predictor of PAD complexity.
Prognostic significance of atherogenic index of plasma, atherogenic coefficient and lipoprotein combined index among elderly patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction in 1-year follow-up.; OBJECTIVES: Coronary artery disease (CAD) remains a leading cause of death in elderly patients. Recently, novel lipoproteins- Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), Atherogenic Coefficient (AC) and Lipoprotein Combine Index (LCI) have been suggested as CAD risk factors; their clinical usefulness, however, remains unknown. The aim of the study was to assess the predictive value of AIP, AC and LCI concerning incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and all-cause mortality in 1-year follow-up. METHODS: For the study, 1,083 patients, aged 60 or older, with NSTEMI were enrolled and divided into two groups: young-old and old-old. RESULTS: MACE occurred in 11.8 % of the patients; LCI showed a borderline significance, but only in univariate analysis. Analysis in groups revealed ambiguous results. None of the examined indices was a predictor of MACE in the young-old group whereas all three of them were significant, but negative predictors in the old-old group. Finally, all-cause mortality at follow-up was 14.9 %. AC predicted 1-year mortality in the whole study population (OR = 1.1 (95% CI: 1-1.2; p = 0.02), but was insignificant in the multivariable model. Additionally, it was an independent predictor in the old-old group, but with borderline significance (OR = 1.14 (95% CI: 1-1.3, p = 0.036). CONCLUSIONS: AIP, AC and LCI should not be used as predictors of MACE and 1-year mortality among elderly patients with NSTEMI (Tab. 5, Ref. 23).
Multiple triglyceride-derived metabolic indices and incident cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease.; BACKGROUND: Triglyceride (TG) and its related metabolic indices are recognized as important biomarker gauging cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to explore the association between multiple TG-derived metabolic indices including the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, triglyceride glucose-body mass index (TyG-BMI) and cardiovascular outcomes to identify valuable predictors for cardiovascular prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). METHODS: Data of 1034 patients with T2DM and CHD from China-Japan Friendship Hospital between January 2019 and March 2022 were collected and analyzed. Multivariate Cox proportional hazards models and restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis were conducted to examine the associations between AIP, TyG index, TyG-BMI and major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) was used to screen the most valuable predictor. Kaplan-Meier curve analysis was employed to examine the relationship between the predictor and prognosis. The goodness-of-fit of models was evaluated using the calibration curve and χ(2) likelihood ratio test. Subgroup analysis and interaction test were performed to control for confounding factors. RESULTS: The overall incidence of MACCEs was 31.04% during a median of 13.3 months of follow-up. The results showed that AIP, TyG index and TyG-BMI were all positively correlated with the risk of MACCEs in patients with T2DM and CHD (P < 0.05). Furthermore, ROC (AUC = 0.899) suggested that AIP had the strongest ability to predict the risk of MACCEs, and the highest AIP values enhanced the risk by 83.5% in the population. RCS model demonstrated that AIP was nonlinearly associated with the incident cardiovascular outcomes (P for nonlinear = 0.0118). The Kaplan-Meier analysis for MACCEs grouped by the AIP tertiles indicated that the probability of cumulative incidences of MACCEs was significantly higher in patients with a higher AIP (all Log rank P < 0.001). Meanwhile, the calibration curve demonstrated an excellent goodness-of-fit of the multivariate model (χ(2) = 13.210, P = 0.105). Subgroup analysis revealed that the trend of positive association of AIP with cardiovascular risk was similar across subgroups except in non-hypertensive individuals. CONCLUSION: Our study, for the first time, may provide valuable information that multiple TG-derived metabolic indices play a crucial role in the risk of MACCEs and it is recommended to monitor the AIP for lipid management in patients with established T2DM and CHD.
Contribution of classical and emerging risk factors to coronary artery disease in Asian Indians.; BACKGROUND: The merits and demerits of classical risk factors in coronary artery disease (CAD) are widely debated. We analyzed the role of conventional (age, gender, diabetes, hypertension, smoking) and non-conventional risk factors (anthropometrics, fasting blood sugar, atherogenic index of plasma - AIP, family history) in Asian Indians with CAD. METHODS: Out of 11,164 subjects (4855 affected, 6309 unaffected) enrolled in the Indian Atherosclerosis Research Study (IARS), 269 unaffected individuals with abnormal electrocardiogram and seven underage were excluded. Around 10,888 subjects along with two subsets, including 9888 individuals having family history information and 1616 individuals with intermediate Framingham risk score (FRS), were statistically analyzed using SPSS version 17.0 and R software. RESULTS: A combination of classical risk factors showed good discrimination between affected and unaffected individuals (C>0.85). Hypertension (OR 3.79) or male gender (OR 5.31) showed significant association with CAD when lipids were included or excluded from the predictive model, followed by age, diabetes and smoking. Hypertension and diabetes frequencies were higher in older patients (>55years) while smoking was more prevalent in younger patients (<55years). Family history and AIP provided a modest increase in C index over the classical factors (0.864 to 0.873), with 7.1% net reclassification in the intermediate FRS group. In CAD patients, 4% were classified as high risk by FRS, 52% were classified as having metabolic syndrome with revised criteria and over 90% had a high AIP score. CONCLUSION: Addition of AIP and family history to conventional risk factors improved risk discrimination in Asian Indians with CAD.
Comment on "The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no‑reflow in patients with acute ST‑segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention".; We read with great pleasure the interesting study evaluating "The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention" by Süleymanoğlu M et al. The most important problem in the study was that they miscalculated their patients' AIP values. As a result of this miscalculation, all patients seemed to be at high cardiac risk. When calculating AIP, the unit of both triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels should be taken in mmol. In calculating the AIP value, Süleymanoğlu et al. used the units as mg/dl and found the median values as 0.50 (patients with noreflow, high cardiac risk) and 0.39 (patients without noreflow, high cardiac risk), respectively. When we calculate the estimated AIP by converting units to mmol, it is 0.15 (patients with noreflow, intermediate cardiac risk) and 0.03 (patients with noreflow, low cardiac risk), respectively. Interestingly, their patients' cholesterol levels such as total cholesterol, TG, low-density lipoprotein, and HDL were very lower than those of healthy individuals in their country. We believe that the authors should explain this situation.
Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery calcification progression beyond traditional risk factors according to baseline coronary artery calcium score.; This study aimed to evaluate the association between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which has been suggested as a novel marker for atherosclerosis, and coronary artery calcification (CAC) progression according to the baseline coronary artery calcium score (CACS). We included 12,326 asymptomatic Korean adults who underwent at least two CAC evaluations from December 2012 to August 2016. Participants were stratified into four groups according to AIP quartiles, which were determined by the log of (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Baseline CACSs were divided into three groups: 0, 1 - 100, and > 100. CAC progression was defined as a difference ≥ 2.5 between the square roots (√) of the baseline and follow-up CACSs (Δ√transformed CACS). Annualized Δ√transformed CACS was defined as Δ√transformed CACS divided by the inter-scan period. During a mean 3.3-year follow-up period, the overall incidence of CAC progression was 30.6%. The incidences of CAC progression and annualized Δ√transformed CACS were markedly elevated with increasing AIP quartile in participants with baseline CACSs of 0 and 1 - 100, but not in those with a baseline CACS > 100. The AIP level was associated with the annualized Δ√transformed CACS in participants with baseline CACSs of 0 (β = 0.016; P < 0.001) and 1 - 100 (β = 0.035; P < 0.001), but not in those with baseline CACS > 100 (β = 0.032; P = 0.385). After adjusting for traditional risk factors, the AIP was significantly associated with CAC progression in those with baseline CACS ≤ 100. The AIP has value for predicting CAC progression in asymptomatic adults without heavy baseline CAC.
Serum YKL-40 Levels Are Associated with the Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Children.; YKL-40, also known as chitinase-3-like protein 1, is an inflammatory glycoprotein that is secreted by various cell types under acute, chronic, and subclinical inflammation conditions. Elevated serum YKL-40 levels are reportedly independently related to diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, acute myocardial infarction, and cardiovascular mortality in adults. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the relationship between serum YKL-40 levels, lipid abnormalities, and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in children. We enrolled 479 children aged 10-12 years (mean age: 11.52) in this general population-based, cross-sectional study. All subjects completed questionnaires and were subjected to multifrequency bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) to measure their height, weight, and body mass index (BMI). We collected serum samples from all participants to measure YKL-40, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglyceride (TG) levels. Mean serum YKL-40 levels were significantly higher in the low-HDL-C (p = 0.017) and high-TG (p = 0.010) groups but were not related to TC and LDL-C levels. YKL-40 levels were also higher in the high AIP group (p = 0.007). After adjusting for age, gender, and BMI z-score, the associations between serum YKL-40 levels and TG levels (p = 0.003), the TG-to-HDL-C ratio (p = 0.019), and the AIP value (p = 0.012) remained significant. Based on these findings, we suggest that serum YKL-40 may be a useful initial screening tool or follow-up risk indicator for lipid abnormalities, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease in children and adolescents with risk factors, regardless of obesity.
Is it possible to predict the complexity of peripheral artery disease with atherogenic index?; OBJECTIVES: Lower extremity peripheral artery disease develops mainly due to atherosclerosis and occurs as a result of the systemic atherosclerotic process. Increased triglyceride (TG) and decreased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) values increase atherosclerosis risk. With regard to this information, TG/HDL-C ratio is used as the atherogenic index. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the role of TG/HDL-C ratio to predict the complexity of disease in patients with peripheral artery disease. METHODS: Patients who were diagnosed with peripheral artery disease and admitted to our clinic between August 2013 and August 2019 were included in this study retrospectively. Patients were divided into two groups based on angiographic evaluations with TransAtlantic Inter-Society Consensus-II classification. Those with TASC A-B lesions were included in Group 1 and those with TASC C-D lesions constituted Group 2. RESULTS: The mean ages of Group 1 (n = 314) and Group 2 (n = 98) patients were 56.1 ± 9.3 and 58.4.1 ± 8.1 years, respectively. The frequency of male gender and coronary artery disease was significantly higher in Group 2 (p = 0.043, p = 0.001, respectively). In Group 2, triglyceride and TG/HDL-C ratios were significantly high, while HDL-C was significantly low (p = 0.022, p < 0.001, p = 0.010, respectively). The multivariate logistic regression analysis performed to evaluate the parameters in predicting the angiographic complexity of peripheral artery disease showed that coronary artery disease (OR: 1.009 CI 95%: 1.003-1.021 p = 0.016) and TG/HDL-C ratio (OR: 5.385 CI 95%: 2.553-9.357 p = 0.001) were independent predictors for complexity. ROC analysis revealed that the cut-off value of TG/HDL-C was 2.9 (AUC = 0.670, p < 0.001) with 75.5% sensitivity and 56.7% specificity. CONCLUSIONS: It is possible to predict the angiographic complexity of peripheral artery disease with TG/HDL-C ratio, also known as atherogenic index, which is easily obtained by routine biochemical parameters.
Atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of advanced subclinical coronary artery disease beyond traditional risk factors: An observational cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic lipoprotein profile of plasma is an important risk factor for atherosclerosis. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been suggested as a novel marker for atherosclerosis. HYPOTHESIS: AIP is a useful marker of advanced subclinical coronary artery disease (CAD) in subjects without overt renal dysfunction. METHODS: A total of 6928 subjects with estimated glomerular filtration rate > 60 mL/minutes/1.73 m(2) evaluated by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA) for health check-up were included. The relation of AIP to advanced CAD (heavy coronary calcification, defined as coronary artery calcium score [CACS] >100 or obstructive coronary plaque [OCP], defined as plaque with >50% stenosis) was evaluated. RESULTS: All participants were stratified into four groups based on AIP quartiles. The prevalence of CACS >100 (group I [lowest] 4.7% vs group II 7.0% vs group III 8.8% vs group IV 10.0%) and OCP (group I 3.7% vs group II 6.4% vs group III 8.8% vs group IV 10.9%) (all P < .001) increased with elevating AIP quartiles. Higher AIP (per 0.1 unit increase) was associated with an increased risk of CACS >100 (odds ratio [OR] 1.057, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.010 to 1.106, P = .017; relative risk (RR) 1.048, 95% CI 1.009-1.089, and P = .015) and OCP (OR 1.079, 95% CI 1.033-1.127, P = .001; RR 1.069, 95% CI 1.031-1.108, P < .001) after adjusting for age > 60 years, male sex, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, obesity, and proteinuria. CONCLUSION: AIP is independently associated with advanced subclinical CAD beyond traditional risk factors.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Atherogenic Indices in an Iranian Population: Birjand East of Iran.; Introduction: The alteration in serum lipid profile; increase in total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TAG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C); and reduction in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are key factors in cardiovascular disease progression. The high prevalence and severity of cardiovascular diseases require new screening tools for better evaluation. Atherogenic index (AI) (LDL-C/HDL-C) and coronary risk index (CRI) (TC/HDL-C) can be strong markers for predicting the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease and disclose the presence of LDL or TAG in the serum of related patients. To implement this strategy, the AIs and CRIs in our population were assessed. In this study, a total of 5207 subjects were recruited and AIs and CRIs were calculated for all of them. According to our data, age, body mass index, sex, as well as CRI and AI had affirmative correlation with TC, LDL-C, TAG, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. By increasing these factors, AIs and CRIs were augmented. Moreover, in situations where all atherogenic parameters are normal, these parameters may be the alternative screening tool.
Predictive Value of Resting Fractional Flow Reserve and Atherogenic Index of Plasma for Evaluation of Physiologically Significant Coronary Artery Lesions.; This study aimed to assess the relationship between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and resting distal-to-aortic pressure ratio (Pd/Pa) in patients with intermediate coronary artery stenosis. This retrospective study included 802 chronic coronary syndrome patients with intermediate coronary artery stenosis who underwent fractional flow reserve (FFR) measurement. The resting Pd/Pa showed a significant negative correlation with AIP (rho= -.205, p < .001). When final FFR was divided into three tertiles (≤80, 81-89, ≥90), resting Pd/Pa was significantly lower, and AIP was markedly higher in the lower final FFR tertiles (both AIP and resting Pd/Pa differed significantly across the all three tertiles, p < .001). Furthermore, functionally significant stenosis independent predictors in multivariate analyses were AIP and resting Pd/Pa (p = .010 and p < .001, respectively). We observed for the first time an increase in AIP levels in the presence of functionally significant stenoses that may help better planning and identification of those patients with the functionally substantial atherosclerotic burden.
Time-varying effect of postoperative cholesterol profile on long-term outcomes of isolated coronary artery bypass graft surgery.; BACKGROUND: Controlling cholesterol levels is one of the primary goals of preventing atherosclerotic plaque progression in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. This study aimed to investigate the impact of serum cholesterol profile at multiple time points following isolated CABG surgery on long-term patient outcomes. METHOD: This retrospective cohort study was conducted on the admission and follow-up data of isolated CABG patients from the Tehran Heart Center registry between 2009 and 2016. The association of low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and their ratio as an atherogenic index with major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) and all-cause mortality were evaluated using time-varying survival analysis methods. RESULT: A total of 18657 patients were included in this analysis. After adjusting for known confounding factors, no significant difference in all-cause mortality and MACCE was observed at different LDL levels. The incidence of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in patients with LDL > 100 mg/dl and LDL < 50 mg/dl was significantly higher than in the control group (P-value = 0.004 and 0.04, respectively). The incidence of cerebrovascular accidents (CVA) at LDL > 100 mg/dl was also significantly higher compared to the control group (P -value = 0.033). Lower HDL levels were significantly associated with a higher MACCE (P -value < 0.001), all-cause mortality (P -value < 0.001), ACS (P -value = 0.00), and CVA (P -value = 0.014). The atherogenic index was also directly related to MACCE and all its components (all P-values < 0.001). CONCLUSION: LDL/HDL ratio is suggested as a better marker for secondary prevention goals compared to LDL alone in patients undergoing CABG surgery.
Atherogenic index of plasma as a predictor of coronary artery disease: a cohort study in south of Iran.; BACKGROUND: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is an atherosclerotic disease of an inflammatory nature. Previous studies examining the relationship between triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol have highlighted the importance of plasma atherogenic index (AIP) as an important predictor of coronary heart disease. However, due to the lack of adequate information on this topic, this study aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and coronary heart disease risk. RESULTS: This study included 2,226 women and 1,690 men aged 35-70 years who participated in the Bandar Kong Cohort study and met the eligibility criteria. The data was collected using a checklist and questionnaires, which were designed by experienced individuals. After participants completed a registration form and gave informed consent, face-to-face interviews were conducted by trained experts. The validity and reliability of the questionnaire had been verified by the national cohort team prior to its use. The Ethics Committee of Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences (IR.HUMS.REC.1400.171) approved the study. Data from the initial cohort survey using SPSS software version 25, were analyzed to include several factors, including age, sex, smoking status, body mass index (BMI), physical activity level, socioeconomic status, AIP, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. The prevalence of coronary heart disease was found to be 7.5% higher in people with a BMI of 25 or higher. Also, Individuals with low physical activity had a higher prevalence. Individuals with CAD had significantly higher mean values for the AIP, age, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure (0.46, 57.50, 128.43, and 81.10, respectively) compared to those without CAD. Furthermore, patients with CAD had lower years of education (2649.45 and 3.59) than individuals without CAD (P < 0.05). Importantly, our findings showed that AIP increased the odds ratio of coronary heart disease by 1.86 as an independent risk factor. CONCLUSIONS: Based on our investigation, the AIP is a valuable and independent predictive risk factor for coronary artery disease. This index can be utilized effectively due to its accessibility and affordability, making it a promising tool for risk assessment in clinical settings.
Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP): a novel predictive indicator for the coronary artery disease in postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia is one of the most important factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel indicator involved in dyslipidemia. However, the relation between AIP and CAD in postmenopausal women remains unclear. We hypotheses that AIP is a strong predictive indicator of CAD in postmenopausal women. METHODS: A propensity score matching case-control study including 348 postmenopausal CAD cases and 348 controls was conducted in the present study. RESULTS: Compared with controls, CAD patients had higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (APOB), but lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein A-1 (APOA-1). The values of nontraditional lipid profiles, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index, AI), TC∗TG∗LDL/HDL-C (lipoprotein combine index, LCI), log(TG/HDL-C) (atherogenic index of plasma, AIP) and APOB/APOA-1 were all significantly higher in the CAD patients. The results of Pearson correlation analyses showed AIP was positively and significantly correlated with TC (r = 0.092, P < 0.001), TG (r = 0.775, P = 0.015), APOB (r = 0.140, P < 0.001), non-HDL-C (r = 0.295, P < 0.001), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.626, P < 0.001), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.469, P < 0.001), AI (r = 0.626, P < 0.001), LCI (r = 0.665, P < 0.001), APOB/APOA-1(r = 0.290, P < 0.001) and was negatively correlated with APOA-1 (r = - 0.278, P < 0.001) and HDL-C (r = - 0.665, P < 0.001). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent predictor of CAD. After adjusting for the traditional clinical prognostic factors including diabetes and hypertension, we found AIP could be an independent risk factor for CAD (odds ratio [OR], 3.290; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.842-5.877, P < 0.001). After adjusting for multiple clinical factors include diabetes, hypertension, smoking, heart ratio, fasting blood glucose, we found AIP also could a powerful risk factor, OR = 3.619, 95%CI (2.003-6.538), P < 0.001. CONCLUSION: The present study indicated that AIP might be a strong marker for predicting the risk of CAD in postmenopausal women.
Intakes of Dairy and Soy Products and 10-Year Coronary Heart Disease Risk in Korean Adults.; Dairy and soy products are healthy food. However, studies have reported conflicting results associating their intake with coronary heart disease (CHD). Thus, this study determined the association between intake of dairy or soy products and 10-year CHD risk. Participants aged 40~69 years were grouped into those who consumed dairy products (more or less than twice a week) and those who consumed soy products (more or less than twice a week). Ten-year CHD risk (%), atherogenic index (AI), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. The CHD risk, according to the level of dairy and soy product intake, was expressed as an odds ratio (OR) and a confidence interval (CI). Significant differences were observed in sex, age, education, income, and living area according to dairy intake frequencies, whereas only age showed significant differences according to soy products' intake frequencies. Relative effects of Framingham Risk Score (FRS) factors on 10-year CHD risk in Korean adults were found to be significant in the order of age, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), smoking, blood total cholesterol (TC), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diabetes, and sex. Overall, participants who consumed dairy products ≥2/week had a significantly lower OR of 10-year CHD risk compared to those who consumed dairy products <2/week after adjusting for confounding factors (OR: 0.742, 95% CI: 0.619 to 0.890). Otherwise, intake of soy products ≥2/week tended to decrease the OR of 10-year CHD risk, although the decrease was not statistically significant. In conclusion, Korean adults who consumed dairy products ≥2/week had higher HDL-C and lower 10-year CHD risk than those who consumed dairy products <2/week. However, these results did not appear when consuming soy products.
[Residual cardiovascular risk markers].; The European definition of biomarker is presented; it is a measurable factor, which reflects a physiological or pathological process in human body. There are also mentioned transferred meanings of the term marker used in different fields of medicine. The importance, categorization and calculation of global cardiovascular (CV) risk are explained in patients in primary prevention of CV disease (SCORE risk chart). Residual CV risk persists in patients in primary or secondary prevention of CV diseases treated according to current guidelines, even if their risk factors (blood pressure, LDL-cholesterol, glucose level) have achieved the recommended values. This residual risk was done by non-LDL dyslipidemia especially, so called atherogenic dyslipidemia (Residual Risk Reduction Initiative definition). Investigators of preventive EUROASPIRE studies assessed, that 5-year mortality from CV diseases was in a positive association with glucose level, smoking and total cholesterol. In our recent analysis, we have described among the Czech samples of EUROASPIRE studies I-IV, that BMI and prevalence of diabetes increase during the last 16 years very steeply. Patients with stable coronary heart diseases in combination with diabetes have had higher prevalence of residual risk markers (atherogenic dyslipidemia, atherogenic index of plasma described by M. Dobiasova and hypertriglyceridemic waist) than patients without diabetes. Except of prescription of statins, ACE inhibitors, antiaggregative or anticoagulative drugs was increasing, the residual CV risk was not changing during the followed period of 16 years.
Sex difference in the relationship of the Atherogenic index of plasma with coronary artery lesions in diabetes: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Coronary artery disease (CAD) tends to progress more rapidly in the type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) population and may be associated with dyslipidemia. This study explored the relationship of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) to coronary artery lesions in the T2DM population of different sexes. METHODS: The research included 737 individuals who underwent coronary angiography from 2018 to 2019. The included clinical data and coronary angiographic findings were analyzed in the study. RESULTS: Among the included male patients, those with coronary artery disease had a higher adjusted AIP (aAIP). In correlation analysis, the Gensini score was positively and linearly correlated with the aAIP in male T2DM patients. An aAIP cutoff value of 1.17 was determined from the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of aAIP versus CAD risk in the study population. After dividing the aAIP into two groups by the cutoff value of aAIP, the group with the lower value was used as the control for logistic regression analysis. The results showed that the risk of CAD and multivessel lesions was higher when the aAIP was higher in men with T2DM, and this positive association was not affected by HbA1c, age, or the presence of glucose-lowering therapy. The ROC curve suggested that the aAIP can predict CAD risk in male T2DM patients. However, no relationship was found in the included female patients. CONCLUSION: In male T2DM patients, AIP may serve as a reliable marker for coronary artery lesions.
Paraoxonase 1 Activity, Lipid Profile, and Atherogenic Indexes Status in Coronary Heart Disease.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia is considered an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, we examined lipid profiles and paraoxonase 1 (PON1) activity and atherogenic indexes status and the relationship of PON1 activity by high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and atherogenic indexes in CHD patients and healthy people. METHODS: The aim of the study was to compare PON1, lipid profiles, and atherogenic indexes in CHD patients and healthy people as controls. This study enrolled 50 CHD patients and 50 matched healthy controls. Serum activities of PON1 and levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and atherogenic indexes were analyzed. Data were analyzed by unpaired Student's t tests. Coefficients of correlation were calculated using Pearson's correlation analysis. RESULTS: Levels of TG, TC, LDL, VLDL, FBG, and atherogenic indexes, atherogenic coefficients, and cardiac risk ratios were significantly greater in CHD patients than in controls. Paraoxonase 1 activity and HDL-C levels were significantly less in CHD patients than in controls. Also, PON1 activity correlated positively with HDLC and negatively with atherogenic coefficient, and cardiac risk ratios 1 and 2 in CHD patients. CONCLUSION: This study showed that CHD is associated with high lipid levels and atherogenic indexes, and low PON1 activity and HDL-C concentrations. Coronary heart disease is a pernicious disease requiring prolonged medical management and hypolipidemic drugs.
A Descriptive Study of Atherogenic Indices in Patients Admitted to a Tertiary Care Hospital.; Introduction Atherogenic indices, as common factors implicated in the pathogeneses of atherogenic dyslipidemias and cardiometabolic disorders, provide inexpensive and less invasive aids for assessing the prognosis of hospitalized patients. Hence, we evaluate the atherogenic index profiles of patients admitted to a tertiary care hospital and correlate them with comorbidities, statin use, and duration of hospital stay. Methodology This cross-sectional study included 412 hospitalized patients aged >18 years undergoing lipid profiling, irrespective of their diagnosis. Their atherogenic indices were calculated from their lipid profile parameters and correlated with their comorbidities, statin use, and duration of hospital stay. Statistical analysis was done using the Mann-Whitney U test and Spearman's rank correlation coefficient tests, with a p-value of <0.05 indicating statistical significance. Results The participating cohort showed a mean age of 56.01±13.32 years. Nearly 63.0% of these had diabetes mellitus, 52.0% had hypertension, 34.0% had coronary artery disease, 16.0% had a cardiovascular accident, and 16.5% reported statin use. There was no significant difference in the distribution of any of the atherogenic indices over any of the comorbidities like diabetes mellitus, hypertension, coronary artery disease, or statin use, except for the non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol distribution, which was significantly associated with coronary artery disease (p-value = 0.0112) and statin use (p-value = 0.0057). Atherogenic indices were not correlated with the duration of hospital stay (p-value > 0.05). Discussion This study suggests that non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol may serve as an indicator of coronary artery disease and statin use. However, other atherogenic indices may not serve as reliable predictors of the duration of a hospital stay.
Coronary artery calcification burden, atherogenic index of plasma, and risk of adverse cardiovascular events in the general population: evidence from a mediation analysis.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia and abnormal cholesterol metabolism are closely related to coronary artery calcification (CAC) and are also critical factors in cardiovascular disease death. In recent years, the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been widely used to evaluate vascular sclerosis. This study aimed to investigate the potential association of AIP between CAC and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). METHODS: This study included 1,121 participants whose CACs were measured by multislice spiral CT. Participants' CAC Agatston score, CAC mass, CAC volume, and number of vessels with CACs were assessed. AIP is defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) concentration to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration. We investigated the multivariate-adjusted associations between AIP, CAC, and MACEs. The mediating role of the AIP in CAC and MACEs was subsequently discussed. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 31 months, 74 MACEs were identified. For each additional unit of log-converted CAC, the MACE risk increased by 48% (HR 1.48 [95% CI 1.32-1.65]). For each additional unit of the AIP (multiplied by 10), the MACEs risk increased by 19%. Causal mediation analysis revealed that the AIP played a partial mediating role between CAC (CAC Agatston score, CAC mass) and MACEs, and the mediating proportions were 8.16% and 16.5%, respectively. However, the mediating effect of CAC volume tended to be nonsignificant (P = 0.137). CONCLUSIONS: An increased AIP can be a risk factor for CAC and MACEs. Biomarkers based on lipid ratios are a readily available and low-cost strategy for identifying MACEs and mediating the association between CAC and MACEs. These findings provide a new perspective on CAC treatment, early diagnosis, and prevention of MACEs.
Lipid Indexes and Quality Evaluation of Omega-3 Rich Oil from the Waste of Japanese Spanish Mackerel Extracted by Supercritical CO(2).; Japanese Spanish mackerel (JSM) (Scomberomorus niphonius) is a marine fish species containing health-beneficial polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). In the present study, the quality of JSM by-products oils extracted by supercritical CO(2) (SC-CO(2)) and organic solvent extraction was compared in terms of physico-chemical properties of the oils. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is one of the important polyunsaturated fatty acids present in SC-CO(2)-extracted skin and muscle oil 5.81 ± 0.69% and 4.93 ± 0.06%, respectively. The amount of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in SC-CO(2)-extracted skin and muscle oil was 12.56 ± 0.38% and 15.01 ± 0.28%, respectively. EPA and DHA are considered as important PUFAs for the development of brain function and the prevention of coronary heart diseases. Extracted oils showed considerable antioxidant activity. In the obtained oils, atherogenic index (AI) values varied from 0.72 to 0.93 and thrombogenic index (TI) ranged from 0.75 to 0.92, which is considered an acceptable level. Fatty acid composition, bio potentiality, thermogravimetric, and vitamin D analysis showed that oils extracted from JSM by-products can be a good source of oil for application in food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries. Therefore, the present research revealed the potentiality of green valorisation of S. niphonius by-products as a possible sustainable approach for targeting the era of zero waste.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and coronary collateral circulation in patients with chronic total occlusion.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is considered an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). The present study investigated whether AIP correlates with the formation of coronary collateral circulation (CCC) in CAD patients with chronic total occlusion (CTO). METHODS: This retrospective study included 1093 CAD patients with CTO confirmed by coronary angiography from January 2020 to December 2020 at Beijing Anzhen Hospital. Based on the Rentrop scoring system, the patients were divided into the good CCC group and the poor CCC group. AIP was calculated by log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Meanwhile, the study population was further divided into four groups according to the quartiles of AIP. RESULTS: Patients in the poor CCC group exhibited significantly higher AIP compared to those in the good CCC group (0.31 ± 0.27 vs. 0.14 ± 0.24, p < 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed an independent association between AIP and poor CCC, regardless of whether AIP was treated as a continuous or categorical variable (p < 0.001), after adjusting for confounding factors. Besides, this association remained consistent across most subgroups. The incorporation of AIP into the baseline model significantly enhanced the accuracy of identifying poor CCC [area under the curve (AUC): baseline model, 0.661 vs. baseline model + AIP, 0.721, p for comparison < 0.001]. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated AIP is independently associated with an increased risk of poor CCC in CAD patients with CTO, and AIP may improve the ability to identify poor CCC in clinical practice.
Effect of Atherogenic Index of Plasma on Pre-Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Flow in Patients With ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction.; Dyslipidemia is an important risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is primarily responsible, the importance of triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) has also been recognized. The present study investigated the effect of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), in which atherogenic and protective lipoproteins were evaluated together, on the initial flow in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction. AIP was calculated as log(TG/HDL-cholesterol). Patients included in the study (n = 1535) were divided into Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow grade 0 and >0. AIP was found to be significantly different between 2 groups (.55 ± .23 vs .67 ± .21; P < .001). AIP was an independent predictor for pre-intervention TIMI flow (Odds Ratio: 2.778). A moderate correlation was found between TIMI frame count measurements, calculated in patients with TIMI 2-3, and AIP (Pearson correlation coefficient: .63, P < .001). In the receiver operating characteristic analysis, AIP showed the highest area under curve (AUC) compared with other lipid parameters for predicting vascular patency. The AUC of AIP was .634, the cut-off value was .59, and the sensitivity and specificity were 67.6% and 68.4%, respectively (P < .001). In conclusion, AIP was found to be an important marker affecting pre-percutaneous coronary intervention TIMI flow.
Estradiol/Testosterone imbalance: impact on coronary heart disease risk factors in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Several groups have reported the important role of the estradiol/testosterone (E2/T) ratio in benign prostatic hyperplasia and cerebral vessels. However, there has been no study on the role of the E2/T ratio in women with coronary heart disease (CHD). This study aimed to evaluate the association among the ratio of sex hormones and known risk factors of atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women with CHD. METHODS: 114 controls and 124 postmenopausal women with CHD were selected for this study. Serum levels of estradiol, testosterone, aromatase, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), lipid-lipoprotein profile and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were determined. RESULTS: Compared with the control, the E2/T ratio decreased from 5.35 ± 2.78 to 3.88 ± 2.51 (p < 0.0001). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that the E2/T ratio was negatively associated with total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and the atherogenic index of plasma, but positively associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) and HDL-c/LDL-c (for all, p < 0.0001). We found that there was a negative correlation between the E2/T ratio and aromatase (r = -0.192, p = 0.032) and a positive correlation between aromatase and SHBG (r = 0.938). CONCLUSION: The balance of the serum E2/T ratio was broken in the women with CHD, and an imbalanced E2/T ratio showed a strong association with cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with CHD.
The potential influence of atherogenic dyslipidemia on the severity of chronic Chagas heart disease.; INTRODUCTION: chronic Chagas heart disease (CCHD) is the most common manifestation of American Trypanosomiasis, causing about 50,000 deaths annually. Several factors bear correlation with the severity of CCHD. However, to our knowledge, the assessment on the contribution of major cardiovascular risk factors (CRF), such as hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidemia (AD) to CCHD severity is scarce, despite their well-established role in coronary artery disease, heart failure and stroke. OBJECTIVE: to explore the potential relationship of blood pressure and AD with the clinical profile of patients with CCHD. METHODS: we performed a cross-sectional study in T. cruziseropositive patients categorized according to a standard CCHD classification. All individuals were subjected to complete clinical examination. Autoantibodies induced by T. cruzi were assessed by ELISA. RESULTS: we observed that Atherogenic index (AI) levels rose significantly in relation to the severity of the CCHD stage, with CCHD III cases showing the highest values of AI. Furthermore, those patients with globally dilated cardiomyopathy with reduced ejection fraction showed higher levels of AI. In regard to autoantibodies, anti-B13 also showed relation with the severity of the disease. CONCLUSION: we observed that AI correlated with CCHD stages and contributed, in association with anti-B13 antibodies and age, to the prediction of systolic heart failure.
The atherogenic index of plasma is a strong and independent predictor for coronary artery disease in the Chinese Han population.; Dyslipidemia is one of the most important factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a new comprehensive lipid index, might be a strong marker for predicting the risk of CAD.A hospital-based case-control study including 2936 CAD patients and 2451 controls was conducted in a Chinese population. Traditional lipid parameters were detected, and nontraditional lipid comprehensive indexes were calculated.Compared with controls, CAD patients had higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). By contrast, the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was lower in CAD patients. The values of nontraditional lipid profiles, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index, AI), TC*TG*LDL/HDL-C (lipoprotein combine index, LCI), and lg (TG/HDL-C) (AIP), were all significantly higher in the cases than in the controls. The results of Pearson correlation analyses indicated that AIP was positively and significantly correlated with TC (r = 0.125, P < .001), TG (r = 0.810, P < .001), LDL-C (r = 0.035, P < .001), non-HDL-C (r = 0.322, P < .001), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.669, P < .001), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.447, P < .001), AI (r = 0.669, P < .001), and LCI (r = 0.688, P < .001) and was negatively correlated with age (r = -0.122, P < .001) and HDL-C (r = -0.632, P < .001). In the univariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was the lipid parameter that was most strongly associated with CAD, with an unadjusted odds ratio of 1.782 (95% confidence interval: 1.490-2.131, P < .001), for an increase of 1-SD. Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD.AIP might be a strong and independent predictor for CAD in the Chinese Han population.
[Research progress of lipid-derived parameters in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease].; Dyslipidemia stands as an autonomous peril in the realm of atherosclerotic cardiovascular maladies. Prompt identification and timely intervention in the case of dyslipidemia hold promise for substantially curbing the onset and fatality rates associated with coronary heart disease. Traditional lipid surveillance metrics employed in clinical settings, such as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, exhibit notable limitations. Conversely, lipid-derived parameters emerge as formidable contenders, demonstrating a capacity to amalgamate and quantify disparate risk factors and multifactorial etiologies inherent in a given disease. By encompassing a broader spectrum of information than singular indices, these parameters offer a more profound insight into disease progression by virtue of their grounding in the physiological intricacies of lipid metabolism. Drawing upon extant domestic and international guidelines and research, this discourse delineates and synthesizes four lipid-derived parameters with promising clinical applications: atherogenic index of plasma, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B/A1 ratio, and lipoprotein combine index, and forwards a perspective grounded in current strides in clinical research.
Well-Balanced Lunch Reduces Risk of Lifestyle-Related Diseases in Middle-Aged Japanese Working Men.; Based on the results of a previous WHO-CARDIAC study, this study was designed to test the effect of the daily consumption of a diet rich in potassium with optimal salt content, rich in fish meat and soy isoflavones, corresponding to the ingredients of a traditional Japanese diet. The test meals were a Balanced Lunch (BL) with chicken as the main dish and a Fortified Lunch (FL) with fish and soy as the main dish, which appeared the same. A double-blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in 64 relatively obese men (47.2 ± 5.5 years old) who consumed the lunch at their work site for 4 weeks. All participants underwent fasting blood sampling, 24-h urine collection, as well as measurements of height, weight, and blood pressure before and after the intervention. Body mass index, blood pressure, and HbA1c were significantly improved and a 3-g reduction of salt intake was proven by 24-h urine collection in both groups. Moreover, HDL cholesterol and the Atherogenic Index (AI) were significantly improved in the FL group. In conclusion, the risks of lifestyle-related diseases in working men were reduced by one meal per day intervention of optimally-salted traditional Japanese diets containing soy and fish nutrients with high vegetable ingredients.
Patterns of dyslipidemia in young patients with seronegative spondyloarthropathies without cardiovascular diseases.; OBJECTIVES: Patients with seronegative spondyloarthritis (SpA) - psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and ankylosing spondylitis (AS) - have a higher risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the incidence and type of dyslipidemia, a potent atherosclerosis risk factor, in SpA patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS: It was a two-center, case-control study. Patients diagnosed with PsA and AS aged 23-60 years, with disease duration < 10 years, were enrolled. The inflammatory activity, serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and lipid profile were evaluated in each patient. In patients > 40 years old, the 10-year risk of fatal cardiovascular disease (CVD), using Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation (SCORE), was estimated. RESULTS: In total 79 patients with SpA were included in the study, with PsA diagnosed, n = 39 (mean age 45.1 ±9.6 years; 21, 53.9%, women), and with AS diagnosed, n = 40 (age 40.3 ±9.5; 12.3%, women), control group (CG): n = 88 (age 42.3 ±8.1; 42, 47.7% women). Based on the interview and laboratory tests, dyslipidemia was diagnosed in 19 (47.5%) patients with AS and in 28 (71.8%) patients with PsA. Most patients had hypercholesterolemia or mixed hyperlipidemia. Types of dyslipidemia were similar. In SpA patients (PsA and AS), the level of triglycerides (TG) and atherogenic index (AI) were significantly higher than in the CG, respectively TG in SpA: 116 (83-156) and in the CG: 91.2 (72.6-134.6) mg/dl, p = 0.0182; AI in SpA: 3.77 ±1.26 and in the CG: 2.58 ±1.27, p < 0.0001.The low-density cholesterol (LDL) level was significantly lower in SpA patients than in the CG, SpA: 109.1 ±29.4 vs. CG: 125.2 ±35.9 mg/dl, p = 0.0023. There was a strong negative correlation between CRP levels and HDL cholesterol levels in patients with PsA, rho = 0.42, p = 0.0132. Mean SCORE values were 2.33% in PsA patients and 2.38% in AS patients, which results in moderate 10-year risk of death from CVD. CONCLUSIONS: In young patients with spondyloarthropathies, inflammatory factors significantly influence dyslipidemia patterns, which result in higher TG and lower LDL cholesterol levels. In patients with PsA, dyslipidemia was diagnosed more often than in patients with AS.
Evaluation of metabolic parameters and aortic elasticity in normotensive children with premature adrenarche.; OBJECTIVES: Premature adrenarche may be associated with an intrauterine programmed metabolic syndrome which should be considered as a warning sign for coronary heart disease due to accelerated atherosclerosis, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), and polycystic ovary syndrome. METHODS: Seventy-three patients with premature adrenarche were evaluated for metabolic parameters and aortic elasticity to evaluate the susceptibility to atherosclerosis and compared with a control group. The patients were examined in two groups as overweight and nonoverweight, and metabolic and cardiac parameters were also compared among these groups. Strain, distensibility, and stiffness index parameters were used to evaluate aortic elasticity. RESULTS: Biochemical parameters and cardiac measurements were not statistically different between patients and controls. They also did not differ between patients with normal weight and overweight groups. Atherogenic index and insulin resistance were closely related and a positive correlation between cholesterol and triglyceride, and ascending aortic stiffness was found. CONCLUSIONS: The results may suggest that cholesterol and triglyceride-related arterial involvement is more involved in the pathogenesis of arterial stiffness. It can be considered that 'being overweight' or 'having metabolic profile characterized by insulin resistance and dyslipidemia' are the major coexisting factors influencing the vascular structure, rather than increased androgens and premature adrenarche itself.
Relationship between blood lipid and arterial stiffness in hypertension.; PURPOSE: To explore the relationship between blood lipids and pulse wave velocity (PWV). METHODS: We retrospectively selected subjects who had undergone treatment in an outpatient or inpatient clinic. The subjects were sub-grouped into four groups: Group A (no history of hypertension and dyslipidemia), Group B (a history of dyslipidemia but not hypertension), Group C (a history of hypertension but not dyslipidemia) and Group D (a history of both hypertension and dyslipidemia). We determined brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), non-high-density lipoprotein (non-HDL-C), total cholesterol/high density lipoprotein (TC/HDL-C) and atherogenic indices (AI) for hypertension and non-hypertension and dyslipidemia and non-dyslipidemia patients. RESULTS: A total of 380 subjects were included. Uric acid, systolic pressure, diastolic pressure, pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure were significantly different among the groups. The prevalence of coronary arterial disease and diabetes mellitus, age, body mass index, heart rate, blood glucose, creatinine, urea, smoking history and alcohol consumption did not differ among groups. The baPWV was significantly different between both hypertension/nonhypertension and dyslipidemia/non-dyslipidemia patients. In hypertension patients (in Group C and D), partial correlation analysis showed that ΔbaPWV correlated with TC, HDL-C, AI, AIP and TC/HDL-C but not LDL-C, triglyceride (TG) or non-HDL-C. CONCLUSION: Hypertension and/or dyslipidemia may be risk factors for arterial stiffness. In hypertension patients, TC, HDL-C, AIP, AI and TC/HDL-C might correlate to arterial stiffness and pathological increases in these levels may indicate risk factors for arterial stiffness.
A Risk-Stratification Machine Learning Framework for the Prediction of Coronary Artery Disease Severity: Insights From the GESS Trial.; Our study aims to develop a data-driven framework utilizing heterogenous electronic medical and clinical records and advanced Machine Learning (ML) approaches for: (i) the identification of critical risk factors affecting the complexity of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD), as assessed via the SYNTAX score; and (ii) the development of ML prediction models for accurate estimation of the expected SYNTAX score. We propose a two-part modeling technique separating the process into two distinct phases: (a) a binary classification task for predicting, whether a patient is more likely to present with a non-zero SYNTAX score; and (b) a regression task to predict the expected SYNTAX score accountable to individual patients with a non-zero SYNTAX score. The framework is based on data collected from the GESS trial (NCT03150680) comprising electronic medical and clinical records for 303 adult patients with suspected CAD, having undergone invasive coronary angiography in AHEPA University Hospital of Thessaloniki, Greece. The deployment of the proposed approach demonstrated that atherogenic index of plasma levels, diabetes mellitus and hypertension can be considered as important risk factors for discriminating patients into zero- and non-zero SYNTAX score groups, whereas diastolic and systolic arterial blood pressure, peripheral vascular disease and body mass index can be considered as significant risk factors for providing an accurate estimation of the expected SYNTAX score, given that a patient belongs to the non-zero SYNTAX score group. The experimental findings utilizing the identified set of important risk factors indicate a sufficient prediction performance for the Support Vector Machine model (classification task) with an F-measure score of ~0.71 and the Support Vector Regression model (regression task) with a median absolute error value of ~6.5. The proposed data-driven framework described herein present evidence of the prediction capacity and the potential clinical usefulness of the developed risk-stratification models. However, further experimentation in a larger clinical setting is needed to ensure the practical utility of the presented models in a way to contribute to a more personalized management and counseling of CAD patients.
Atherogenic index of plasma is a novel and strong predictor associated with fatty liver: a cross-sectional study in the Chinese Han population.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been reported to be an important predictor for coronary artery disease and obesity. However, few studies has yet systematically evaluated the association between AIP and Fatty Liver (FL) and its advantage in FL prediction compared with BMI, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT and AST. METHODS: A total of 7838 participants aged from 19 to 93 years were included in this study. Height, weight, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT and AST were measured. Difference analyses, odds ratio calculation, logistic and predictive analyses were used to evaluate the association and discrimination ability between AIP, BMI, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT, AST and FL. RESULTS: Compared with non-FL, AIP in FL people showed a significant increase. Subjects in the higher quartiles of AIP had a significantly increased risk of fatty liver compared with those in the lowest quartile (P < 0.01) after adjustment of gender and age. ORs were grown faster in female and youth group. AIP contributed most in the logistic eq. (B = 2.64, P < 0.01) and showed high ability in risk prediction for FL (AUC = 0.810, P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: AIP might be a novel and strong predictor associated with FL in Chinese Han population. Higher AIP level was positively and strongly associated with FL.
"Atherogenic index of plasma" (log10 triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol) predicts high blood pressure, diabetes, and vascular events.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the association of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the logarithm of molar ratio of triglyceridemia to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-cholesterol) with cardiometabolic disorders was investigated in a sample of the Turkish population. METHODS: A total of 2676 middle-aged adults were prospectively evaluated with a clinical examination and laboratory tests during 7.8 years' follow-up. RESULTS: AIP was significantly associated in multiple linear regression analyses with greater apolipoprotein B and lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels, reflecting the presence of smaller LDL particle size. Whereas in men insulin levels, obesity, and nonHDL-cholesterol were major determinants, C-reactive protein (CRP) was the strongest determinant of AIP among women, independent of body mass index. Top quartiles of AIP predicted significantly age-adjusted incident coronary heart disease (CHD) in both sexes, more strongly in women, in whom quartile 3 also was a predictor with a greater than 2-fold relative risk. Associations remained significant after adjustment for CRP and traditional risk factors. AIP significantly predicted diabetes and high blood pressure in both sexes after adjustment for age and CRP. With regard to incident high blood pressure, the risk ratio in men was attenuated when body mass index also was adjusted. CONCLUSIONS: High AIP, a surrogate of small LDL particle size, reflects obesity and hyperinsulinemia in men and high CRP status in women. It predicts CHD independently, type 2 diabetes mediated by obesity in men and in women, high blood pressure, metabolic syndrome, and CHD potentially mediated by involvement in a proinflammatory status reflected by CRP.
The Effect of Untraditional Lipid Parameters in the Development of Coronary Artery Disease: Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Atherogenic Coefficient and Lipoprotein Combined Index.; OBJECTIVE: In this study, we investigated the usability of atherogenic indices of patients who underwent coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) due to coronary artery disease and patients without CAD as risk factors and markers for cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: The data of 150 patients who underwent CABG, and 155 patients who underwent coronary angiography and was not diagnosed with CAD were analysed retrospectively. Demographic data and plasma lipid values were collected. The relationship between these ratios and CVD was investigated via univariate logistic regression analysis performed by creating atherogenic indices. RESULTS: The data of 125 patients who underwent CABG between May 2018 and May 2020 (90 males, 35 females; mean age 64,94 ± 9,61), and 155 patients who had coronary angiography between the same dates and found to have no CAD (64 males, 91 females; mean age 60,12 ± 11,6) were analysed retrospectively. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), atherogenic coefficient (AC) and lipoprotein combined index (LCI) ratios were found to be significantly higher in the CABG group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). CABG applied patients were divided into three groups according to their SYNTAX Score-I values. There was no statistical difference in the AIP (p = 0.434), AC (p = 0.715) and LCI (p = 0.891) ratios between the groups. In the ROC analysis of the CABG group, it was found that the AC value was the highest in terms of sensitivity with a value of 74.4% (AUC = 0.669, p < 0.001), and the LCI was the highest in terms of specificity with a value of 65.8% (AUC = 0.634, p < 0.001). In the univariate logistic regression analysis created, it was seen that all three indices had a significant effect in the CABG group (AIP; OR 0.493 p = 0,002, AC; OR 0.298 p < 0,001, LCI; OR 0.358 p = 0,001). CONCLUSION: The use of atherogenic indices in daily practice can be recommended in the process of monitoring the risk of CVD in CAD patients, along with determining those patients' lipid profiles.
Coronary disease prediction using a new atherogenic index.; This report demonstrates the utilization of a new serum factor, Toxicity Preventing Activity (TxPA) in the diagnosis of coronary disease prone individuals. Our laboratory has recently identified TxPA, which offsets the toxicity of very low density lipoproteins (VLDL) upon arterial cells in vitro. In the present study, we measured TxPA activity and serum lipoprotein levels in 73 individuals undergoing coronary angiography. Serum from control subjects demonstrated 270% more TxPA than aged matched individuals with angiographically demonstrable coronary disease (CHD). When TxPA was combined with serum lipoprotein values, a new atherogenic index was generated which further distinguished these individuals with CHD from non-angiographed controls. These results demonstrate that TxPA is a new protective factor in coronary artery disease, and that the new atherogenic index provides for the first time an accurate classification of individuals with coronary artery disease.
Lipoproteins and diet in coronary heart disease; a five-year study.; In a follow-up study for a five-year period of 351 patients with myocardial infarction and 119 patients with angina pectoris, the following observations were made:(a) The previously reported lipoprotein atherogenic index elevation in coronary heart disease was confirmed.(b) The prognosis in angina pectoris is strikingly and significantly worse when the lipoprotein atherogenic index is high.(c) Patients who died in the follow-up period showed significantly higher atherogenic index values than those who survived.(d) The lipoprotein atherogenic index measure is much superior to the serum cholesterol measurement as an indicator of the lipid disorder in coronary disease.(e) The low fat, low cholesterol diet is effective in maintaining chronically lowered lipoprotein atherogenic index values.(f) In patients who said they did not adhere to a low fat, low cholesterol diet, the recurrence and death rate was four times as high as in patients who stated they adhered to the diet.
Pioglitazone reduces atherogenic index of plasma in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance is often associated with increased triglyceride (TG) and decreased HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and increased small LDL particles. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), defined as log(TG/HDL-C), has recently been proposed as a marker of plasma atherogenicity because it is increased in people at higher risk for coronary heart disease and is inversely correlated with LDL particle size. We studied the effect of pioglitazone, a thiazolidinedione that reduces insulin resistance, on the AIP of patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: The data for the analysis of AIP in this report were obtained from four randomized, double-blind, multicenter, parallel-group, placebo-controlled clinical trials. Pioglitazone was used as monotherapy in one study and in combination therapy in three studies. Fasting glucose, insulin, HDL-C, and TGs plus glycohemoglobin (HbA(1C)) were measured at baseline and various points during each study. RESULTS: Patients in this study population with type 2 diabetes had high AIP values at baseline. Pioglitazone treatment significantly decreased AIP from baseline in each of the study groups. Pioglitazone treatment groups had a significantly lower AIP compared with their respective placebo controls. Finally, AIP was inversely and significantly correlated with measures of insulin sensitivity, such as the homeostasis model assessment and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index. In contrast, AIP was not significantly correlated with HbA(1C). CONCLUSIONS: Pioglitazone reduced AIP when used as monotherapy or in combination therapy with sulfonylurea, metformin, or insulin. AIP was inversely correlated with measures of insulin sensitivity.
Statin therapy improves serum Annexin A1 levels in patients with acute coronary syndrome: A case-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: The objective of the study is to estimate the protective role of statins in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) through modulation of annexin A1 (AnxA1) serum levels. METHODS: A total number of 63 patients with ACS were recruited compared with 25 healthy control subjects. The enrolments were divided into - Group (A): Patients with ACS on atorvastatin (n = 20), Group (B): Patients with ACS on rosuvastatin (n = 20), Group (C): Patients with ACS but not on statin therapy (n = 23), and Group (D): Healthy controls (n = 25). Body mass index and both systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressures were measured. Lipid profile, atherogenic index, cardiac risk ratio, cardiovascular risk index, and human AnxA1 level were estimated. RESULTS: AnxA1 serum level was higher in patients with ACS (3.35 ± 0.84) compared with healthy controls (1.71 ± 0.91) and nonstatin using patients (1.47 ± 0.76) (P = 0.005). CONCLUSION: AnxA1 serum level is reduced in patients with ACS compared with healthy controls. Patients with ACS on statins therapy showed a higher level of AnxA1 compared with patients with ACS but not on statin therapy.
LDL/apo B ratio predict coronary heart disease in Type 2 diabetes independent of ASCVD risk score: A case-cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a major mortality risk factor in patients with diabetes. LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) is a major risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis. There is one apolipoprotein B (ApoB) molecule in each LDL particle. We aimed to evaluate the predictive value of the LDL-C/ApoB ratio for CHD in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS AND RESULTS: In this case-cohort study (apo)lipoproteins and glycemic indices were measured in 1058 individuals with T2D from February 2002 to March 2019, with a median duration of follow up of 10 years. Of 1058 patients with T2D, coronary heart disease occurred in 242 patients. Increased waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, and hemoglobin A1c, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)/Apolipoprotein B (ApoB) ratio, presence of hypertension and metabolic syndrome, and insulin and statin use were more prevalent among patients with CHD (P < 0.001). Logistic regression analysis showed that an LDL-C/ApoB ratio equal or lower than 1.2 could predict CHD independent of ASCVD risk score [adjusted OR:1.841, CI:1.257-2.698, P < 0.001] when adjusted for multiple confounders. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) did not predict CHD. CONCLUSION: This study showed that LDL-C/ApoB ratio, but not the atherogenic index of plasma, may be considered as an indicator of CHD independent of the ASCVD risk score in patients with T2D. This finding merits further clarification to optimize preventive strategies for CHD.
Effects of PCSK9 Inhibition on Coronary Atherosclerosis Regression of Nontarget Lesions after Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients.; AIMS: To evaluate the regression of coronary atherosclerosis with proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibition in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients following primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI). Methods and Result. We examined 40 nontarget lesions in 17 ACS patients who underwent PPCI and were treated with PCSK9 inhibitors. At 1 year, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and atherogenic index (AI) decreased significantly by 2.5 mmol/L, 2.01 mmol/L, and 1.86, respectively. On quantitative coronary angiography, treatment with PCSK9 inhibitors reduced significantly the atherosclerotic area stenosis in nontarget lesions (61.18 ± 14.55 at baseline vs. 52.85 ± 15.51 at 1 year, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: After 1 year of PCSK9 inhibition treatment for ACS patients, the area stenosis of non-TLR was considerably reduced.
Which Biomarker(s) Augment the Diagnostic Value of the Positive Exercise Electrocardiography Test: Systemic Inflammatory Index, Plasma Atherogenic Index, or Monocyte/HDL-C Ratio?; The exercise electrocardiography test (EET) is still used before coronary angiography in the diagnosis of chronic coronary syndromes. This study aimed to demonstrate the value of the combination of a positive EET with the systemic inflammatory index (SII), the plasma atherogenic index (PAI), and the monocyte/HDL-C ratio (MHR) in the determination of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). This single-center, retrospective study included 540 patients who underwent coronary angiography after ETT. The patients were separated into Group 1, comprising 434 patients with normal coronary arteries and non-obstructive CAD, and Group 2, including 106 with obstructive CAD. In Group 2, the patients were separated into SYNTAX ≤ 22 or ≥23. Glucose, low-density lipoprotein, white blood cells, and MHR were determined to be significantly higher in Group 2 (p < 0.05). According to the multivariate logistic regression analysis, age, gender, diabetes mellitus, and low-density lipoprotein were determined to be independent predictors of CAD. In the ROC curve analysis, a cut-off value of 12 for the MHR in the determination of obstructive CAD had a sensitivity of 60.4% and a specificity of 53.0%. The main result of this study was that a high MHR is an indicator of obstructive CAD in patients with positive EET and suspected CAD.
Gender-and lesion number-dependent difference in "atherogenic index of plasma" in Chinese people with coronary heart disease.; Few studies has investigated the interrelationship between Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and coronary heart disease (CHD) especially in Asians. AIP is the logarithmically transformed ratio of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and is thought to be associated with arteriosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Of the 463 patients from Central Hospital of Nanchong in 2011-2014 diagnosed with angiograms, 229 CHD (>50% stenosis in one or more arteries) and the rest 234 were the controls (maximum stenosis < 10% in any artery) according to the world health organization (who) diagnostic criteria. The multiple regression analysis showed that AIP was independently associated with CHD in men (odds ratio (OR) = 4.44, 95%CI 1.62-12.21, P = 0.004) after adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), fasting blood glucose(FBG), homocysteine (Hcy), and smoking, but not in women (OR = 0.47, 95%CI 0.11-2.08, P = 0.318). Subgroup analysis showed that the significant difference in AIP between the CHD and the controls only exists in patients with multi-vessel lesions but not in those with single-vessel lesion. Further large-scale studies with balanced sex ratio and vessel lesion numbers should verify the present findings.
[Serum butyrylcholinesterase/HDL-cholesterol ratio and atherogenic index of plasma in patients with fatty liver disease].; Cardiovascular diseases on an atherosclerotic basis are a serious health problem. Atherosclerosis is a multifactorial pathological process with complex pathogenesis. Its origin and development is conditioned by a set of several risk factors. Changes in the spectrum of lipoproteins are one of the well-known, serious risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The results of several authors showed, that the examination of the ratio of some lipoproteins can provide more accurate information about the cardiovascular risk in a given individual than the individual lipid parameters alone. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is currently the most common form of chronic hepatopathy. The aim of our study was to examine lipoprotein ratios - atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and butyrylcholinesterase/ HDL-cholesterol ratio - in patients with NAFLD and to evaluate their changes in relation to the severity of hepatic steatosis. The study group consisted of 64 patients with hepatic steatosis, 32 men and 32 women. Patients were examined for fatty liver index (FLI), with FLI values above 60.0 signaling the presence of steatosis. From the biochemical parameters, we examined the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols and butyrylcholinesterase activity in patients with fatty liver disease. As the results of our study showed, both basic lipid parameters - total cholesterol and triacylglycerols - were increased in patients with hepatic steatosis compared to the values in the control group (Chol: 3,59 ± 0,16 vs. 5,14 ± 0,14 mmol/l; TAG: 0,85 ± 0,06 vs. 1,86 ± 0,14 mmol/l). Both investigated lipoprotein ratios - AIP and the BChE / HDL-cholesterol ratio were also significantly increased in patients with liver steatosis (AIP: -0,191 ± 0,04 vs. 0,157 ± 0,04; BChE/HDL-C: 3171 ± 123 vs. 4602 ± 291). The value of the BChE/HDL-cholesterol ratio correlated well with the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio (correl.coeff. 0,802) as well as with the atherogenic index of plasma (correl.coeff. 0,702). The findings of elevated AIP and BChE/HDL-C ratios confirmed the hypothesis of an increased risk of cardiovascular disease in patients with fatty liver disease. The finding of a significant positive correlation between AIP and BChE/HDL-C on the one hand and fatty liver index (FLI) on the other hand suggests that cardiovascular risk increases with the severity of steatotic liver injury.
A comparative study of lipid profile and oestradiol in pre- and post-menopausal women.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the relationship between the menopausal status and related hormonal variation of oestradiol with plasma lipid concentrations. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fifty premenopausal women and fifty postmenopausal women subjects were selected. Data was collected through clinical evaluation from questionnaires and laboratory investigations. Plasma oestradiol and lipid profile determinations were done by using competitive binding immunoassay methods and enzymatic methods respectively. Student's T test and Pearson's test of correlation were used for the statistical analysis. P-values of < 0.05 were considered to be statistically significant. RESULTS: There was a significant increase in serum Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), LDL-cholesterol and VLDL-cholesterol levels in post-menopausal women. HDL-cholesterol level was significantly decreased in post-menopausal women. The calculated atherogenic index (Total Cholesterol/HDL ratio) was significantly increased in post-menopausal women as compared to that in premenopausal women. Oestradiol concentration was significantly lower (p<0.001) in post-menopausal women. DISCUSSION: Oestrogen changes the vascular permeability by increasing nitrous oxide production. It maintains a healthy lipoprotein profile. It stabilizes the endothelial cells, enhances antioxidant effect and alters fibrinolysis protein. All these cardioprotective mechanisms are lost in menopause. Postmenopausal women develop an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSION: Menopause leads to changes in lipid profile by reducing HDL, and elevating Total Cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), LDL-cholesterol and VLDL-cholesterol, thus increasing the risk for cardiovascular disease. These changes are caused by reduced oestrogen concentrations which are seen in menopause.
Comparison of atherogenic index and lipid profiles in candidates for coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus normal people.; Information on incidence and risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is rare in the Middle East. This study aims to compare Iranian candidates for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery and healthy controls in terms of lipid profile, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), and atherosclerosis index (ASTI). The individuals recruited in this study were 135 CVD patients before CABG surgery and 135 healthy subjects matching in age with the cases. Lipid profiles of the two groups were analyzed with a commercial kit. The AIP and ASTI indexes were calculated with related formula. The TC, TG, LDL-C and HDL-c parameters were dramatically changed (p<0.01) between study groups. AIP and ASTI indexes were significantly higher in patients than in healthy people (p=0.001). In individuals with CVD, it is suggested to measure these indexes in order for effective diagnosis before CABG surgery.
Atherogenic Risk Assessment among Persons Living in Rural Uganda.; Background. Hypertension and dyslipidemia are independent risk factors for coronary heart disease and commonly coexist. Cardiovascular risk can be reliably predicted using lipid ratios such as the atherogenic index, a useful prognostic parameter for guiding timely interventions. Objective. We assessed the cardiovascular risk profile based on the atherogenic index of residents within a rural Ugandan cohort. Methods. In 2011, a population based survey was conducted among 7507 participants. Sociodemographic characteristics, physical measurements (blood pressure, weight, height, and waist and hip circumference), and blood sampling for nonfasting lipid profile were collected for each participant. Atherogenic risk profile, defined as logarithm base ten of (triglyceride divided by high density lipoprotein cholesterol), was categorised as low risk (<0.1), intermediate risk (0.1-0.24), and high risk (>0.24). Results. Fifty-five percent of participants were female and the mean age was 49.9 years (SD ± 20.2). Forty-two percent of participants had high and intermediate atherogenic risk. Persons with hypertension, untreated HIV infection, abnormal glycaemia, and obesity and living in less urbanised villages were more at risk. Conclusion. A significant proportion of persons in this rural population are at risk of atherosclerosis. Key identified populations at risk should be considered for future intervention against cardiovascular related morbidity and mortality. The study however used parameters from unfasted samples that may have a bearing on observed results.
Kale juice improves coronary artery disease risk factors in hypercholesterolemic men.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of 3-month kale (Brassica oleracea acephala) juice supplementation on coronary artery disease risk factors among hypercholesterolemic men. METHODS: Thirty-two men with hypercholesterolemia (> 200 mg/dL) were recruited after annual health examinations among the faculty and staff at university. The subjects consumed 150 mL of kale juice per day for a 12-week intervention period. Dietary and anthropometric assessments were performed and blood samples were collected to evaluate biochemical profiles before and after supplementation. RESULTS: Serum concentrations of HDL-cholesterol, and HDL- to LDL-cholesterol ratio were significantly increased by 27% (P<0.0001) and 52% (P<0.0001), respectively. The LDL-cholesterol concentration and the atherogenic index were significantly reduced by 10% (P=0.0007) and 24.2% (P<0.0001), respectively without affecting body mass index, waist and hip circumferences, or nutrient intakes after three months of supplementation. While there was no difference in the concentration of malondialdehyde, significant increase in glutathione peroxidase activity (P=0.0005) were accompanied by a significant increase in the serum selenium level (P=0.0132). It was also found that the responses of these risk factors to kale juice administration were dependent on smoking status. CONCLUSION: Regular meals supplementation with kale juice can favorably influence serum lipid profiles and antioxidant systems, and hence contribute to reduce the risks of coronary artery disease in male subjects with hyperlipidemia.
The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction.; BACKGROUND: No-reflow (NR) is the inability to achieve adequate myocardial perfusion despite successful restoration of attegrade blood flow in the infarct-related artery after primary percutaneous coronary intervention. The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio has been shown to be superior to conventional lipid markers in predicting most cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we wanted to reveal the predictive value of the NR by comparing the Non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio with traditional and non-traditional lipid markers in patients who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI) due to ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). METHODS: A total of 1284 consecutive patients who underwent pPCI for STEMI were included in this study. Traditional lipid profiles were detected and non-traditional lipid indices were calculated. Patients were classified as groups with and without NR and compared in terms of lipid profiles. RESULTS: No-reflow was seen in 18.8% of the patients. SYNTAX score, maximal stent length, high thrombus burden, atherogenic index of plasma and non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio were determined as independent predictors for NR (p < 0.05, for all). The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio predicts the development of NR in STEMI patients with 71% sensitivity and 67% specificity at the best cut-off value. In ROC curve analysis, the non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio was superior to traditional and non-traditional lipid markers in predicting NR (p < 0.05, for all). CONCLUSION: The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio can be a strong and independent predictor of NR in STEMI patients and and therefore non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio may be a useful lipid-based biomarker that can be used in clinical practice to improve the accuracy of risk assessment in patients with STEMI.
Association of circulating selenium concentration with dyslipidemia: Results from the NHANES.; BACKGROUND: Observational studies have suggested that selenium levels might associate with the risk of cardio-metabolic diseases, but how circulating selenium is related to dyslipidemia remains inconclusive. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association of circulating selenium levels with lipid profiles and dyslipidemia among US adults. METHODS: Using the data collected from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 1999-2006), we performed multivariate logistic regression to examine the association of circulating selenium levels (in quartiles) with total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), non-HDL-C, and atherogenic index (AI). RESULTS: We included 2903 adults (49.3 % male) (average age: 61.9) for analysis. Circulating selenium had non-linear association with TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, and AI (all p < 0.05). When comparing with the lowest quartile, subjects with the highest quartile of circulating selenium (>147.00 μg/L) had the higher odds of elevated TG (OR: 1.75, 95% CI = 1.14, 2.68), TC (OR: 2.47, 95% CI = 1.62, 3.76), LDL-C (OR: 2.52, 95% CI = 1.60, 3.96), non-HDL-C (OR: 2.17, 95% CI = 1.41, 3.33), AI (OR: 1.20, 95% CI = 0.73, 1.97) and low-HDL-C (OR: 2.10, 95% CI = 1.19, 3.72). Similar patterns were observed in subgroup analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Higher circulating selenium levels had non-linear association with lipid profiles and the increased odds of dyslipidemia.
Evaluation of the Atherogenic Index of Plasma to Predict All-Cause Mortality in Elderly With Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Long-Term Follow-Up.; The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) and acute coronary syndrome (ACS), but the relationship between AIP and ACS in elderly patients remains unclear. We investigated the prognostic capability of AIP for in-hospital and long-term mortality in elderly patients with ACS undergoing coronary angiography (CA). We analyzed 627 patients with ACS over 75 years of age who were admitted to our clinic between April 2015 and December 2022 and underwent CA. The primary clinical endpoints were in-hospital, 30-day, 1-year, and long-term mortality. The median follow-up time was 27 months. AIP was defined as log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). In-hospital mortality rates for patients with AIP ≤.1 and AIP >.1 were 4.7% and 17.6% (P < .001), 30-day mortality rates were 8.7% and 32.2% (P = .01), 1-year mortality rates were 12.1% and 45.1% (P < .001), and long-term mortality rates were 47.3% and 67.5% (P < .001), respectively. Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed AIP, age, left ventricle ejection fraction (LVEF), admission creatinine, and Killip ≥2 as independent predictors for long-term mortality. AIP can predict in-hospital and long-time all-cause mortality in elderly patients with ACS undergoing CA. Age, LVEF, admission creatinine, and Killip ≥2 are additional factors that predict long-term all-cause mortality.
Analyses of risk factors of ischemic heart disease in diabetics--multivariate analyses.; In order to confirm the principal risk factor of ischemic heart disease (IHD) in diabetes, multivariate analyses were performed. ST depression in electrocardiogram (ST-ECG) and 18 other clinical-laboratory findings (sex, age, duration of diabetes, blood pressure, cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, etc.) were measured in 70 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients. ST-ECG findings were divided into five ranges as an index of the severity of IHD, based on the assumption that the degree of ST-ECG would provide a reasonable correlation to the grade of IHD. In partial correlation analysis, the degree of ST-ECG was significantly correlated both to the level of triglyceride (r = 0.455, p less than 0.001) and to blood pressure (r = 0.392, p less than 0.01), but not to the other 16 variables. Three selected variables (blood pressure, triglyceride and atherogenic index) were sufficient to provide a satisfactory discrimination between patients with and without IHD. Five selected variables (sex, blood pressure, triglyceride, atherogenic index and weight index) were sufficient for evaluation of regression. These results suggest that the high level of triglyceride and hypertension are essential risk factors of IHD in diabetes. It is noticeable that the high level of triglyceride is one of the independent risk factors of IHD in diabetes; it does not depend on the degree of control of hyperglycemia or on the other variables.
Effects of co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine on some cardiovascular disease indices in rats.; The effects of co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine on some cardiovascular disease indices were investigated in albino rats (Rattus novergicus). The experimental animals were randomly divided into four groups: those administered distilled water (control), those administered artesunate (2 mg/kg body weight), those administered amodiaquine (6.12 mg/kg body weight) and those co-administered artesunate (2 mg/kg body weight) and amodiaquine (6.12 mg/kg body weight). The drugs were orally administered twice daily for three days after which the serum lipid profile, heart MDA content and heart ALP and ACP activities were determined. Artesunate significantly reduced (P<0.05) total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in the serum with no significant effects (P>0.05) on other parameters compared to controls. Amodiaquine, on the other hand, significantly reduced (P<0.05) serum total cholesterol concentration while it significantly increased (P<0.05) serum LDL-cholesterol and heart ACP activity compared to controls. Co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine significantly reduced (P<0.05) total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in the serum while significantly increasing (P<0.05) serum LDL-cholesterol concentration, atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C) and ACP activity in the heart compared to controls. The results obtained suggest that co-administration of artesunate and amodiaquine to patients with coronary heart disease should be with caution.
Coronary artery disease in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.; Serum lipids, lipoproteins and Achilles tendon thickness in 52 patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) were investigated in order to clarify what are the important factors for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) in heterozygous FH patients. There were no significant differences in the average concentration of total cholesterol and triglyceride between the patients with and those without CAD. The HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) level was significantly lower in patients with CAD than in those without, and the HDL-C value was within the normal range in most of the patients with heterozygous FH, if not associated with CAD. Although most of the males aged over 50 years had CAD and a decreased level of HDL-C, many of the aged females were without signs of CAD. The HDL-C value of heterozygous FH patients with CAD was significantly lower compared with the age-matched group without CAD. The Achilles tendon was thicker in patients with CAD than in those without CAD, both for males and females, although it was less closely correlated with the incidence of CAD than HDL-C or the atherogenic index. A forecast concerning the development of CAD in heterozygous FH may be possible if we consider multiple parameters, such as HDL-C, atherogenic index, Achilles tendon thickness, etc.
Does Family History of Obesity, Cardiovascular, and Metabolic Diseases Influence Onset and Severity of Childhood Obesity?; OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to evaluate (1) the metabolic profile and cardiometabolic risk in overweight/obese children at first assessment, stratifying patients according to severity of overweight and age; and (2) to investigate the relationship between family history (FH) for obesity and cardiometabolic diseases and severity of childhood obesity. METHODS: In this cross-sectional, retrospective, observational study, 260 children (139 female), aged between 2.4 and 17.2 years, with overweight and obesity were recruited. Data regarding FH for obesity and cardiometabolic diseases were collected. Each patient underwent clinical and auxological examination and fasting blood sampling for metabolic profile. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and atherogenic index of plasma were calculated. To evaluate the severity of obesity, children were divided into two groups for BMI standard deviation (SD) ≤2.5 and BMI SD >2.5. Moreover, study population was analyzed, dividing it into three groups based on the chronological age of patient (<8, 8-11, >11 years). RESULTS: BMI SD was negatively correlated with chronological age (p < 0.005) and significantly higher in the group of children <8 years. BMI SD was positively associated with FH for obesity. Patients with more severe obesity (BMI SD >2.5) were younger (p < 0.005), mostly prepubertal, presented a significantly higher HOMA-IR (p = 0.04), and had a significantly higher prevalence of FH for arterial hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and coronary heart disease than the other group. CONCLUSION: (1) Family history of obesity and cardiometabolic diseases are important risk factors for precocious obesity onset in childhood and are related to the severity of obesity. (2) Metabolic profile, especially HOMA-IR, is altered even among the youngest obese children at first evaluation. (3) Stratification of obesity severity, using BMI SD, is effective to estimate the cardiometabolic risk of patients.
Cardioprotective Effect of Low Level of LDL Cholesterol on Perioperative Myocardial Injury in Off-Pump Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting.; Background and Objectives: Coronary artery disease is still a major cause of death in developed countries. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering with statin therapy is a key strategy in major acute coronary events' prevention. The aim of the study was to establish if there is a cardioprotective effect of pre-operative LDL lowering therapy on perioperative myocaridal injury in patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Moreover, the impact of pre-operative LDL level on long term outcome was analysed. Materials and Methods: The retrospective single center analysis included 662 consecutive patients (431 (65%) males and 231 (35%) female, mean age of 65 ± 8) referred for cardiac surgery due to stable chronic coronary syndrome between 2012-2018. The follow up was 9 years. Results: A statistically significant difference was found in postoperative serum Troponin-I for LDL thresholds of 1.8 mmol/L (p = 0.009), 2.6 mmol/L (p = 0.03) and 3.0 mmol/L (p = 0.001). The results indicate that cardioprotective role of LDL is achieved within LDL concentration rate below 1.8 mmol/L (<70 mg/dL). Five patients died perioperatively, whereas 1-year and 9-year overall mortality rates were 4% (n = 28) and 18.6% (n = 123), respectively. Comparing the survival group with diseased, Mann-Whitney U test showed a statistically significant difference in HDL-C (p = 0.007), Troponin (p = 0.009), Castelli index (p = 0.001) and atherogenic index (p = 0.004). Preoperative levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C and HDL-C did not significantly differ between survivors and diseased. The 9-year mortality risk did not differ significantly between subgroups divided according to LDL-C thresholds of 1.4 mmol/L (55 mg/dL), 1.8 mmol/L (70 mg/dL), 2.6 mmol/L (100 mg/dL) and 3.0 mmol/L (116 mg/dL). Conclusions: Preoperative low level of LDL-C cholesterol (below 1.83 mmol/L, 70 mg/dL) has a cardioprotective effect on perioperative myocardial injury in off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
Two parameters reflect lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome: atherogenic index of plasma, neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio.; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis is a systemic, lipid-driven immune-inflammatory disease. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed institutional electronic medical records to seek chest pain patients who were suspicious of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) between January 2011 and December 2013. All the patients were identified by undergoing coronary angiography. On admission white blood cell and its subtypes were measured as part of the automated complete blood count and fasting venous blood samples were obtained and analyzed for lipids profiles used automated analysis. RESULTS: A total of 376 consecutive patients with ACS were investigated. In the same period, 378 patients admitted with chest pain suspicious of ACS were also included in this study for control. Blood glucose, serum creatinine, white blood cell, neutrophil and monocyte were insignificantly higher in the ACS group. ACS group had higher total cholesterol and lower high density lipid-cholesterol. However, triglyceride and low density lipid-cholesterol were similar between ACS and control groups. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was significantly higher in ACS group compared to control group (p = 0.029). Similarly, ACS group had higher neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) than those in control group. In the subgroups, the NLR were significantly higher in the STEMI group (p < 0.001). However, AIP were similar between the three subgroups (p = 0.748). CONCLUSIONS: Our data firstly investigated the lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome through two easily feasible parameters. There suggest that there are higher AIP and NLR in the ACS patients. Moreover, ACS subgroups are all lipid-driven states, but inflammation levels are different in the entity ACS subgroups.
High atherogenic risk concomitant with elevated HbA1c among persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus in North Ethiopia.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic disease associated with worse clinical presentation. However, the current investigation practices in Ethiopia have limitations to demonstrate the scope of the clinical burden. Hence, this study was aimed at assessing the glycemic status and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk of persons with T2DM using HbA1c and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). METHOD: This institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 421 adults with T2DM from September to November 2019. Demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle data were collected through a face-to-face interview. Clinical information was retrieved from medical records whereas anthropometric and biochemical measurements were performed using the WHO protocols. Glycemic status was determined using HbA1c and CHD risk assessed using an atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Gaussian variables were expressed using mean and standard deviation (SD), Log-normal variables using geometric mean and 95% CI and non- Gaussian variables using median and interquartile ranges. Categorical variables were summarized using absolute frequencies and percentages. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify factors associated with glycemic control with a statistical significance set at 5%. RESULT: A total of 195 male and 226 female subjects were involved in this study. The results demonstrated that 77% (324) had HbA1c value ≥7% and 87.2% (367) had high atherogenic risk for CHD. Besides, 57% and 67.9% of persons with T2DM had metabolic syndrome according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and the National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult treatment panel III (NCEP-ATP III) criteria, respectively. About 36.8% had one or more comorbidities. Having healthy eating behavior [AOR 1.95; CI 1.11-3.43] and taking metformin [AOR 4.88; CI 1.91-12.44] were associated with better glycemic outcomes. CONCLUSION: High AIP level concomitant with poor glycemic control indicates increased risk for coronary heart disease among persons with T2DM in Northern Ethiopia.
The atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from an observational cohort study in China.; BACKGROUND: Many studies have reported the predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in the progression of atherosclerosis and the prognosis of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, the utility of the AIP for prediction is unknown after PCI among type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: 2356 patients with T2DM who underwent PCI were enrolled and followed up for 4 years. The primary outcome was major cardiovascular and cerebrovascular adverse events (MACCEs), considered to be a combination of cardiogenic death, myocardial infarction, repeated revascularization, and stroke. Secondary endpoints included all-cause mortality, target vessel revascularization (TVR), and non-target vessel revascularization (non-TVR). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression modelling found that the AIP was correlated with prognosis and verified by multiple models. According to the optimal cut-off point of the ROC curve, the population was divided into high/low-AIP groups. A total of 821 pairs were successfully matched using propensity score matching. Then, survival analysis was performed on both groups. RESULTS: The overall incidence of MACCEs was 20.50% during a median of 47.50 months of follow-up. The multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis before matching suggested that the AIP was an independent risk factor for the prognosis of T2DM after PCI (hazard ratio [HR] 1.528, 95% CI 1.100-2.123, P = 0.011). According to the survival analysis of the matched population, the prognosis of the high AIP group was significantly worse than that of the low AIP group (HR (95% CI) 1.614 (1.303-2.001), P < 0.001), and the difference was mainly caused by repeat revascularization. The low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) level did not affect the prognosis of patients with T2DM (P = 0.169), and the effect of the AIP on prognosis was also not affected by LDL-C level (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The AIP, a comprehensive index of lipid management in patients with T2DM, affects prognosis after PCI. The prognosis of diabetic patients with high levels of the AIP included more MACCEs and was not affected by LDL-C levels. It is recommended to monitor the AIP for lipid management in diabetic patients after PCI and ensure that the AIP is not higher than 0.318. Trial registration This is an observational cohort study that does not involve interventions. So we didn't register. We guarantee that the research is authentic and reliable, and hope that your journal can give us a chance.
Prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.; BACKGROUND: The association of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), an emerging lipid index that can predict the risk for cardiovascular disease, with adverse outcomes in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has not been determined. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate whether the AIP could independently predict adverse cardiovascular events in T2DM patients with ACS undergoing PCI. METHODS: This study was a retrospective analysis of a single-centre prospective registry involving 826 consecutive T2DM patients who underwent primary or elective PCI for ACS from June 2016 to November 2017. This study ultimately included 798 patients (age, 61 ± 10 years; male, 72.7%). The AIP was calculated as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the plasma concentration of triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C). All the patients were divided into 4 groups based on the AIP quartiles. The primary endpoint was a composite of death from any cause, non-fatal spontaneous myocardial infarction (MI), non-fatal ischaemic stroke, and unplanned repeat revascularization. The key secondary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, and non-fatal ischaemic stroke. RESULTS: During a median follow-up period of 927 days, 198 patients developed at least one event. An unadjusted Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that the incidence of the primary endpoint increased gradually with rising AIP quartiles (log-rank test, P = 0.001). A multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis revealed that compared with the lowest AIP quartile, the top AIP quartile was associated with significantly increased risk for the primary and key secondary endpoints (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.249, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.438 to 3.517, P < 0.001; and HR: 2.571, 95% CI: 1.027 to 6.440, P = 0.044, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: A higher AIP value on admission was independently and strongly associated with adverse cardiovascular events in T2DM patients with ACS undergoing PCI.
The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention.; Because the phenomenon of no reflow has a poor prognosis in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been shown to be a strong predictor of coronary heart disease, we aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and no-reflow in patients with acute STEMI who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). A total of 763 consecutive STEMI patients (648 men; mean age 58 ± 12 years) who underwent primary PCI were recruited for this study. The patients were classified into a reflow group (n = 537) and a no-reflow group (n = 226) according to the postprocedural angiographic features of thrombolysis in the myocardial infarction flow of the infarct-related artery. The AIP value was significantly higher in the no-reflow group than in the reflow group [0.50 (0.38-0.65) vs. 0.39 (0.25-0.49) p < .001], and AIP was found to be an independent predictor of no-reflow development. The best cut-off value of AIP for predicting no-reflow was 0.54, with sensitivity of 46.02 and specificity of 84,73. In addition, the predictive power of AIP was greater than that of triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol based on a receiver operator curve comparison. The AIP was independently associated with no-reflow in patients with STEMI after primary PCI. This might be a superior indicator compared to traditional lipid profiles.
The synergistic effect of the atherogenic index of plasma and hyperuricemia on the prediction of coronary chronic total occlusion lesion: an observational cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and hyperuricemia (HUA) have been shown to be closely associated with morbidity and mortality of coronary artery disease. However, studies targeting predictive value of AIP and HUA for chronic total occlusion (CTO) lesions are still lacking. METHODS: In total, 5,238 patients meeting the eligibility criteria were recruited in this analysis. CTO was defined as the condition of lesions without forward blood flow and with over three months of occlusion time. AIP was calculated as log10 [triglycerides (mmol/L)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mmol/L)]. HUA was defined based on sex-specific criteria: serum uric acid 420 and 360 μmol/L for males and females, respectively. RESULTS: CTO lesions were presented in 907 (17.3%) patients. Compared with patients showing lower AIP levels and non-HUA, the CTO lesion risks increased by 5.225 and 2.765 times in patients with higher AIP levels and HUA. Patients with AIP >0.15 and HUA exhibited the greatest CTO incidence (odds ratio 11.491; 95% confidence interval 9.019-14.641, P < 0.001). In addition, AIP combined with HUA had significantly increased effects (a 38.5% increase in CTO risk) relative to the sum of respective effects. CONCLUSION: Patients having higher AIP levels and HUA exhibited the highest CTO incidence, in comparison with patients who have the increased single index. AIP combined with HUA displayed significant synergistic effect on the prediction of CTO lesion.
High-density lipoprotein cholesterol efflux capacity as a relevant predictor of atherosclerotic coronary disease.; BACKGROUND: We examined the clinical relevance of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) efflux capacity from macrophage (cholesterol efflux capacity) as a predictor of atherosclerotic coronary artery disease (CAD) in comparison with that of conventional coronary and lipid risk variables in Japanese daily practice. METHODS AND RESULTS: Fasting blood sampling, including 6 routinely measured dyslipidemia-related variables, was performed at the time of coronary angiography (CAG) or multi-slice coronary computed tomography (MSCT) between January 2011 and January 2013. CAD, defined as native coronary atherosclerosis stenosis >50% by CAG or MSCT, was identified in 182 patients (CAD group), but not in 72 patients (non-CAD group). Cholesterol efflux capacity, measured using a cell-based efflux system in (3)[H]-cholesterol-labeled J774 macrophages in apolipoprotein B-depleted plasma, was significantly impaired in the CAD group compared with the non-CAD group (0.86 ± 0.26 vs. 1.02 ± 0.38; p = 0.001). After adjusting 15 patient and dyslipidemia-related variables using a propensity score matching analysis produced 55 patients in each arm, cholesterol efflux capacity in the CAD group remained to be significant compared with the non-CAD group (0.83 ± 0.24 vs. 0.97 ± 0.36; p = 0.019). Stepwise logistic regression analysis using a backward method after the baseline adjustment showed that cholesterol efflux capacity (odds ratio [OR]: 0.23; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.056-0.91; p = 0.037) was the single predictor of CAD, while other variables including HDL-C (p = 0.088) and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I (p = 0.681) were removed owing to those insignificance. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve after the baseline adjustment was 0.67 (95% CI: 0.51-0.73, p = 0.048 by Hosmer-Lemeshow goodness-of-fit statistics). CONCLUSIONS: The present observational study conducted under daily clinical practice confirmed that cholesterol efflux capacity is a clinically relevant predictor of CAD among the conventional coronary risk factors and dyslipidemia-related variables.
Association of C-peptide and lipoprotein(a) as two predictors with cardiometabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes in KERCADR population-based study.; We sought association between serum Lipoprotein(a) and C-Peptide levels as two predictors with cardiometabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This nested case-control study was conducted on 253 participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus and control from the second phase of the KERCADR cohort study. The participants were randomly allocated into case and control groups. The quantitative levels of Lipoprotein(a) and C-Peptide were measured by ELISA. Atherogenic indices of plasma were measured. The plasma Atherogenic Index of Plasma significantly decreased (P = 0.002) in case-male participants, and plasma Castelli Risk Index II level significantly increased (P = 0.008) in control-male participants with the highest dichotomy of Lipoprotein(a). The plasma Atherogenic Index of Plasma level in case-female participants significantly increased (P = 0.023) with the highest dichotomy of C-Peptide. Serum C-Peptide level significantly increased (P = 0.010 and P = 0.002, respectively) in control-male participants with the highest dichotomies of Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Castelli Risk Index I. There was a significant association between the highest quartile of C-Peptide and higher anthropometric values in case participants; and higher atherogenic indices of plasma and anthropometric values in control participants. Raised serum C-peptide than raised Lipoprotein(a) can be a prior predictor for cardiometabolic disease risk in healthy participants and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with increased cardiometabolic biomarkers. Case and control males with general and visceral obesity and case and control females with visceral obesity are exposure to increased C-peptide, respectively. Lipoprotein(a) may be risk independent biomarker for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Reducing raised Lipoprotein(a) levels to less than 30ng/ml with strict control of low density lipoprotein cholesterol would be the best approach to prevent coronary artery disease consequences. It is suggested that a screening system be set up to measure the Lp(a) levels in the community for seemingly healthy people or individuals with one or more cardiometabolic biomarkers.
The sensibility of the new blood lipid indicator--atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in menopausal women with coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia is a key driver of coronary artery disease (CAD) development. This study aimed to determine whether the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a novel comprehensive lipid index, is an independent and reliable predictor of CAD risk in postmenopausal women. METHODS: A cohort of consecutive 4644 postmenopausal women (aged 50 or above) undergoing coronary angiography (CAG) in Anzhen Hospital (Beijing, China) from January-December 2014 was included in the analysis. Of them, 3039 women were CAD patients, and 1605 were non-CAD subjects. RESULTS: Relative to control subjects, TG levels in CAD patients were higher and HDL-C levels were lower. In CAD patients, non-traditional lipid profile values (TC/HDL-C, AI, and AIP) were significantly elevated relative to controls. AIP was positively correlated with TC (r = 0.157), TG (r = 0.835), LDL-C (r = 0.058), non-HDL-C (r = 0.337), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.683), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.437), LCI (r = 0.662), and AI (r = 0.684), and negatively correlated with HDL-C (r = - 0.682) (all P < 0.001), but was independent of age (r = - 0.022; P = 0.130) and BMI (r = 0.020, P = 0.168). Aunivariate logistic regression analysis revealed AIP to be the measured lipid parameter most closely related to CAD, and its unadjusted odds ratio was 1.824 (95% CI: 1.467-2.267, P < 0.001). After adjusting for several CAD risk factors (age, BMI, smoking, drinking, EH, DM, hyperlipidemia, and family history of CVD, AIP was still found to represent a significant CAD risk factor (OR 1.553, 95% CI: 1.234-1.955, P < 0. 001). CONCLUSION: AIP may be a powerful independent predictor of CAD risk in Chinese Han postmenopausal women, and may be superior to the traditional lipid indices.
Evaluation of Plasma Atherogenic Index, Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Other Lipid Ratios as Predictive Biomarkers of Coronary Artery Disease in Different Age Groups.; (1) Background: Dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance are major risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study investigated the relationship between plasma atherogenic index (PA-I), triglyceride-glucose index (TGI) and other lipid ratios with the presence and prediction of CAD among different age categories. (2) Methods: The study included 223 participants diagnosed with CAD and those with normal coronary arteries (normal group) by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). Participants were categorised by age and sex: premature CAD (PCAD) for men under 55 and women under 65, and older groups as elderly. (3) Results: PA-I, Lipid Combined Index, Castelli Risk Indices, and TGI were significantly higher in the PCAD group compared to the control group (p < 0.05). ROC analysis showed that a PA-I cut-off of 0.41 had a sensitivity of 62% and a specificity of 58% for predicting PCAD, while a TGI cut-off of 8.74 had a sensitivity of 68% and a specificity of 62%. In the elderly, no significant differences in these indices were found between the CAD and normal groups. (4) Conclusions: Traditional lipid profiles and non-traditional lipid indices such as PA-I and TGI show significant differences in predicting CAD in younger populations but not in older groups. TGI and PA-I may be promising biomarkers for the prediction of PAD, although further validation is needed.
Novel predictors and adverse long-term outcomes of No-reflow phenomenon in patients with acute ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention.; OBJECTIVES: The no-reflow phenomenon occurs in 25% of patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), and may be associated with adverse outcomes. The aim of our study was to detect novel predictors of no-reflow phenomenon and the resulting adverse long term outcomes. METHODS: We enrolled 400 STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI; 228 patients had TIMI flow 3 after PCI (57%) and the remaining 172 patients had TIMI flow <3 (43%). Fibrinogen to albumin ratio (FAR), high sensitive C-reactive protein to albumin ratio (CAR), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. Long term mortality and morbidity during 6 months follow up were recorded. These data were compared among both groups. RESULTS: In multivariate regression analysis, old age (OR = 1.115, 95% CI: 1.032-1.205, P = 0.006), higher troponin level >5.6 ng/mL (OR = 1.040, 95% CI: 1.001-1.080, P = 0.04), diabetes mellitus (OR = 4.401, 95% CI: 1.081-17.923, P = 0.04) and heavy thrombus burden (OR = 16.915, 95% CI: 5.055-56.602, P < 0.001) could be considered as predictors for the development of no-reflow. Interestingly, CAR >0.21, FAR >11.56, and AIP >0.52 could be considered as novel powerful independent predictors (OR = 3.357, 95% CI: 2.288-4.927, P < 0.001, OR = 4.187, 95% CI: 2.761-6.349, P < 0.001, OR = 16.794, 95% CI: 1.018-277.01, P = 0.04, respectively). Higher long term mortality (P < 0.001) and heart failure (P < 0.001) was also strongly related to incidence of no-reflow. CONCLUSION: No-reflow could be attributed to novel predictors as CAR, FAR, and AIP. This phenomenon was associated with long term adverse events as higher mortality and pump failure.
Effect of Zanthoxylum alkylamides on lipid metabolism and its mechanism in rats fed with a high-fat diet.; This research aimed at exploring the effect of Zanthoxylum alkylamides on lipid metabolism and its potential mechanisms using high-fat diet rat model. Treatment with Zanthoxylum alkylamides for 6 weeks, food efficiency and atherogenic index of the low, medium, and high doses of Zanthoxylum alkylamides-treated groups were significantly reduced. Meanwhile, the histopathological structure of the livers showed that hepatic steatosis in the groups treated with Zanthoxylum alkylamides was reduced, particularly the HD group. Moreover, the related genes were studied, such as, liver X receptor (LXR), cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1), hepatic 3-hydroxyl-2-methylglutaryl CoA (HMG-CoA) reductase, sterol regulatory element-binding protein 2 (SREBP-2), ileal bile acid-binding protein (IBABP), sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT), and transient receptor potential vanilloid subtype1 (TRPV1). These results demonstrated that Zanthoxylum alkylamides could ameliorate abnormal lipid metabolism in rats fed with a high-fat diet. The underlying mechanism may be the downregulation of the expression levels of cholesterol synthesis and bile acid reabsorption-related genes, reduction of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase in bile acid and neutral sterol excretion. PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS: High-energy diet is a potential risk of lipid metabolic disorder. Many studies have shown that hyperlipidemia can lead to atherosclerosis and even hemangioma, cerebral thrombosis, coronary heart disease, and other diseases, which seriously threaten human health. Therefore, seeking an effective and safe way to prevent the obesity-related disease is necessary. This research found that Zanthoxylum alkylamide could ameliorate abnormal lipid metabolism in rats fed with a high-fat diet. The underlying mechanism may be the downregulation of the expression levels of cholesterol synthesis and ileal absorption of bile acid genes, reduction of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase in bile acid and neutral sterol excretion. Therefore, Zanthoxylum alkylamide has the potential for preventing or alleviating high-energy intake-related obesity.
Association Between the Atherogenic Index of Plasma and 90-Day Clinical Prognosis in Patients with Acute Pontine Infarction: A Single Center Study.; BACKGROUND: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a biomarker for coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, and metabolic syndrome. However, the mechanism of its action in the acute phase of acute pontine infarction remains unclear. This study investigated the association between the AIP and the short-term prognosis of acute pontine infarction. METHODS: Clinical and laboratory index data of patients admitted to the hospital for acute pontine infarction were continuously included, and these patients were followed up for 90 days after disease onset. The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used to evaluate the 90-day clinical outcomes of the patients, and an mRS score ≥3 was used to define adverse functional outcomes. Univariate analysis was used to detect differences in the indicators between the two groups. Patients were then divided into three groups according to the quantile of the AIP (T1: AIP ≤ 0.029; T2, 0.029 < AIP ≤ 0.248; T3, AIP > 0.248), and a binary logistic regression model was used to assess risk factors for prognosis shortly after acute pontine infarction. RESULTS: A total of 260 patients with acute pontine infarction (mean age=64.5±11.8 years) were included during the study period, and 68 (26.2%) patients had a poor 90-day prognosis. The AIP in the poor 90-day prognosis group was significantly greater (P <0.05) than that in the good 90-day prognosis group. The multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that the AIP (OR=9.829; 95% CI: 2.837-34.051; p < 0.001), baseline NIHSS score (OR=1.663; 95% CI: 1.400-1.975; p < 0.001) and infarct volume (OR=1.762; 95% CI: 1.013-3.062; p=0.045) were significantly associated with poor 90-day prognosis in patients with acute pontine infarction. CONCLUSION: In patients with acute pontine infarction, the AIP may serve as an important biological marker of poor clinical prognosis and is independently associated with poor 90-day prognosis.
Rice bran oil could favorably ameliorate atherogenicity and insulin resistance indices among men with coronary artery disease: post hoc analysis of a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Despite recent advances in recognizing more reliable indicators to estimate the coronary artery disease (CAD) patients' response to treatment and prognosis, less attention has been paid to evaluating them in clinical trials. Hence, the present research was conducted to study the impact of rice bran oil (RBO) versus sunflower oil (SFO) on various atherogenicity and insulin resistance markers. METHODS: In the present 8-week randomized controlled trial, 40 CAD men with an average age of 56 years were allocated randomly into the intervention or control group to use RBO or SFO (30 g/day) plus a standardized dietary plan. As a further analysis, eight atherosclerosis-related indices were calculated before and after the study. RESULTS: Analysis of covariance test in which potential confounders and baseline levels were considered, indicated that using RBO compared to SFO reduced Castelli's risk index I and II (adjusted means:3.29, 1.52 vs. 4.61, 2.20, respectively), atherogenic coefficient (2.29 vs. 3.61), lipoprotein combine index (6.54 vs. 17.53), and cholesterol index (0.46 vs. 1.20) after the trial (P-value ≤ 0.002). Also, the RBO group yielded significantly lower triglyceride glucose index (8.73 vs. 9.13) (P-value = 0.010). Further, marginally significant amelioration in triglyceride/HDL ratio and atherogenic index of plasma (1.48 and 0.13 vs. 1.86 and 0.24 respectively) were noted (P-value = 0.07). Spearman correlation analysis detected significant positive correlations between alterations in TNF-α serum levels (ng/L) and the majority of evaluated indices (P-value < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Taken together, incorporating 30 g of RBO into the patient's usual diet appeared effective in ameliorating atherogenicity and insulin resistance indicators among men with CAD, probably in relation to its anti-inflammatory properties. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The protocol of the current trial was retrospectively recorded in the Iranian clinical trial registration system (IRCT) with the registration number of IRCT20190313043045N1 (URL: https://en.irct.ir/trial/38346 ; Registration date: 2019-04-27).
Evaluation of antihyperlipidemic activity of ethanolic extract of Cassia auriculata flowers.; Hyperlipidemia is a major risk factor for development of coronary artery disease. Cassia auriculata is traditionally used in India for medicinal purposes. In this study, effect of ethanolic extract of Cassia auriculata flowers (Et-CAF) was investigated in Triton WR1339-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Treatment with the Et-CAF (450 mg/kg b.wt) significantly reduced the total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL) levels and significantly increased the high-density lipoprotein (HDL) level associated with reduction of atherogenic index in hyperlipidemic rats. However, there was no change in the serum lipid profile of normal rats treated with Et-CAF alone. The results suggest that Et-CAF has a beneficial effect in treating hyperlipidemia and may serve as a potential drug for prevention of hyperlipidemic atherosclerosis.
Evaluation of the anti-hyperlipidemic effects of Triphala in high fat diet fed rats: Studies with two combinations.; BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemia is one of the major risk factors for coronary heart disease and stroke. Triphala, a polyherbal Ayurvedic formulation made from dried fruits of Haritaki (Terminalia chebula Retz.), Bibhitaki (Terminalia bellirica Roxb.), and Amalaki (Phyllanthus emblica Gaertn.) has been suggested to be useful in mitigating hyperlipidemia. In the Ayurveda texts, depending on the patient's condition and body type, Triphala is formulated and used in one of the two combination (1:1:1 and 1:2:4 of individual constituents) forms. AIMS: The present study aimed at evaluating the efficacy of two combinations (1:1:1 and 1:2:4 of individual constituents) of Triphala against high fat diet induced-hyperlipidemia in rats. MATERIALS AND METHOD: Hyperlipidemia was induced in Spraque-Dawley albino rats by feeding them with high fat diet. The animals were concomitantly administered with graded dose of one of the two combination (combination of Haritaki, Bibhitaki, and Amalaki in ratio of 1:1:1 or 1:2:4, respectively) of Triphala (250, 500, or 1000 mg/kg body wt.) or atorvastatin. The animals were sacrificed on day 22 and serum was processed for lipid profile and the liver for lipid peroxidation. The statistical analysis was performed by the mean analysis of variance followed by Dunnet's test. RESULTS: The results indicated that when compared to placebo group, levels of serum total cholesterol, and triglyceride were significantly lower, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased in both the Triphala combination and atorvastatin groups. Of the two groups of Triphala, the formulation having 1:2:4 ratio was better than the 1:1:1. The group having highest drug dose (1000 mg/kg body wt.) of 1:2:4 formulation was better than atorvastatin in rectifying high fat diet-induced dyslipidemia and the atherogenic index was equal to that of atorvastatin. CONCLUSIONS: The results of the study indicate that of the two Triphala formulations, the 1:2:4 ratio was better than the 1:1:1 ratio for anti-hyper-lipidemic effects.
The clinical role of combined circulating complement C1q and AIP for CAD with LDL-C level below 1.8mmol/L.; BACKGROUND: In the past few years, circulating complement C1q involvement in atherosclerosis has garnered growing research interest in addition to the emerging recognition of the novel lipid marker named atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Nevertheless, among patients experiencing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels less than 1.8mmol/L, the interplay between C1q combined with the AIP for coronary artery disease (CAD) is ambiguous. METHODS: Patients were stratified into a non-CAD and CAD group according to their coronary angiography. The association between C1q in conjunction with the AIP and CAD was explored using restricted cubic spline analyses and logistic regression models. To assess how it predicted, a receiver operating characteristic analysis was undertaken. RESULTS: A total of 7270 patients comprised 1476 non-CAD patients and 5794 patients diagnosed with CAD were analyzed. A comparison of the two groups showed that the C1q levels were notably higher compared to the CAD group, while AIP exhibited an inverse trend. Across quartiles of C1q, the AIP demonstrated a decline with increasing C1q levels, and significant differences were observed between the groups. A correlation analysis underscored a notable negative correlation between the two variables. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed significant associations between CAD and the C1q quartile groups/AIP. Furthermore, compared with the Q4 group, a decrease in the C1q levels corresponded to an escalation in CAD risk, with the odds ratio rising from 1.661 to 2.314. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, there appears to be a notable positive correlation between the combination of C1q with the AIP and CAD.
Premature atherosclerosis in children with beta-thalassemia major: New diagnostic marker.; BACKGROUND: Early vascular alteration, atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease have emerged as important cardiovascular complications among beta-thalassemia major (B-TM) patients. The aims of the current study were to assess the prevalence of premature atherosclerosis among our B-TM patients, and to investigate the diagnostic value of serum Osteoprotegerin assay as an early biomarker for atherosclerosis. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted at Hematology unit - Pediatric Department, Zagazig University Children Hospital- Egypt in the period from March 2014 to March 2015. A total of 115 children were enrolled in the current study; as sixty-five (65) children with beta thalassemia major aged 5-18 years, on regular blood transfusion regimen represented the patient group. While fifty (50) healthy children, with comparable age and gender, were assigned as control group. All participants were subjected to history taking, thorough clinical examination and laboratory investigations including; complete blood count, liver and kidney function tests, C- reactive protein, lipid profile, serum ferritin and serum Osteoprotegerin (OPG) assay. Also, carotid artery intima media thickness (CAIMT) was performed by duplex ultrasound for patients and controls. RESULTS: Our B-TM patients were transfusion-dependent for as long as 8.5 ± 3.8 years with significantly higher serum ferritin levels (2490 ± 1579 ng/dl vs 83 ± 32 ng/dl, p = 0.001), C-reactive protein (5.7 ± 5.7 vs 0.9 ± 0.9), liver enzymes and bilirubin when compared to controls. Significantly higher serum triglyceride (128 ± 20 vs 101 ± 7 mg/dL, p = 0.009) and atherogenic index of plasma (0.45 ± 0.12 vs 0.22 ± 0.04, p = 0.001) were recorded in patients than comparisons. On the contrary, total serum cholesterol (116 ± 16 vs 143 ± 5, p < 0.001), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) (44 ± 9 vs 73 ± 6, p < 0.001) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (39 ± 2 vs 61 ± 5, p < 0.001), were significantly lowered in patients versus normal peers. Carotid arteries intima media thickness (CAIMT) of both side were significantly increased for patients (Rt 0.62 ± 0.2 vs. 0.29 ± 0.07 mm, p = 0.001 & Lt 0.66 ± 0.17 vs 0.29 ± 0.05 mm, p = 0.001) when compared with healthy controls, and showed positive correlation with, serum triglyceride, atherogenic index of plasma, and serum Osteoprotegerin levels. ELISA assay of serum Osteoprotegerin (OPG) revealed significantly higher levels for thalassemia patients than matched healthy controls (427 ± 102 vs. 324 ± 126 pg/ml, p = 0.02). Of particular interest is the obvious positive correlation between OPG levels and CAIMT of both sides (Rt r 0.54, p = 0.001 &Lt r 0.479, p = 0.001) and also with serum triglycerides (r 0.374, p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Subclinical atherosclerosis started prematurely in children with beta- thalassemia. Carotid artery intima media thickness represented a simple, accurate and non-invasivemodality for early detection ofatherosclerosis. It was correlated well with serum Osteoprotegerin; this finding highlighted the possible validity of OPG assay as an early predictor of atherosclerosis in thalassemia children.
Gender-specific associations between atherogenic index of plasma and the presence and severity of acute coronary syndrome in very young adults: a hospital-based observational study.; OBJECTIVE: The value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) as a predictive biomarker for coronary artery disease (CAD) remains controversial. In addition, whether AIP is associated with the risk of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in very young adults has not been well established. METHODS: We consecutively collected very young adults (≤35 years of age) undergoing coronary angiography (CAG) at Anzhen Hospital, between January 2008 and December 2017. Total of 1, 478 very young participants, including 1, 059 ACS patients and 419 non-CAD subjects, were enrolled in the present study. RESULTS: Very young patients with ACS had higher AIP level compared with non-CAD participants (0.35 ± 0.30 vs 0.21 ± 0.33, P < 0.001). According to Gensini Score (GS) and number of lesion vessel, patients were divided into four groups, respectively. With the elevated GS score and number of lesion vessels, the AIP level increased gradually (P(for trend) all< 0.05). Multivariate logistic regression analyses suggested that AIP remained to be independently associated with the presence of ACS and was superior to traditional lipid profiles (for AIP, OR = 2.930, 95% CI = 1.855-4.627, P < 0.001; for total cholesterol, OR = 1.152, 95% CI = 1.048-1.266, P = 0.003; for triglyceride, OR = 1.078, 95% CI = 0.991-1.172, P = 0.079; for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, OR = 1.046, 95% CI = 1.015-1.078, P < 0.001), after adjustment for other traditional confounders. Moreover, the prevalence of ACS, acute myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris and the value of GS were also elevated as AIP quartiles increased (P(for trend) < 0.001). Subgroup analysis based on gender revealed that AIP was only independently associated with the ACS risk in male. CONCLUSIONS: AIP was independently associated with the presence and severity of ACS in very young patients in a gender-dependent manner, which might be superior to traditional lipid profiles.
Correlation between the Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Progression of Non-target Lesion Vascular Disease Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention using Drug-eluting Stents.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the correlation between Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) levels and the progression of non-target lesion vascular disease following the deployment of Drug-eluting Stents (DES). METHODS: We retrospectively enrolled patients who had undergone successful treatment for CAD with DES and subsequently underwent a coronary angiography follow-up at the Cardiology Department of Tianjin Third Central Hospital from January 2017 to July 2022. The annual change in Gensini Score (GS) was calculated according to two angiographic evaluations in order to assess the progression of non-target lesion vascular disease; a change greater than 1 indicated progression, while a change of 1 or less indicated stability. AIP was calculated according to serum lipid parameters. Multivariate Logistic regression model was used to evaluate the relationship between AIP level and progression of non-target coronary artery lesions. The ROC curve analysis was performed to evaluate the diagnostic value of AIP for coronary artery non-target lesion vascular disease progression. RESULTS: Out of the 344 patients who were monitored over a median duration of 1.2 years, 113 exhibited progression of non-target lesion vascular disease. Initially, baseline AIP levels were notably higher in the progression group compared to the non-progression group (0.30 [0.14, 0.43] vs. 0.11 [-0.06, 0.31]), and this difference remained significant during the follow-up period (0.19 [0.06, 0.34] vs. 0.11 [-0.06, 0.22]). Multivariate logistic regression revealed that AIP is an independent predictor for the progression of non-target lesion vascular disease following DES treatment. Individuals in the highest tertile of AIP faced a considerably elevated risk compared to those in the lowest tertile (OR = 4.88, 95% CI: 2.12-11.21, P < 0.001). Moreover, utilizing receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, a 0.15 AIP level cut-off was determined for diagnosing disease progression, with a sensitivity of 73.5% and specificity of 56.7%, and an area under the curve of 0.672 (95% CI: 0.613-0.731, P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: AIP significantly correlates with the progression of non-target lesion vascular disease among patients with coronary artery disease who have undergone DES treatment, establishing itself as an independent risk factor in addition to conventional predictors.
Plasma lipids in patients with inflammatory bowel disease : Observations on the associations between lipid indices and coronary flow reserve.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are at increased risk for coronary artery disease (CAD), even after adjusting for traditional risk factors for atherosclerosis. While inflammation is widely regarded as the pathophysiologic link between IBD and CAD, the exact mechanisms are largely unknown. This study was conducted to investigate the association of lipid parameters and indices with coronary flow reserve and markers of inflammation in IBD patients. METHODS: A total of 73 patients with IBD and 26 healthy controls were enrolled. Patients in the IBD arm were either in remission or had mild disease activity. Lipid parameters, C‑reactive protein (CRP) and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) were analyzed using standard laboratory techniques. Coronary flow reserve (CFR) was measured using two-dimensional echocardiography. RESULTS: Both CRP and ESR were higher and CFR was significantly lower in IBD patients, but there were no differences in terms of lipid parameters or indices; however, patients with IBD and a CFR <2.0 had significantly higher triglyceride (TG) level (155.0 (80.0) mg/dl vs. 108.0 (68.0) mg/dl, p < 0.001) and there was a strong trend towards lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (40.0 (8.5) mg/dl vs. 45.0 (10.0) mg/dl, p = 0.05) level in the latter group when compared to patients with a CFR ≥2.0. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), measured as log(TG/HDL-C) had the best predictive value for CFR in IBD group and was an independent predictor of CFR after multivariate adjustment for confounders (unstandardized coefficient: -0.75, 95% CI: (-1.13)-(-0.37)), β = -0.41, p = <0.001). CONCLUSION: The atherogenic index of plasma is a marker for reduced CFR in IBD patients and could be useful to screen those at risk for early atherogenesis and CAD.
Relation Between Severity of Coronary Artery Disease and Aorto-Ilio-Pudendal Artery Disease in Patients With Ischemic Heart Disease-Associated Vascular Erectile Dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: The angiographically documented association between severity of coronary artery disease (CAD) and aorto-ilio-pudendal (A-I-P) artery disease and vascular erectile dysfunction (ED) was not yet settled. AIM: To assess the relation between angiographically proved CAD and A-I-P artery disease in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD)-associated vascular ED. METHODS: 60 men were assigned to 3 study groups: Group 1 (n = 25), patients who had IHD and ED; group 2 (n = 25), patients who had IHD and had no ED; group 3 (n = 10), patients who had ED and had no suspected IHD. All patients were subjected to detailed medical, cardiac, and sexual history. International Index of Erectile Function and penile color Doppler ultrasound were used to assess ED. Quantitative coronary angiography and invasive angiography were used to assess the vascular tree for the right and left (A-I-P) arteries. Endothelial markers, that is, endothelial microparticles and endothelial progenitor cells were also assessed. OUTCOMES: The main outcome measures are assessment of ED and angiographically proved CAD and A-I-P artery disease. RESULTS: The mean age ± SD of the 3 study groups were 50.4 ± 6.6, 51.4 ± 3.9, and 49.9 ± 6.1 years, respectively, with no statistically significant difference among groups (P = .380). There were significant higher rates of left main (LM) lesions (≥50%), CAD (≥70%), right and left internal pudendal artery lesions, and right and left internal iliac artery lesions in G1 in comparison with G2 and G3. Patients with ED alone had a higher rate of peripheral lesions compared with patients with CAD alone. 10 percent of patients with ED alone had CAD. Patients in G1 had notably higher rates of peripheral lesions than the other groups combined Patients with left internal pudendal artery lesions had a chance by 1.25 and 2.11 times to have LM lesions and significant CAD, respectively. There was a significant increase of endothelial microparticles in G1 in comparison with other groups (P < .05). CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The clinical implications are uses of peripheral angiograghy as a diagnostic tool in patients with CAD-associated vascular ED may have a clinical merit. STRENGTHS & LIMITATIONS: The strengths in the present study are the use of angiography, color Doppler ultrasound, and standardized instruments. The main limitations are the small sample size and lack of intervention and longitudinal data. CONCLUSION: ED correlates more with A-I-P vascular lesions compared with CAD alone. There was a statistically significant association between severity of CAD including LM significant lesions and A-I-P arteries disease in patients with CAD-associated vascular ED. Sanad AM, Younis SE, Oraby, MA, et al. Relation Between Severity of Coronary Artery Disease and Aorto-Ilio-Pudendal Artery Disease in Patients With Ischemic Heart Disease-Associated Vascular Erectile Dysfunction. J Sex Med 2020;17:1086-1093.
Gender specific effect of CETP rs708272 polymorphism on lipid and atherogenic index of plasma levels but not on the risk of coronary artery disease: A case-control study.; Numerous studies have shown a relationship between cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) polymorphism in the synthesis of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and the coronary artery disease (CAD) susceptibility, but the results have remained inconsistent. In addition, there was no study exploring the relationship between CETP polymorphisms and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) levels.We conducted a case-control study to evaluate the relationship between CETP rs708272 polymorphism and CAD risk and lipid levels in Chinese Han population. 556 CAD patients and 414 controls undergoing coronary angiography were consecutively enrolled in the hospital-based study. Polymerase chain reaction-ligase detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method was used to detect the different genotypes at rs708272.No significant association between CETP rs708272 polymorphism and CAD risk was observed in different genetic models. In the whole population, participants with TT genotype had higher HDL-C levels (1.17 ± 0.31 mmol/L vs 1.09 ± 0.29 mmol/L, P = .001) and lower AIP levels (0.08 ± 0.35 vs 0.16 ± 0.31, P = .004) compared to those with CC genotype, after adjusting for age, gender, smoking, essential hypertension (EH), and DM. The T allele carriers had higher HDL-C levels than the T allele non-carriers (1.13 ± 0.29 mmol/L vs 1.09 ± 0.29 mmol/L, P = .023). Furthermore, subgroup analyses based on gender were carried out. In males, the results showed that participants with TT genotype had significant higher HDL-C levels and lower AIP levels compared with CC genotype (P <.05). In addition, males with CT+TT genotypes had higher HDL-C levels and lower AIP levels than those with CC genotypes (HDL-C: CT+TT 1.11 ± 0.31vs CC 1.06 ± 0.30 mmol/L, P = .041; AIP: CT+TT 0.12 ± 0.32vs CC 0.16 ± 0.31, P = .034, respectively). However, there were no significant associations between lipid levels and CETP rs708272 polymorphism in females, after adjusting for confounders.CETP rs708272 polymorphism has a gender-specific effect on lipid and AIP levels but not on the risk of CAD.
Preventive effect of goby fish protein hydrolysates on hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular disease in Wistar rats fed a high-fat/fructose diet.; This study was carried out to investigate the hypolipidemic, cardioprotective and anticoagulant properties of fish goby protein hydrolysates (GPHs) in rats fed a high fat and fructose diet (HFFD). Wistar rats were fed with HFFD for 2 months, coupled with the oral administration of GPHs and undigested goby protein (UGP). Compared with the standard diet, HFFD induced dyslipidemia and liver structure alterations, and increased pancreatic lipase activity. In addition, HFFD caused a significant increase in body weight. Interestingly, administration of UGP and GPHs to HFFD fed rats was efficacious in lowering serum total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) as well as hepatic TC and TG, and increased the serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) content. Moreover, all treatments significantly decreased the atherogenic index and coagulant factor levels (thrombin and prothrombin). UGP and GPH administration also significantly decreased pancreatic lipase activity, which mitigates lipid accumulation. Similarly, UGP and its hydrolysates showed cardioprotective potential revealed by decreasing the risk of atherogenic and coronary artery disease and improving the liver architecture. The ex vivo plasma clotting test showed that GPHs exert a great therapeutic anticoagulant potential. The overall results demonstrated that GPH supplementation can counteract high-fat/fructose diet-induced obesity.
Investigation of the relationship between atherogenic index, anthropometric characteristics, and 10-year risk of metabolic syndrome: a population-based study.; BACKGROUND: People with metabolic syndrome (MetS) are at a higher risk of coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, stroke, osteoarthritis, and some types of cancers. Finding markers which are available and inexpensive are most useful for the prediction of MetS. The present study aimed to determine the relationship between atherogenic index and anthropometric indicators and the 10-year risk of MetS. METHODS: During the 10-year follow-up on Mashhad stroke and heart atherosclerotic disorder (MASHAD study), 4684 subjects who did not MetS at baseline were recruited in this study. The anthropometric indices and atherogenic index including atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), Castelli's risk index I and II (CRI-I, CRI-I), and atherogenic coefficient (AC) were measured. SPSS-23 was used for all statistical analyses. RESULT: Among subjects who did not have MetS at baseline 1599 cases (34.1%) developed MetS. The anthropometric and lipid indices were significantly elevated in patients with MetS compared to the healthy ones (p < 0.001). It was revealed that an increase of one unit in AIP and AC can raise the risk of MetS 22.7% (OR: 1.227 (95% CI, 1.166-1.291)) and 37.7% (OR: 1.377 (95% CI, 1.291-1.468)), respectively. Moreover, increasing one unit of WHtR decreases the risk of MetS by 8.5% (OR: 0.915 (95% CI, 0.886-0.946)). CONCLUSION: The results of this longitudinal study showed that increasing AC and AIP could enhance the risk of MetS. The present study also indicated that AC and AIP are useful predictors in the clinical setting for identifying individuals with MetS in the Iranian adult population.
Predicting coronary artery severity in patients undergoing coronary computed tomographic angiography: Insights from pan-immune inflammation value and atherogenic index of plasma.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) is pivotal in diagnosing coronary artery disease (CAD). We explored the link between CAD severity and two biomarkers, Pan-Immune Inflammation Value (PIV) and Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), in stable CAD patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: A retrospective observational study of 409 CCTA patients with stable angina pectoris. Logistic regression identified predictors of severe CAD, stratified by CAD-RADS score. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves evaluated predictive performance. PIV and AIP were significant predictors of severe CAD (PIV: OR 1.002, 95% CI: 1.000-1.004, p < 0.021; AIP: OR 0.963, 95% CI: 0.934-0.993, p < 0.04). AUC values for predicting severe CAD were 0.563 (p < 0.001) for PIV and 0.625 (p < 0.05) for AIP. Combined with age, AUC improved to 0.662 (p < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: PIV and AIP were associated with severe CAD, with AIP demonstrating superior predictive capability. Incorporating AIP into risk assessment could enhance CAD prediction, offering a cost-effective and accessible method for identifying individuals at high risk of coronary atherosclerosis.
The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and epicardial adipose tissue in hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients.; INTRODUCTION: Epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) is the true visceral fat depot of the heart. The relationship between coronary artery disease and EAT was shown in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients. One of the established risk factor in this population is dyslipidemia. We aimed to determine the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and EAT in ESRD patients. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study involving 76 ESRD patients receiving PD or HD for ≥6 months and 42 healthy subjects. EAT was measured by using an electrocardiogram-gated 64-multidetector computed tomography (MDCT). Atherogenic index of plasma was calculated as the logarithmically transformed ratio of the serum trigliseride to HDL-cholesterol. RESULTS: The etiology of ESRD patients was diabetic nephropathy (n = 16), chronic glomerulonephritis (n = 10), hypertensive nephropathy (n = 23), polycystic kidney disease (n = 7), nephrolithiasis (n = 5) and unknown (n = 15). There were no differences with respect to the following variables between ESRD patients and healthy subjects: age; sex; BMI; predialysis levels of DBP; serum levels of albumin, HDL-cholesterol and hemoglobin. However, ESRD patients had higher serum levels of trigliseride, hs-CRP and AIP when compared to healthy subjects. There was a statistically significant relationship between EAT, BMI and AIP in ESRD patients (r = 0.42, p < 0.001 and r = 0.25, p = 0.028, respectively). The stepwise linear regression analysis revealed that age, as well as BMI were independent predictors of EAT. CONCLUSION: We found a relationship between EAT as defined by MDCT and AIP in ESRD patients. Further clinical and experimental studies are needed.
Enhanced CaMKII-Dependent Late I(Na) Induces Atrial Proarrhythmic Activity in Patients With Sleep-Disordered Breathing.; RATIONALE: Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is frequently associated with atrial arrhythmias. Increased CaMKII (Ca/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II) activity has been previously implicated in atrial arrhythmogenesis. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that CaMKII-dependent dysregulation of Na current (I(Na)) may contribute to atrial proarrhythmic activity in patients with SDB. METHODS AND RESULTS: We prospectively enrolled 113 patients undergoing elective coronary artery bypass grafting for cross-sectional study and collected right atrial appendage biopsies. The presence of SDB (defined as apnea-hypopnea index ≥15/h) was assessed with a portable SDB monitor the night before surgery. Compared with 56 patients without SDB, patients with SDB (57) showed a significantly increased level of activated CaMKII. Patch clamp was used to measure I(Na). There was a significantly enhanced late I(Na), but reduced peak I(Na) due to enhanced steady-state inactivation in atrial myocytes of patients with SDB consistent with significantly increased CaMKII-dependent cardiac Na channel phosphorylation (Na(V)1.5, at serine 571, Western blotting). These gating changes could be fully reversed by acute CaMKII inhibition (AIP [autocamtide-2 related inhibitory peptide]). As a consequence, we observed significantly more cellular afterdepolarizations and more severe premature atrial contractions in atrial trabeculae of patients with SDB, which could be blocked by either AIP or KN93 (N-[2-[[[(E)-3-(4-chlorophenyl)prop-2-enyl]-methylamino]methyl]phenyl]-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methoxybenzenesulfonamide). In multivariable linear regression models incorporating age, sex, body mass index, existing atrial fibrillation, existing heart failure, diabetes mellitus, and creatinine levels, apnea-hypopnea index was independently associated with increased CaMKII activity, enhanced late I(Na) and correlated with premature atrial contraction severity. CONCLUSIONS: In atrial myocardium of patients with SDB, increased CaMKII-dependent phosphorylation of Na(V)1.5 results in dysregulation of I(Na) with proarrhythmic activity that was independent from preexisting comorbidities. Inhibition of CaMKII may be useful for prevention or treatment of arrhythmias in SDB. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02877745. Visual Overview: An online visual overview is available for this article.
Prevalence of the coronary artery disease risk factors and 10-year risk of cardiovascular mortality based on HeartScore in people qualified for kidney donation.; BACKGROUND: The living kidney donor is exposed to the renal function impairment as a result of kidney donation, which may increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. It seems justified to identify cardiovascular risk factors prior to kidney donation. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We analyzed data of 50 consecutive potential kidney donors. All individuals underwent clinical examination and lipid profile. For each subject we calculated atherogenic index. To calculate the 10-year risk of cardiovascular death, the HeartScore calculator was used. RESULTS: The most frequent risk factors were obesity, lipid disorders, and smoking. In 72% of subjects, at least 1 of the risk factors was detected. Atherogenic index values considered to indicate high risk of atherosclerosis were found in 16% of subjects. More than 40% of subjects had more than 1 coronary risk factor, and most had 2. In 58% of subjects, the calculated HeartScore risk value was consistent with risk estimated for age, and in 26% it exceeded this value by 1-9% (mean, 3.1%). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of coronary risk factors is high in potential kidney donors. HeartScore seems to be a useful method to evaluate the risk of cardiovascular mortality in these individuals, and is a simple tool to use in controlling the influence of the modification of risk factors on the global risk in follow-up. Comparison with the value of risk acceptable according to age and sex may oblige the physician to take action to reduce it.
The evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein for the degree of coronary artery lesion in premature coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: Premature coronary artery disease (PCAD) is prevailing. We aimed to investigate the evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) for the occurrence and severity of coronary artery lesion in PCAD patients. METHODS: PCAD (PACD group)/non-PCAD (control group) patients were enrolled. The coronary artery lesion degree was evaluated using Gensini score (GS). PCAD patients were allocated into the low/medium/high GS groups, with general clinical baseline data analyzed. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels were compared in PCAD patients with different disease degree. Correlations between plasma hs-CRP/AIP with Gensini score, independent risk factors affecting the occurrence of PCAD, and the predictive value of hs-CRP/AIP/their combination for the occurrence and degree of PCAD were evaluated by Spearman correlation analysis/Logistic multivariate regression/receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The differences in the area under the curve (AUC) were compared using MedCalc-Comparison of ROC curves. RESULTS: Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels in the PCAD group were increased. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels varied significantly among PCAD patients with different disease degree. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels were markedly positively correlated with the Gensini score. Smoking history/homocysteine/fasting blood-glucose/hs-CRP/AIP were all independent risk factors affecting PCAD occurrence. The AUC of hs-CRP and AIP combination predicting the occurrence of PCAD was 0.950 (90.80% sensitivity/93.33% specificity). hs-CRP/AIP combination assisted in predicting the disease degree in PCAD patients. CONCLUSIONS: AIP and hs-CRP are independent risk factors for the occurrence of PCAD, and their combination has high predictive value for PCAD occurrence and disease degree, which are both positively correlated with coronary artery lesion degree.
Atherogenic lipoprotein profile in families with and without history of early myocardial infarction.; In this study we compared several parameters characterizing differences in the lipoprotein profile between members of families with a positive or negative family history of coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition to regular parameters such as the body mass index (BMI), total plasma cholesterol (TC), low density (LDL-C) and high density (HDL-C) cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) we estimated the fractional esterification rate of cholesterol in apoB lipoprotein-depleted plasma (FER(HDL)) which reflects HDL and LDL particle size distribution. A prevalence of smaller particles for the atherogenic profile of plasma lipoproteins is typical. Log (TG/HDL-C) as a newly established atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated and correlated with other parameters. The cohort in the study consisted of 29 young (< 54 years old) male survivors of myocardial infarction (MI), their spouses and at least one offspring (MI group; n=116). The control group consisted of 29 apparently healthy men with no family history of premature CAD in three generations, their spouses and at least one offspring (control group; n=124). MI families had significantly higher BMI than the controls, with the exception of spouses. Plasma TC did not significantly differ between MI and the controls. MI spouses had significantly higher TG. Higher LDL-C had MI survivors only, while lower HDL-C had both MI survivors and their spouses compared to the controls. FER(HDL) was significantly higher in all the MI subgroups (probands 25.85+/-1.22, spouses 21.55+/-2.05, their daughters 16.93+/-1.18 and sons 19.05+/-1.33 %/h) compared to their respective controls (men 20.80+/-1.52, spouses 14.70+/-0.98, daughters 13.23+/-0.74, sons 15.7+/-0.76 %/h, p<0.01 to p<0.05). Log(TG/HDL-C) ranged from negative values in control subjects to positive values in MI probands. High correlation between FER(HDL) and Log (TG/HDL-C) (r=0.80, p<0.0001) confirmed close interactions among TG, HDL-C and cholesterol esterification rate. The finding of significantly higher values of FER(HDL) and Log (TG/HDL-C) indicate higher incidence of atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype in members of MI families. The possibility that, in addition to genetic factors, a shared environment likely contributes to the familial aggregation of CAD risk factors is supported by a significant correlation of the FER(HDL) values within spousal pairs (control pairs: r=0.51 p<0.01, MI pairs: r=0.41 p<0.05).
Endothelial Dysfunction under the Scope of Arterial Hypertension, Coronary Heart Disease, and Diabetes Mellitus using the Angioscan.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus are among the leading causes of mortality. OBJECTIVES: Our study evaluated endothelial function in patients with arterial hypertension, coronary heart disease, and diabetes mellitus. AIMS: This study aimed to assess the degree of endothelial dysfunction in individuals with cardiovascular risk factors older than 55 years of age. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 112 patients were subdivided into three groups according to the existing disease; the first group consisted of 50 patients diagnosed with arterial hypertension (AH), the second group consisted of 30 patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD), and the third group included 20 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). The control group included 12 practically healthy volunteers, comparable in age and sex. Exclusion criteria were age under 55 years, severe concomitant diseases in the acute phase or acute infectious diseases, and oncopathology. Considered factors of cardiovascular risk include dyslipidemia, elevated fasting blood glucose, hypertension, obesity, cigarette smoking, and heredity for CVD. Moreover, tests were conducted with the help of the device 'AngioScan-01' (LLC "AngioScan Electronics"). Endothelium-dependent vasodilation (EDV), the index of stiffness of the vascular wall (SI), and the atherogenic index (log (TG/HDL - C )) were evaluated. The analysis of the data obtained was carried out using the IBM SPSS Statistic program. RESULTS: In the control group, the atherogenic index was in the range of 3.34 (the normal is up to 3.5). The highest atherogenic index, 4.01, was observed in the DM group (differences with the control group are statistically significant). In the AH and IHD groups, the atherogenic index was 3.57 and 3.65, respectively. In the control group, the level of glycemia was 4.45 mmol/l. The highest level of fasting glucose was reported in the DM group, i.e., 6.7 mmol/l (differences with the control group were statistically significant). In the first and second groups, the fasting glucose level was 5.07 mmol/l and 5.08 mmol/l, respectively. In the control group, the mean EDV score was 2,056 ± 0.757 mm, and the lowest EDV in the DM group was 1.365 ± 0.413, but in the AH and IHD groups, it was also significantly reduced by 1.404 ± 0.440 and 1.377 ± 0.390, respectively. The stiffness index in the control group was 6.725 ± 0.776 m/s. In the DM group, this parameter was 8.258 ± 0.656 m/s; in the AH and IHD groups, it was 7.398 ± 1.330 m/s and 7.486 ± 0.816 m/s, respectively. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the study of endothelial function using non-invasive angioscan reflects the influence of risk factors on the vascular wall. The most severe endothelial dysfunction is expressed in patients with diabetes. The results of endothelium-dependent vasodilation and the vascular wall stiffness index (SI) correspond to the scale of evaluation of the 10-year CVD mortality risk (SCORE). These results indicate a deterioration in the vascular ability to vasodilate in patients in response to mechanical deformation of the endothelium and the effect of NO on smooth muscle vascular cells.
Carotid Ultrasound Combined with Plasma Atherosclerosis Index (AIP) in the Severe Analysis of Coronary Heart Disease Treated with Atorvastatin.; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerotic coronary heart disease (CHD) stands as a paramount cardiovascular concern and the primary cause of mortality. To underscore the significance of our study, it is crucial to highlight the existing gaps in current diagnostic methods and prognostic assessments of CHD. By addressing these gaps, our research aims to contribute valuable insights and advancements in the understanding and management of this prevalent cardiovascular condition. OBJECTIVE: The primary objective of this study is to investigate the correlation between carotid ultrasound, the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), and the severity of CHD. METHODS: We enrolled 59 patients diagnosed with coronary heart disease and categorized them into two groups (multi-vessel and single-vessel disease groups) based on disease severity. The study employed carotid ultrasound, which measures Intima-Media Thickness (IMT) and carotid artery stenosis, among other indicators. Additionally, we calculated the AIP. This approach allowed us to thoroughly analyze the correlation between these key indicators and the severity of coronary heart disease lesions. RESULTS: The study included 59 patients, 38 with single-vessel disease and 21 with multi-vessel disease. In the multivessel disease group, we observed significantly elevated levels of AIP, IMT, and carotid stenosis compared to the single-vessel disease group. Specifically, AIP, IMT, and carotid stenosis levels were higher in the multi-vessel group. Furthermore, our analysis revealed a positive correlation between AIP and IMT (r = 0.038, P = .003), while no significant correlation was found between AIP and carotid stenosis. Additionally, there was a moderate correlation between IMT and carotid stenosis. CONCLUSION: The combined assessment of AIP and carotid ultrasonography emerges as a promising approach for evaluating the severity of CHD. Notably, the multi-vessel disease group exhibited higher AIP levels compared to the single-vessel disease group, along with increased IMT and carotid artery stenosis. Our findings highlight a positive correlation between AIP and IMT, as well as between IMT and the degree of carotid stenosis. These associations underscore the potential of AIP, in conjunction with carotid ultrasonography parameters, as valuable indicators for gauging CHD severity. The clinical implications of these findings warrant further exploration, particularly in their potential integration into existing diagnostic or prognostic models for CHD. This integrated approach may offer enhanced precision in distinguishing between single-vessel and multi-vessel disease, contributing to more informed clinical decision-making.
Different association of atherogenic index of plasma with the risk of high platelet reactivity according to the presentation of acute myocardial infarction.; This study evaluated the association of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes according to acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The composite of 3-year adverse outcomes of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, and cerebrovascular accident was evaluated in 10,735 patients after successful percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stents. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. High platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as ≥ 252 P2Y12 reactivity unit. An increase of AIP (per-0.1 unit) was related to the decreased risk of HPR [odds ratio (OR) 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96-0.99; P = 0.001] in non-AMI patients, not in AMI patients (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96-1.01; P = 0.138). The HPR was associated with the increased risk of composite outcomes in both non-AMI and AMI patients (all-P < 0.05). AIP levels were not independently associated with the risk of composite outcomes in both patients with non-AMI and AMI. In conclusion, an inverse association between AIP and the risk of HPR was observed in patients with non-AMI. This suggests that the association between plasma atherogenicity and platelet reactivity may play a substantial role in the development of AMI.Trial registration: NCT04734028.
Pharmacological Screening of Annona cherimola for Antihyperlipidemic Potential.; High blood cholesterol levels are consistently associated with higher risk of coronary heart disease, and other life-threatening cardiovascular and cerebro-vascular damage, including fatal strokes. In the present study methanolic extract of Annona cherimola was evaluated for its antihyperlipidemic potential. Acute hyperlipidemia was induced by single administration of Triton WR 1339 (Tyloxapol) intra-peritoneally. There was a significant dose dependent decrease in plasma total cholesterol, triglycerides and LDL-cholesterol at the same time considerable increase in HDL-cholesterol levels upon administration of methanolic extract at the dose of 250 mg/kg and 500 mg/kg. Fenofibrate was used as reference standard. Atherogenic index as well as LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio was lowered significantly in case of methanolic extract treated groups compared to normal control which reflects the antihyperlipidemic potential of Annona cherimola.
Dietary Almonds Increase Serum HDL Cholesterol in Coronary Artery Disease Patients in a Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: More than one-half of coronary artery disease (CAD) patients have low HDL cholesterol despite having well-managed LDL cholesterol. Almond supplementation has not been shown to elevate circulating HDL cholesterol concentrations in clinical trials, perhaps because the baseline HDL cholesterol of trial subjects was not low. OBJECTIVE: This clinical trial was designed to test the effect of almond supplementation on low HDL cholesterol in CAD patients. METHODS: A total of 150 CAD patients (50 per group), with serum LDL cholesterol ≤100 mg/dL and HDL cholesterol ≤40 mg/dL in men and ≤50 mg/dL in women, were recruited from the Aga Khan University Hospital. After recording vital signs and completing a dietary and physical activity questionnaire, patients were randomly assigned to 1 of the following 3 groups: the no-intervention group (NI), the Pakistani almonds group (PA), and the American almonds group (AA). The respective almond varieties (10 g/d) were given to patients with instructions to soak them overnight, remove the skin, and eat them before breakfast. Blood samples for lipid profiling, body weight, and blood pressure were collected, and assessment of dietary patterns was done at baseline, week 6, and week 12. RESULTS: Almonds significantly increased HDL cholesterol. At weeks 6 and 12, HDL cholesterol was 12-14% and 14-16% higher, respectively, in the PA and AA than their respective baselines. In line with previous reports, serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, and VLDL cholesterol; total-to-HDL and LDL-to-HDL cholesterol ratios, and the atherogenic index were reduced in both the PA and AA at weeks 6 and 12 compared with baseline (P < 0.05). Effects on serum lipids did not differ between the 2 almond groups. Dietary patterns, body weight, and blood pressure did not change in any of the 3 groups during the trial. CONCLUSION: A low dose of almonds (10 g/d) consumed before breakfast can increase HDL cholesterol, in addition to improving other markers of abnormal lipid metabolism in CAD patients with low initial HDL cholesterol. This trial was registered at the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry as ACTRN12614000036617.
A Novel Score for an Old Enemy: Atherogenic Plasma Index Predicts In-Stent Restenosis among Stable Angina Pectoris Patients.; OBJECTIVES: Although the association of Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with coronary artery disease (CAD) and atherosclerosis is known, the relationship between AIP and in-stent restenosis (ISR) remains unclear. We aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and ISR in patients with stable angina pectoris (SAP) treated with drug-eluting stent (DES). METHODS: Patients with a history of DES implantation following stable angina were evaluated between January 2015 and November 2019 in this observational and retrospective study. 608 eligible patients were dichotomized into ISR+ (n=241) and ISR- (n=367). ISR was defined as the presence of 50% or greater stenosis. AIP was defined as log [TG/HDL-C]. RESULTS: AIP levels were significantly higher in patients who developed ISR compared with those who did not (0.33 [0.15-0.52] vs 0.06 [-0.08-0.21] respectively, p<0.001). The AUC value of AIP levels for predicting ISR was 0.746 (p<0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that AIP, diabetes mellitus, higher LDL-C levels and lower LVEF values were independently associated with ISR. CONCLUSION: Multivariate analysis revealed that AIP was strongly independently associated with ISR. Using this novel inexpensive and easily calculable index may provide early recognition of ISR in patients with SAP who were treated with DES.
Effects of protocatechuic acid on ameliorating lipid profiles and cardio-protection against coronary artery disease in high fat and fructose diet fed in rats.; A coronary heart disease leads to increase in obesity and metabolic dysfunction. Protocatechuic acid (PCA), due to its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, neuro protective activities was found efficient as cardio-protective in coronary heart disease. Our study investigated hypolipidemic and cardioprotective effects of protocatechuic acid in the coronary artery disease induced by high fat and fructose diet (HFD) rat models. A diet rich in fat and fructose was fed to male Wistar rats prior to the start of experimental procedures. Serum lipid levels and hepatic triglycerides (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) levels were examined and analyzed. Both in vitro an in vivo pancreatic lipase activity was determined as well. Histopathological examination was performed and their results were noted. Noteworthy reduction of serum lipid levels and hepatic TG and TC levels was seen in groups treated with simvastatin (SIM; 20 mg/kg) and PCA (50 and 100 mg/kg) in comparison to HFD groups. Pancreatic lipase activity was reduced in the SIM group and the group treated with doses of PCA (50 and 100 mg/kg). A marked increase in gain in body weight per week (P<0.05) was achieved in HFD group. Coronary risk index (CRI) and Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) showed decreased index values after treatments with SIM and PCA (50 and 100 mg/kg), respectively. Our findings confirmed the efficacious cardio-protective and hypolipidaemic activities of protocatechuic acid in coronary artery disease induced in rats with fat and fructose rich diet.
β-caryophyllene reduces atherogenic index and coronary risk index in hypercholesterolemic rats: The involvement of cardiac oxidative damage.; Hypercholesterolemia and cardiac oxidative damage have been implicated in the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis. In earlier studies, treatment using natural phytocannabinoid β-caryophyllene caused a hypolipemic effect, as well as ameliorated hepatic oxidative damage. In this regard, the present study aimed to investigate whether β-caryophyllene treatment was able to protect the cardiac tissue against hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis, and to investigate the involvement of antioxidant mechanisms in this effect using a model of hypercholesterolemia induced by Triton WR-1339. The hypercholesterolemic animals exhibited a significant increase in the cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA) contents in cardiac tissue, as well as showed significant increase on atherogenic index (AI) and coronary risk index (CRI). Moreover, cardiac levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were increased in hypercholesterolemic animals, while the glutathione reduced (GSH) levels and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity were decreased. β-caryophyllene treatment reduced the cardiac lipid content, as well as decreased the AI and CRI. Moreover, the treatment was able to improve the antioxidant/oxidant status in heart tissue of hypercholesterolemic animals. In summary, β-caryophyllene possesses antioxidant properties, preventing lipidic oxidative damage and ameliorating the GPx activity, an important enzyme linked to the prevention of atherosclerosis. Thus, this compound can be used as an attempt to prevent or reduce atherosclerosis in hypercholesterolemic rats.
Comparative clinical study evaluating the effect of adding Vildagliptin versus Glimepiride to ongoing Metformin therapy on diabetic patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) remain the most identified cause of death in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). This study aimed to evaluate the effect of adding Vildagliptin versus Glimepiride to ongoing Metformin on the biomarkers of inflammation, thrombosis, and atherosclerosis in T2DM patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS: This study included 80 patients with uncontrolled T2DM and symptomatic CAD who were randomized to add either Vildagliptin 50 mg/day "group I" or Glimepiride 4 mg/day "group II" to ongoing Metformin therapy (1000 mg/day). Blood samples were collected at baseline and 3 months after intervention for biochemical analysis of HbA1c %, IL-1β, adiponectin, hsCRP and lipid profile. Additionally atherogenic index (AI) and coronary risk index (CRI) were determined. RESULTS: Three months after intervention and as compared to group II (Glimepiride/Metformin), group 1 (Vildagliptin/Metformin) showed significantly lower BMI (28.73 ± 3.48 versus 30.55 ± 3.15; p = 0.02), HbA1c (6.05 ± 0.72 versus 7.06 ± 0.89; p < 0.0001), hsCRP (0.96 ± 0.20 versus 1.72 ± 0.38; p < 0.0001), IL-1β (34.95 ± 10.01 versus 45.13 ± 10.26; p < 0.0001), TC (136 ± 23.45 versus 169 ± 35.72; p < 0.0001), TG (116 ± 29.10 versus 146 ± 56.58; p = 0.005), and CRI (2.47 ± 0.90 versus 3.65 ± 1.19; p < 0.0001) which was associated with significantly higher adiponectin and HDL-C (4.42 ± 1.29 versus 2.52 ± 1.86; p < 0.0001 and 61 ± 23.04 versus 48 ± 12.92; p = 0.003 respectively). CONCLUSION: In patients with T2DM and symptomatic CAD, the addition of Vildagliptin to ongoing metformin showed better glycemic control, lower inflammatory markers (IL-1β and hsCRP), higher protective markers (adiponectin and HDL-C) and improved lipid profile compared to Glimepiride/metformin therapy.
Circulating endothelial cells in coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: endothelial damage and dysfunction play a crucial role in the pathophysiology of coronary artery disease (CAD). The quantification of circulating endothelial cells (CEC) in the peripheral blood is a novel method for assessing endothelial damage. AIM: to evaluate the possible diagnostic use of single quantification of CEC in peripheral blood by flow cytometry in patients with CAD. METHODS: we examined 48 patients with CAD, including 23 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and 25 patients with stable angina (SA). The control group consisted of 20 healthy subjects without symptoms of CAD. The CEC count was evaluated by flow cytometry using antibodies against CD31, CD146, and CD45. Plasma biochemical markers of endothelial damage (von Willebrand Factor [vWF], thrombomodulin [TM]) were measured by ELISA. Serum concentrations of troponin I (TnI) and lipid parameters were also included in the statistical analysis. RESULTS: A significant increase in the CEC count was found in patients with AMI compared to the control group (p < 0.05) and SA patients (p < 0.05). However, no difference was found in the CEC count between patients with SA and the control group. Increased vWF activity was found in both groups of CAD patients compared to the control group (AMI: p < 0.001, SA: p , 0.01), and vWF activity was significantly higher in AMI patients compared to SA patients (p < 0.001). Thrombomodulin concentration did not differ significantly between any patient groups and the control group. The CEC count correlated positively with vWF activity (r = 0.3852, p < 0.05) and the atherogenic index TC/HDL-C (r = 0.3844, p < 0.05) in all patients with CAD (AMI + SA). The sensitivity of CEC count for the diagnosis of an acute coronary syndrome was lower than that of TnI level on admission (39% vs 69%). CONCLUSIONS: we confirmed that CEC count in peripheral blood can be determined by flow cytometry in CAD patients with both AMI and SA. The CEC count in AMI was increased in comparison to healthy subjects and SA patients in one third of all cases. To determine whether CEC count could be used to improve the diagnosis of an acute coronary syndrome in patients with CAD, additional studies in larger patient groups would be required.
Predictors of epicardial adipose tissue in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Epicardial adipose tissue (EAT), visceral fat depot of the heart, was found to be associated with coronary artery disease in cardiac and non-cardiac patients. Platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) were introduced as potential markers to determine inflammation in various disorders. Recently, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was found to be closely associated with atherosclerosis in general population. Waist circumference is commonly used to assess the risk factors in various metabolic disorders. There has been a well known relation between inflammation and peripheral adipose tissue in diabetes mellitus. However, the data regarding EAT and inflammation is scant in this population. Hence, we aimed to determine the relationship between PLR, NLR, AIP, waist circumference and EAT in diabetic patients. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study involving 156 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (87 females, 69 males; mean age, 53.62 ± 9.33 years) and 50 control subjects (35 females, 15 males; mean age, 51.06 ± 8.74 years). EAT was measured by using a trans-thoracic echocardiogram. Atherogenic index of plasma was calculated as the logarithmically transformed ratio of the serum triglyceride to high density lipoprotein (HDL)cholesterol. NLR and PLR were calculated as the ratio of the neutrophils and platelets to lymphocytes, respectively. RESULTS: Waist circumference, PLR, NLR, AIP and EAT measurements were significantly higher in diabetic patients when compared to control subjects. When diabetic patients were separated into two groups according to their median value of EAT (Group 1, EAT < 4.53 (n = 78) and group 2, EAT ≥4.53 (n = 78)), group 2 patients had significantly higher Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, AIP, NLR and PLR levels. In the bivariate correlation analysis, EAT was positively correlated with PLR, NLR, AIP, BMI and waist circumference (r = 0.197, p = 0.014; r = 0.229, p = 0.004; r = 0.161, p = 0.044; r = 0.248, p = 0.002; r = 0.306, p < 0.001, respectively). Waist circumference was found to be independent variables of EAT. CONCLUSIONS: Simple calculation of PLR and measurement of waist circumference were found to be associated with increased EAT in diabetic patients.
The impact of energy releasing B-vitamin intake on indices of obesity and cardiac function: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: B vitamins play a crucial role in the balance and metabolism of energy. Energy metabolism mainly benefits from the B-complex vitamins. Specifically, decarboxylation, transamination, acylation, oxidation, and reduction of substrates that are ultimately employed in energy intake require thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, and vitamin B6. Vitamin deficiency could lead to chronic disease occurrence. OBJECTIVES: To assess the impact of energy-releasing B-vitamins intake (B1, B2, B3, and B6) on selected indices of obesity and cardiac function. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed on 491 apparently healthy adults (18-64 years old) between January and May 2019 at Hashemite University, Jordan. Anthropometric measurements were taken, lipid profiles were analyzed, and indices of obesity and cardiac function were calculated. The typical dietary intake of B1, B2, B3, and B6 vitamins was calculated. RESULTS: Conicity index (CI) and abdominal volume index (AVI) scores significantly decreased with the increased adjusted vitamin B1 and B6 intake. Also, body roundness index (BRI), weight-adjusted-waist index (WWI), lipid accumulation product (LAP), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) scores were decreased with the increase of adjusted B6 intake ( p<0.05). The total sample showed a significant inverse weak correlation between energy-adjusted intake of B1 and AVI (r= -0.156, p=0.001) and BRI (r= 0.111, p=0.014). Similar correlations were detected among male participants between energy-adjusted B1 intake and BAI, AVI, and BRI. Female participants had a significant weak inverse correlation between BAI and energy-adjusted B2 (r= -0.180, p=0.029) and B6 intake (r= -0.212, p=0.010). Only B1, the vitamin, significantly explained 2.43 and 1.24% of changes observed in the AVI and BRI scores, respectively ( p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Increasing the consumption of B1, B2, and B6 may significantly lower values of indices of obesity and cardiac function regardless of sex differences. Thus reducing the occurrence of obesity and related coronary heart diseases.
Upper body adiposity and the risk for atherosclerosis.; Since there is evidence that fat distribution is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than the degree of obesity, some risk factors for atherosclerosis have been evaluated in middle age Type II male diabetics and in obese subjects with and without glucose intolerance. In non-insulin-dependent diabetics (NIDD), abdominal obesity reflected by the waist/hip-circumference ratio (WHR) is related to parameters of metabolic control, lipid parameters, insulin status and response, hypertension, and vascular complications. High WHR is associated with: (a) significantly (p less than 0.01) higher HbA1 values than in the group without abdominal fat distribution; (b) a highly significant (p less than 0.001) negative correlation with high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and a positive correlation with the total/HDL-C ratio, which remains after correction for the body mass index; (c) higher apolipoprotein B concentrations; and (d) an elevated atherogenic index. Both fasting and postprandial insulin and C-peptide values may be a link between abdominal fat deposits and metabolic disturbances. Obese patients with upper body fat accumulation have significantly lower HDL-C levels, and a higher prevalence of glucose intolerance and diabetes than do patients with lower body fat obesity. Fasting glycemia, insulin, and the insulin area under the curve during an oral glucose load are significantly (p less than 0.005) increased in those with the greatest WHR, which is similar to that in NIDD and central obesity. An excess of abdominally located fat, even without manifest obesity, is associated with metabolic disturbances that indicate increased risk of atherogenesis and of higher morbidity and mortality, which may be due to characteristics of abdominally located adipocytes.
Adipose tissue distribution and plasma lipoprotein levels in obese women. Importance of intra-abdominal fat.; Prospective studies have shown that excess abdominal fat is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease and related death. We used computed axial tomography (CAT) to assess the association between deep and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue and plasma lipoprotein levels in a sample of 52 premenopausal obese women aged 35.7 +/- 5.5 years (mean +/- SD). Whereas the plasma lipoprotein concentration were not significantly correlated with fat mass, the data obtained by CAT indicated that the absolute amount of deep abdominal fat was negatively correlated with high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-CHOL) levels (r = -0.35, p less than 0.01), as well as with HDL-CHOL/low density lipoprotein (LDL)-CHOL, HDL-apoprotein-(apo) A-I/LDL-apo B, and HDL2-CHOL/HDL3-CHOL ratios (-0.32 less than or equal to r less than or equal to -0.40, 0.05 greater than p less than 0.01). Adipose tissue deposition at the mid-thigh region determined by CAT did not show any significant relationship with plasma lipoprotein levels. When subgroups of women with comparable ages and adiposity but with high and low intra-abdominal fat accumulation were compared, women with a high accumulation of intra-abdominal fat displayed significantly lower HDL-CHOL (p less than 0.001), HDL2-CHOL (p less than 0.001), HDL3-CHOL (p less than 0.01), and HDL-apo A-I (p less than 0.05) levels, as well as reduced HDL-CHOL/LDL-CHOL (p less than 0.01), HDL-apo A-I/LDL-apo B (p less than 0.05), and HDL2-CHOL/HDL3-CHOL ratios (p less than 0.05) in comparison with obese women with low accumulations of intra-abdominal fat.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Cardiovascular risk factors in children with long-standing untreated idiopathic subclinical hypothyroidism.; CONTEXT: Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH), defined as increased TSH serum levels and normal serum free T4 concentrations, has been associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease in adults. Data in children and adolescents are scanty. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate the clinical and biochemical cardiovascular risk factors in children with mild SH (serum TSH concentrations 4.5-10 mU/L). DESIGN AND SETTING: This is a cross-sectional and controlled study conducted at a tertiary referral center on patients with persistent idiopathic long-standing (3.2 ± 0.4 y) mild SH. At study entry patients and controls underwent a clinical and biochemical assessment for cardiovascular risk. PARTICIPANTS: Forty-nine children aged 8.5 ± 0.5 years with SH and 49 controls were enrolled in the study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), waist to height ratio, lipid profile, homocysteine, high-sensitivity serum C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, adiponectin, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment index were measured. RESULTS: Waist to height ratio (P < .0001), atherogenic index (P = .001), triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio (P = .01), and homocysteine levels (P = .002) were significantly higher and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol significantly lower (P = .003) in SH subjects compared with controls. No significant differences were found in the other clinical and biochemical cardiovascular risk factors analyzed. Multivariate regression model revealed that BMI and thyroid status were the main independent factors affecting dependent variables. Even after an adjustment for BMI, most of the variables still remained significantly associated with mean TSH levels or SH duration. CONCLUSIONS: Mild long-lasting untreated idiopathic SH may be associated with subtle proatherogenic abnormalities. Although it is difficult to establish whether these mild abnormalities represent the early steps in the initiation of atherogenesis, these children need to be carefully monitored for metabolic complications.
Increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets contribute to cardiovascular complications in diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Coronary atherosclerotic heart disease (CHD) is one of the major concerns in type 2 diabetes (T2D). The systemic chronic inflammation has been postulated to bridge the increased risk of cardiovascular disease and T2D. We formulated that increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets contributed to the development of cardiovascular complications in diabetic patients. METHODS: The frequencies of peripheral total CD4+ T helper cells, proinflammatory Th1, Th17, and Th22 subsets were determined by flow cytometry in diabetic patients with or without CHD (n = 42 and 67, resp.). RESULTS: Both peripheral frequencies and total numbers of Th1, Th17, and Th22 cells were further increased in diabetic patients with CHD. Logistic regression and categorical cross-table analysis further confirmed that increased proinflammatory Th subsets, especially Th22, were independent risk factors of cardiovascular complication in diabetes. Elevated Th subsets also correlated with increased CRP levels and the atherogenic index of plasma. Moreover, Th1 frequency and Th22 numbers demonstrated remarkable potential in predicting CHD in diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets act in concert and contribute to the increased prevalence of diabetic cardiovasculopathy. The recently identified Th22 cells might play an independent role in CHD and represent a novel proxy for cardiovascular risks in diabetes.
Pharmacological Action of Mentha piperita on Lipid Profile in Fructose-Fed Rats.; Cardiovascular diseases with an incidence of approximately 50% are the main causes of death in most advanced countries and an increasing trend in the developing world as well. The World Health Organization estimates that 12 million people per year worldwide die from cardiovascular diseases. Cardiovascular diseases are becoming an increasing problem worldwide and hypercholesterolemia has been correlated for coronary heart diseases. Nearly all lipoproteins are involved in this process including cholesterol carried by very low density lipoproteins (VLDL), remnant lipoproteins and low density lipoproteins (LDL). Currently, available hypolipidemic drugs have been associated with the number of side effects. Herbal treatment for hyperlipidemia poses no side effects and is relatively cheap and locally available. In view of this, the present study was carried out to investigate the effect of Menthe piperita on serum lipid levels of albino rats. Mentha piperita aqueous extract (100 mg/Kg, 250 mg/Kg p.o. daily) was fed for 3 weeks on fructose-fed rats and the levels of glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, and atherogenic index was measured. Twenty-four male Sprague Dawley rats were divided into four groups (6 per group). The results of present study indicate that Mentha piperita had significant beneficial effects against fructose-induced hyperlipidemia and showed good antioxidant activity. The aqueous extract of the plant produced a significant decrease (p < 0.05) in elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein and atherogenic index and also increased the high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and HDL-ratio without affecting serum insulin levels in fructose-fed rats.
Inhibition of pancreatic lipase, α-glucosidase, α-amylase, and hypolipidemic effects of the total flavonoids from Nelumbo nucifera leaves.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Nelumbo nucifera Gaertn. leaves have been used as medicinal herbs in the past 1300 years, specifically utilized to cure hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, and obesity. It has been recorded in the most famous medicinal book in China for more than 400 years. The present study aims to identify the potential therapeutic activities of the flavonoids isolated from Nelumbo nucifera leaves. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Nelumbo nucifera leaf flavonoids (NLF) were tested for the inhibition of lipase, α-glucosidase, and α-amylase activities in vitro. A single dose of NLF was administered by oral gavage in mice for acute toxicity. Wistar rats with high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia and two other animal models were used to evaluate the hypolipidemic effects of NLF. RESULTS: Our in vitro biochemistry tests revealed that the NLF showed high inhibitory activity against porcine pancreatic lipase, α-amylase, and α-glucosidase with IC50 values of 0.38 ± 0.022, 2.20 ± 0.18, and 1.86 ± 0.018 mg/mL, respectively. Furthermore, the NLF significantly lowered the lipid components, such as the total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and malondialdehyde, in various established in vivo systems and raised the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Moreover, the NLF alleviated high-fat diet-induced lipid accumulation in the liver. CONCLUSIONS: The results demonstrate that NLFs can effectively ameliorate hyperlipidemia and inhibit the key enzymes related to type 2 diabetes mellitus. Our findings may provide new pharmacological basis for the treatment of hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, and obesity using NLFs.
Prevalence of risk factors for coronary heart disease in healthy medical staff after lifestyle modification: a before-after study.; OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to determine the prevalence of risk factors for coronary heart disease and the risk of coronary heart disease events before and after the introduction of healthy lifestyle changes among a group of medical university staff. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 98 medical university staff participated in this before-after study. Their height, weight, blood pressure, waist-hip circumference, level of physical activity, smoking/non-smoking status, fasting blood sugar, total cholesterol, and levels of triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein were ascertained before the study. The distribution of risk factors (triglycerides/high-density lipoproteins) and the atherogenic index (low-density lipoprotein/highdensity lipoprotein) were determined, as well. Three months after the intervention, all these factors were determined again in 86 of the subjects. Data entry and analysis were done on SPSS software. The mean differences in the systolic and diastolic blood pressure, waist circumference, waist circumference/hip circumference ratio, fasting blood sugar, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein before and after the intervention were statistically significant (p < 0.05). The mean differences in weight, body mass index, hip circumference, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein and risk of coronary heart disease events five and ten years after the intervention were not statistically significant (p > 0.05). The atherogenic index of the participants showed that 43.3% of the subjects were in a low-risk situation. Only 29.6% of participants had no risk of coronary heart disease.
Atherogenic risk factors in cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis.; In a study of coronary artery disease in patients with cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX), we documented the presence or absence of atherogenic risk factors and performed detailed analyses of serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles. Four of the seven patients examined had coronary arterial narrowing and/or obstruction, but multiple atherogenic risk factors were not found in any of these patients. Total cholesterol (T.ch) levels and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-ch) levels were lower, and high density lipoprotein2-cholesterol (HDL2-ch) levels were higher in CTX patients than in controls. Triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels were significantly lower in the former. Indices correlating with the risk of atherosclerosis, such as the atherogenic index, and the ratios of apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein AI, HDL2-ch/LDL-ch, HDL2-ch/HDL3-ch, indicated that CTX serum was, in fact, 'anti-atherogenic'. However, coronary artery disease is frequently seen in patients with CTX. This discrepancy suggests the existence of a unique mechanism by which atherosclerosis is induced in patients with CTX. We discuss a mechanism of disturbed lipoprotein metabolism which might be responsible for the deposition of sterols in the tissues of patients with CTX.
Effect of Circular ANRIL on the Inflammatory Response of Vascular Endothelial Cells in a Rat Model of Coronary Atherosclerosis.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: This study aims to investigate the role of circular antisense non-coding RNA at the INK4 locus (cANRIL) in the inflammatory response of vascular endothelial cells (ECs) in a rat model of coronary atherosclerosis (AS). A rat model of AS was established with rats that were injected with a large dose of vitamin D3 and fed a high-fat diet. METHODS: Sixty Wistar rats were randomly assigned into control, model, empty vector, over-expressed cANRIL and low-expressed cANRIL groups (12 rats in each group). Sixteen weeks later, the ultrastructure of their coronary arteries was observed via transmission electron microscopy. Rat serum lipid levels were analyzed using an automatic biochemical analyzer, and their atherogenic index (AI) values were calculated. Hematoxylin and eosin staining was used to observe the endothelial morphology of rats. Additionally, rat EC apoptosis was tested via a TUNEL assay. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) were applied to measure serum levels of interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6, matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) and C-reactive protein (CRP). The cANRIL, Bax, bcl-2 and caspase-3 mRNA expression levels were measured with a quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The protein expression levels of Bax, bcl-2 and caspase-3 were detected using immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: In the control group, ECs were closely arranged with normal structures, and there was no proliferation. In the model, empty vector and over-expressed cANRIL groups, some cells were not present, and atherosclerotic plaques and thrombi appeared. However, in the under-expressed cANRIL group, the cells had a normal structure. Compared with the model and empty vector groups, the levels of total cholesterol (CHOL), triglycerides (TGs), low density lipoprotein (LDL), IL-1, IL-6, MMP-9, CRP, cANRIL, Bax, and caspase-3, AI values, and rates of EC apoptosis decreased in the low-expressed cANRIL group, while HDL (high density lipoprotein) levels and mRNA and protein expression levels of bcl-2 were increased. The changes in expression levels in the over-expressed cANRIL group were the opposite of those in the low-expressed cANRIL group. CONCLUSIONS: Our study provides evidence that reduced cANRIL expression could prevent coronary AS by reducing vascular EC apoptosis and inflammatory factor expression.
[The role of epicardial fat and obesity parameters in the prediction of coronary heart disease].; BACKGROUND: To assess the relationship of parameters of obesity in relationship to coronary angiography findings with correlation of epicardial fat (EF) thickness in uppermentioned context. METHODS: There were 80 patients examined (43 males, 37 postmenopausal females) undergoing elective coronary angiography. We examined the regular obesity parameters - BMI, waist circumference (WC), neck circumference (NC), total body fat (TBF), and visceral fat (VF) using bioimpedance. We assessed the echocardiographically measured EF thickness. We added examination of lipidogram, glycaemia, HOMA-IR (insulin resistance index) and AIP (aterogenic index of plasma). The set was divided into group with coronarographically proved stenosis or stenoses (withCS), and a group without finding of quantifiable stenosis or stenoses (withoutCS). RESULTS: The average thickness of EF in withCS group was 6.3 vs 5.6 mm in group withoutCS (p < 0.025). The differences in the thickness of EF in mentioned groups were 6.5 vs 5.2 mm in males (p < 0.025, = 20 %) and 6.1 vs 6.0 mm in females (p < 0.025, = 1.64 %). In males in withCS group, there was a dominant fat increase in epicardial region and TBF, and in females in withCS group, the fat deposits were increased in general. BMI was not a dominant parameter of adiposity in neither group (males in withCS group 31.11 vs withoutCS 30.41 kg/m(2); females in withCS group 31.40 vs withoutCS 31.20 kg/m(2)). EF was correlated the most by WC in males (r = 0.488; p < 0.005), and in females too (r = 0.564, p < 0.005). The patients in withCS group had increased HOMA-IR 4.75 vs 3.56 in withoutCS group, and AIP 0.22 vs 0.17. CONCLUSION: Thickness of EF in males and VT in females could be considered obesity parameters in assessment of pre-clinical stages of coronary atherosclerosis and prediction of risk of coronary heart disease. In adipose parameters, EF thickness was correlated the most by WC. Risk stratification of coronary artery disease is supplemented by increased HOMA-IR and AIP.
Relationship of dietary intake of fish and non-fish selenium to serum lipids in Japanese rural coastal community.; Several studies have suggested that dietary selenium deficiency may be associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, 55 men and 71 women were selected from participants in a health examination in a rural coastal community in Japan. The mean dietary selenium intake calculated from the simple food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ) was 127.5 micrograms/day. Fish was the major source of dietary selenium and it contributed to 68.7% of the daily total. HDL cholesterol was higher in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group than in the low selenium intake group in all subjects and for males, and a significant difference was found between the middle selenium intake group and the low selenium intake group. The atherogenic index was significantly higher in the low selenium intake group than in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group in males. GPx activity, total cholesterol and triacylglycerols did not show any significant differences among the three different selenium intake groups. Dietary intake of non-fish Se had a positive correlation with HDL cholesterol, and an inverse correlation with the atherogenic index in all subjects and for females. On the other hand, dietary intake of fish-Se had no relationship with any serum lipids. Non-fish Se is an important factor in selenium status for the prevention of CHD.
Lipid levels in female patients with affective disorders.; The role of serum lipids [total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and triglycerides (TG)] in the pathophysiology of mood disorders is not clear. The aim of this study was to determine lipid profiles in patients with affective disorders. The study included medication-free female subjects (41 patients with bipolar disorder, 22 in a manic and 19 in a depressive phase), 34 patients with major depression, and 50 healthy controls. Serum lipid levels were determined using standard laboratory tests. All patients had significantly lower HDL-C values than control subjects. Increased TG levels were found in patients with bipolar disorder compared with healthy subjects. The changes in lipid profiles persisted when data were adjusted for age, smoking and menopausal status. The results revealed no differences in cholesterol and LDL-C levels and body mass index, but significant differences in the ratios of cholesterol/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index) among groups. Our results suggest that low HDL-C levels and a high atherogenic index might be a hallmark of affective disorders. Since low HDL-C levels could be a risk factor for the development of coronary heart disease, further investigation of lipid metabolism in affective disorders is warranted.
Risk factors in normolipidemic male patients with coronary artery disease in Japanese.; We examined serum lipids, lipoproteins, apolipoproteins (Apo), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), C4b-binding protein (C4bp) and lathosterol in 22 normolipidemic (serum total cholesterol less than 220 mg/dl and serum triglycerides less than 150 mg/dl) male patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and 33 normal male subjects. Many of the patients in the CAD group with normal total cholesterol (T-Ch) and triglycerides (TG) had higher TG, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-Ch, beta-lipoprotein (Lipo) and Apo B values and lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-Ch, Apo A-I and Apo A-II values than those of the control group. Differences were also observed in the beta-Lipo/HDL-Ch, Apo B/Apo A-I, and HDL-Ch ratios and the atherogenic index [A.I. = (T-Ch--HDL-Ch)/HDL-Ch], all of which are generally accepted as indices for atherosclerosis. Even in CAD patients with normolipidemia, the HDL-Ch/T-Ch ratio and A.I. seemed to be important risk factors. In addition, Lp(a) and lathosterol, an accepted indicator of whole-body cholesterol synthesis, were higher in the CAD group. The CAD group also appeared to have a higher C4bp value, suggesting that this parameter is correlated with other lipids.
Contemporary comparison of aortofemoral bypass to alternative inflow procedures in the Veteran population.; OBJECTIVE: Multiple vascular inflow reconstruction options exist for claudication, including aortofemoral bypass (AFB) and alternative inflow procedures (AIPs) such as femoral reconstruction with iliac stents, and femoral-femoral, iliofemoral, and axillofemoral bypass. Contemporary multi-institution comparison of these techniques is lacking. METHODS: The Veterans Affairs Surgical Quality Improvement Project (VASQIP) national database (2005-2013) was used to compare AFB vs AIP in a propensity-matched analysis. Primary outcome was mortality at 30 and 90 days. Secondary outcomes included rates of postoperative complications. Multivariable regression assessed the adjusted effect of inflow procedure type on mortality. RESULTS: A matched cohort of 748 claudicant patients (373 AFB, 375 AIP) was identified. The AFB and AIP groups had similar mean age (59.9 vs 60.8 years; P = .30), gender (P = .51), race (P = .52), recent smoking (79.1% vs 76.5%; P = .43), history of coronary artery disease (14.8% vs 14.7%; P > .99), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (18.8% vs 18.4%; P = .92), renal insufficiency (5.9% vs 6.1%; P > .99), and diabetes (22% vs 20%; P = .53), and American Society of Anesthesiologists Physical Status Classification (P = .41). The AFB group had longer mean operative time (4.9 vs 3.5 hours; P < .0001), more senior resident assistants (72.4% vs 61.1%; P < .0001), and greater mean red blood cell transfusion (1.1 vs 0.12 units; P < .0001). AFB and AIP had similar rates of outflow bypass (1.9% vs 1.3%; P = .58) and outflow endovascular interventions (0.54% vs 1.6%; P = .29). AFB trended toward a higher rate of mortality at 30 days postoperatively (2.7% vs 0.8%; P = .06), but by 90 days, the crude mortality rates were similar for the two (2.9% vs 2.1%; P = .5). AFB had higher rates of pneumonia (5.9% vs 0.8%; P < .001), deep vein thrombosis/pulmonary embolism (1.3% vs 0%; P = .03), postoperative transfusion (2.7% vs 0.53%; P = .02), and urinary tract infection (3.5% vs 0.8%; P = .01), but similar rates of myocardial infarction (1.6% vs 0.8%; P = .34), stroke (0.8% vs 0%; P = .12), wound complications (13.1% vs 12.8%; P = .91), renal failure (1.1% vs 0.3%; P = .22), graft failure (1.3% vs 1.1%; P = .75), and return to the operating room (12.9% vs 9.6%; P = .17). Multivariable analysis showed AFB was not independently associated with mortality (odds ratio [OR], 0.48; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.1-3.0). Significant factors included age (OR, 1.2; 95% CI, 1.1-1.4), postoperative renal insufficiency (OR, 2.5; 95% CI, 1.6-4.0), and unplanned reintubation (OR, 35.5; 95% CI, 3.1-399). CONCLUSIONS: For claudicant patients with inflow disease, AFB has higher rates of 30-day complications and a trend toward higher mortality; however by 90 days postoperatively, the two procedure types have similar rates of mortality.
Advanced Atherogenic Index for the Assessment of Consolidated Lipid Risk in Premature Coronary Artery Disease Patients in India.; INTRODUCTION: The high prevalence, severity, and prematurity of coronary artery disease (CAD) in the Indian population cannot be completely explained by the conventional lipid parameters and the existing lipid indices. AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To calculate newly defined advanced atherogenic index (AAI) in premature CAD patients and compare it between cases and controls and Correlate its values with the existing indices. MATERIAL AND METHODS: One hundred and twenty premature CAD patients and an equal number of age and sex matched healthy individuals were included in this study. Lipid profile and nonconventional lipid parameters like oxidized Low density lipoprotein (OX LDL), small dense LDL (SD LDL), lipoprotein (a) apolipoprotein B (Apo B), and apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) were estimated and their values were used to define AAI and existing lipid indices like AI, lipid tetrad index (LTI) and lipid pentad index (LPI). RESULTS: The mean age of cases and controls was 37.29 + 4.50 and 36.13 + 3.53 years, respectively. The value of AAI was highly significant in cases (3461.22 ± 45.20) as compared to controls (305.84 ± 21.80). AAI has shown better statistical significance and correlation (P < 0.0001, r = 0.737) as compared to the earlier indices such as AI (P < 0.01, r = 0.52), LTI (P < 0.001, r = 0.677) and LPI (P < 0.001, r = 0.622) in premature CAD. Kolmogorov D statistic and cumulative distribution function plot has shown that AAI can discriminate cases and controls more accurately as compared to the earlier indices. CONCLUSION: Statistically AAI appears to be a better marker of consolidated lipid risk in premature CAD patients as compared to the earlier indices.
Vitamin D was Superior to Omega-3 as a Simvastatin Adjuvant in Improving Blood Lipids and Atherogenic Index in Type-I Dyslipidemic Rats.; OBJECTIVES: Adjuvant therapy is often used to optimize the antihyperlipidemic effect of simvastatin. Omega-3 and vitamin D supplementation are recommended as adjuvant therapies to low-intensity statins. This study aimed to compare the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 as adjuvant therapy to simvastatin to improve the lipid profiles and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in type-I dyslipidemic rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty-six male rats were randomized and divided into six groups: healthy control, dyslipidemic rats with no treatment, and dyslipidemic rats treated with either low-dose simvastatin only or omega-3 or vitamin D at low and high doses. Dyslipidemia was induced with high-fat diets for four weeks, followed by treatment for the next two weeks. Blood samples were withdrawn before and after simvastatin treatment. In addition, aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) levels were analyzed to assess liver function. RESULTS: Administration of a high-fat diet-induced type 1 dyslipidemia and increased ALT levels (p < 0.05). Treatment with low-dose simvastatin did not significantly improve triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) or non-HDLc levels. When combined with a high-dose vitamin D, simvastatin significantly reduced TG and increased HDLc levels (p < 0.05), thereby improving AIP levels. This improvement was not observed in rats treated with omega-3 or vitamin D at a lower dose. CONCLUSION: We concluded that high-dose vitamin D as an adjuvant to simvastatin therapy was superior to omega-3 in improving TG, HDL, and AIP levels. High-dose vitamin D also improved ALT levels in type-I dyslipidemic rats. This result may be translated in clinics to reduce the risk of coronary syndrome in patients with type-I dyslipidemia.
The effect of 7 years of intense exercise training on patients with coronary artery disease.; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of long-term exercise training on maximal aerobic exercise capacity, evidence of myocardial ischemia and plasma lipid-lipoprotein concentrations in patients with coronary artery disease. Nine men with coronary artery disease, aged 57 +/- 2 years, who had completed 12 months of supervised intense exercise training were restudied after 6 additional years during which they continued to exercise. The first 12 months of training resulted in a 44% increase in maximal oxygen consumption (VO2max) from 25.0 +/- 1.3 to 35.9 +/- 1.5 ml X kg-1 X min-1 (p less than 0.001). The VO2max after 6 additional years (total 7 years) of intense training was 36.8 +/- 2.4 ml X kg-1 X min-1. Plasma high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration increased from 38 +/- 3 to 45 +/- 4 mg X dl-1 at 12 months and rose further to 53 +/- 5 mg X dl-1 at 6 years of follow-up (p less than 0.05). The atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio) decreased from 5.8 +/- 0.4 to 4.9 +/- 0.4 by 12 months (p less than 0.01) and to 4.1 +/- 0.4 after 6 additional years of training (p less than 0.05). Although the maximal heart rate-pressure product was 14% higher after 12 months of training, maximal ST segment depression was significantly less, 0.27 +/- 0.06 versus 0.19 +/- 0.04 mV (p less than 0.05); this improvement was maintained after 6 years of additional training. These data provide evidence that the beneficial effects of a program of intense exercise training can be maintained for long periods in some motivated patients with coronary artery disease who continue to exercise.
Study on lipid and glucose metabolism in patients with vasospastic angina.; The primary purpose of the present study was to evaluate the role of lipid and glucose metabolism in vasospastic angina. A group of 93 patients in whom the presence of ischemic heart disease was suggested, were classified into the control (C) group, consisting of 30 patients; the coronary artery disease (CAD) group, consisting of 47 patients; and the vasospastic angina (VSA) group, consisting of 16 patients. Among these three groups, age, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI), apolipoproteins and the prevalence of diabetes mellitus were compared. No age difference was seen among the three groups. The TC was the highest in the CAD group, followed by the VSA and C groups. A significant difference in TC was noted between the C and CAD groups and the C and VSA groups. TG levels were higher in the CAD group than in the C and VSA groups, without a significant difference among the three groups. The AI was significantly higher in the CAD group than in the C and VSA groups. No significant difference was noted in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus among the three groups. Apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I) levels were higher in the VSA group than in the C and CAD groups, and the difference between the VSA and CAD groups was significant. Apolipoprotein A-II (apo A-II) levels were significantly higher in the VSA group than in the C and CAD groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to develop an experimental model of hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance (IR), markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) using high fat and high sugar (HFHS) diet and to evaluate the efficacy of the model using atorvastatin, a known antihyperlipidemic drug, pioglitazone, a known insulin sensitizer, and Tinospora cordifolia (Tc), an antidiabetic plant. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Following Institutional Animal Ethics Committee permission, the study was conducted in male Wistar rats (200-270 g). The model was developed using a high fat (vanaspati ghee: coconut oil, 3:1) oral diet along with 25% fructose (high sugar) added in drinking water over a period of 6 weeks. Atorvastatin (2.1 mg/kg/day), pioglitazone (2.7 mg/kg/day) and Tc (200 mg/kg/day) were administered 3 weeks after initiation of HFHS diet and continued for another 3 weeks. Parameters assessed were weight, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, insulin, and gastric emptying. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and catalase were assessed as markers of oxidative stress. RESULTS: Administration of HFHS diet demonstrated a significant increase in blood glucose, insulin, total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides with a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Treatment with test drugs decreased blood sugar, insulin, lipid parameters, increased gastric emptying rate, decreased MDA levels, and catalase activity when compared to HFHS diet group, confirming the efficacy of the model. Atherogenic index of all the test drugs (0.48, 0.57, and 0.53) was significantly lower as compared to HFHS diet group (1.107). CONCLUSION: This study confirms the development of a diet based cost-effective and time efficient experimental model, which can be used to study two important markers of cardiovascular disease that is, hyperlipidemia and IR and to explore the efficacy of new molecules in CHD.
Apolipoprotein modifying effects of statins and fibrate in various age groups of coronary artery disease patients.; These days apolipoproteins especially apo B and apo A I are thought to be better predictors of risk of coronary artery disease as compared to lipids and lipoprotein cholesterol. Lifestyle modification and use of lipid modifying drugs such as statins and fibrates have proven effective in reducing the risk of coronary artery disease. Statins and fibrates are known to possess anti-atherosclerotic properties in addition to lipid modifying effects. Extensive data is available regarding lipid modification especially lowering of low density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels by these drugs. But the data regarding the effect of statins and fibrates, on apolipoprotein levels is scanty. Hence the present study was aimed at assessing the effect of statins (atorvastatin, simvastatin) and fenofibrate on serum apo B and apo A I levels in addition to their lipid modifying effects in various age groups of coronary artery disease patients. One hundred patients suffering from coronary artery disease were randomly assigned to 10 mg atorvastatin, 10 mg simvastatin and 200 mg fenofibrate, separately (without any combination). All the patients were divided into three age groups; group I (35-45 years), group II (46-55 years) and group III (> 55 years). Significant modification was observed in lipid and lipoprotein profile of coronary artery disease patients when treated with these drugs (statins and fibrates). A significant increase in serum apo A I (p < 0.01) and decline in serum apo B levels (p < 0.01) was observed in case of coronary artery disease patients after 16 weeks treatment, though the effect started after 1 month. All the three drugs reduced serum apo B levels in a comparable manner. Fenofibrate increased serum high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apo A I levels more as compared to statins. It had nearly, proportionate effect in increasing high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apo A I levels and reducing serum low density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apo B levels while the effect was disproportionate in case of atorvastatin and simvastatin. All the three drugs not only corrected lipid and lipoprotein cholesterol levels but also modified, apolipoprotein levels in a positive direction in coronary artery disease patients. Advancing age had no appreciable effect on the efficacy of these drugs.
Coronary risk in West Sumatran men.; Lifestyle, food habits and blood lipid profiles were studied in two areas - one urban and one rural of West Sumatra, Indonesia, where coconut oil is commonly consumed. Subjects were 102 randomly selected healthy adult men aged 25 to 39 years. Variables considered were socioeconomic level, smoking habits, alcohol and coffee consumption, food intake, indices for obesity, and blood lipid profiles. Urban incomes were higher than in rural areas. The prevalence of cigarette-smoking was 75% in urban and 80% in rural areas. Alcohol consumption was higher in urban (31%) than rural areas (4%). Coffee was used by 52% of urban and 38% of rural men. However, quantities of alcohol and coffee consumed were small. Average energy intakes were 1915 kcal (456 kJ) in the urban and 1845 kcal (439kJ) in the rural areas. Protein intake was 55.8g (11.3% of total energy) in the urban and 46g (9.8%) in the rural areas. Fat intake was 45.0g (20.4%) in the urban and 33.5g (16%) in the rural areas. Dietary fat intake was significantly higher in the urban compared to the rural areas (P<0.005). The average BMI (kg/m2) was 21.2 in the urban and 20.4 in the rural areas. Mean total body fat from 4 skinfolds was 13.4 kg in the urban and 9.1 kg in the rural areas (Durnin's equation). The waist-hip ratio was 0.90 in the urban and 0.88 in the rural areas. Concentrations of total serum cholesterol and of LDL, the LDL-HDL cholesterol ratio and the atherogenic index were significantly higher in the urban compared to the rural areas (P<0.001). Serum HDL tended to increase in the urban areas. Overall, higher economic status married men generally had the higher prevalence of coronary heart disease risk factors.
Association of metabolic and genetic factors with cholesterol esterification rate in HDL plasma and atherogenic index of plasma in a 40 years old Slovak population.; We assessed association between novel biomarkers of cardiovascular disease and conventional factors in 40 years old subjects (208 men and 266 women) from the general population of Slovakia. FER(HDL) (cholesterol esterification rate in HDL plasma), AIP--Atherogenic Index of Plasma [Log(TG/HDL-C)] as markers of lipoprotein particle size, and CILP2, FTO and MLXIPL polymorphisms, were examined in relation to biomarkers and conventional risk factors. Univariate analyses confirmed correlation between AIP, FER(HDL) and the most of measured parameters. Relations between AIP and CILP2, FTO and MLXIPL were not significant. However, CILP2 was significantly related to FER(HDL) in both genders. In multivariate analysis BMI was the strongest correlate of AIP levels. In multivariate model variability of FER(HDL) was best explained by AIP (R(2) = 0.55) in both genders with still significant effect of CILP2 SNP in men. In a model where AIP was omitted, TG levels explained 43 % of the FER(HDL) variability in men, while in women HDL-C was the major determinant (42 %). In conclusions, FER(HDL) and AIP related to the known markers of cardiovascular risk provide means to express their subtle interactions by one number. Our novel finding of association between CILP2 polymorphism and FER(HDL) supports its role in lipid metabolism.
12 weeks' aerobic and resistance training without dietary intervention did not influence oxidative stress but aerobic training decreased atherogenic index in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation.; Our aim was to determine whether 12 weeks' aerobic Nordic walking (NW) or resistance exercise training (RT) without diet-induced weight loss could decrease oxidative stress and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and MetS score in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) (n=144. 54.5 ± 6.5 years). In addition, we compared effects of intervention between overweight and obese subgroups. Prevalence of MetS and AIP index decreased only in NW group and MetS score in both NW and RT groups but not in control group. The changes in AIP index correlated inversely with changes in plasma antioxidant capacity. The change in AIP index remained a significant independent predictor of the changes in MetS score after the model was adjusted for age, BMI and volume of exercise (MET h/week) in NW group. There were no changes in the other measured markers of oxidative stress and related cytokines (e.g. osteopontin and osteoprotegerin) in any of the groups. Nordic walking decreased prevalence of MetS and MetS score. Improved lipid profile remained a predictor of decreased MetS score only in NW group and it seems that Nordic walking has more beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease risks than RT training.
Purification and identification of very low density lipoprotein toxicity preventing activity.; Toxicity preventing activity (TxPA) is a recently identified substance in serum which counteracts the toxic effect of very low density lipoproteins upon endothelial cells in vitro. In two clinical studies, TxPA was low in individuals with angiographically demonstrable coronary artery disease. An atherogenic index which combines TxPA with lipoprotein cholesterol values classifies individuals with coronary artery disease with an accuracy of greater than 93%. TxPA precipitates with 0.15 M trichloroacetic acid and above 3 M (NH4)2SO4. Activity is present in Cohn fractions IV4 and V and is stabilized by antioxidants. TxPA co-elutes with the albumin peak on gel filtration chromatography and as a subcomponent of albumin on ion-exchange chromatography. Isoelectric focusing resolves albumin into two major peaks with pI values of 4.8 and 5.6. The TxPA is identified as the pI 5.6 albumin peak.
The antiatherogenic effect of bixin in hypercholesterolemic rabbits is associated to the improvement of lipid profile and to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects.; Hypercholesterolemia and oxidative stress have been implicated in the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. We investigated whether the carotenoid bixin (BIX) may reduce oxidative damage, inflammatory response, and the atherosclerotic lesion induced by hypercholesterolemia in rabbits. Rabbits received regular chow (control) or a hypercholesterolemic diet (0.5% cholesterol) alone or supplemented with BIX (10, 30 or 100 mg/kg body weight, b.w.) or simvastatin (15 mg/kg b.w.) for 60 days. Treatment with BIX or simvastatin reduced the atherosclerotic lesions in cholesterol-fed rabbits (up to 55 and 96% reduction, respectively). This protective effect of BIX was accompanied by decrease in the levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha by 15%, interleukin 6 by 19%, lipid peroxidation by 60%, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) by 37%, and triglycerides by 41%. BIX increased by 160% the HDL-C levels and decreased by 67% the atherogenic index of hypercholesterolemic rabbits. In atherosclerotic rabbits, the non-protein thiol groups content and the activity of the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione reductase, and thioredoxin reductase were increased in the aortic tissue, whereas paraoxonase activity was reduced in the serum. All these changes were completely prevented by BIX or simvastatin treatment. These results demonstrate that BIX reduces the extent of atherosclerotic lesions and this effect was associated with the decrease in oxidative stress, inflammatory response, and improvement of dyslipidemia, which were most effectively controlled after treatment with 10-30 mg BIX/kg b.w. BIX consumption may, therefore, be an adjuvant to prevent atherosclerosis reducing risk factors for coronary diseases.
Hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative potential of encapsulated herb (Terminalia arjuna) added vanilla chocolate milk in high cholesterol fed rats.; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis is associated with coronary artery disease and occurs in developing as well as developed countries. In the present investigation, hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative properties of encapsulated herb (Terminalia arjuna, 1.8%) added vanilla chocolate dairy drink was evaluated in high cholesterol fed Wistar rats for 60 days. RESULTS: At the end of the experimental period, a significant decrease in the body weight gain by rats receiving the encapsulated herb extract was noted as compared to high cholesterol fed rats. Administration of microencapsulated herb showed a statistically significant decrease in organ weights (epididymal fat and liver). Moreover, a significant decrease in serum lipids such as triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and atherogenic index was observed with encapsulated Terminalia arjuna extract in high cholesterol fed group. Increases in reduced glutathione and decreases in TBARS levels were also reported in both liver and red blood cell lysates with encapsulated herb supplementation. CONCLUSION: The results demonstrated that the bioactive components (phytosterols, flavanoids, saponins and tannins etc.) which are present in the encapsulated T. arjuna not only withstand the processing conditions but also are effectively released in the intestine and show their effects, such as hypolipidaemic and antioxidant activities, for better treating cardiovascular disease.
Anti-atherogenic effects of seabuckthorn (Hippophaea rhamnoides) seed oil.; Seabuckthorn (SBT) seed oil is a rich source of unsaturated fatty acids, phytosterols, carotenoids and flavonoids, which are known to have significant anti-atherogenic and cardioprotective activity. The anti-atherogenic activity of supercritical CO(2) extracted SBT seed oil was evaluated in white albino rabbits fed on high cholesterol diet for 60 days. The study was performed on 20 male healthy rabbits divided into four groups of 5 animals each. Group I - control, group II - SBT seed oil, group III - cholesterol (1%) for 60 days, group IV - cholesterol+SBT seed oil. After 30 days of high cholesterol diet, group IV rabbits received 1 ml of SBT seed oil daily for 30 days. Blood total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglyceride (TG) levels were measured before and after the administration of SBT seed oil. The vasorelaxant activity of the seed oil was studied in vitro using aortic ring model technique and changes in isometric force were recorded using a polygraphic recording system. Accumulation of cholesterol in the aorta was studied using Sudan-IV staining technique. SBT seed oil feeding to normal rabbits for 18 days caused a significant decline in plasma cholesterol, LDL-C, atherogenic index (AI) and LDL/HDL ratio. The HDL-C levels, HDL-C/TC ratio (HTR) and vasorelaxant activity of the aorta were significantly increased. In cholesterol-fed animals the TC, TG, LDL-C and AI were significantly increased and showed a decline following seed oil administration. The increase in HDL-C was more marked in seed oil treated hypercholesterolemic animals. The acetylcholine-induced vasorelaxant activity was significantly decreased in cholesterol-fed animals and could be restored to that of normal values by seed oil administration. These observations suggest that supercritical CO(2) extracted SBT seed oil has significant anti-atherogenic and cardioprotective activity.
Safety and efficacy of ezetimibe added to atorvastatin versus up titration of atorvastatin to 40 mg in Patients > or = 65 years of age (from the ZETia in the ELDerly [ZETELD] study).; Few clinical studies have focused on the efficacy of lipid-lowering therapies in patients > or = 65 years of age. The percentage of change from baseline in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and the percentage of patients achieving prespecified LDL cholesterol levels after 12 weeks of ezetimibe 10 mg plus atorvastatin versus up titration of atorvastatin were assessed in subjects > or = 65 years old with hyperlipidemia and at high risk of coronary heart disease. After stabilization of atorvastatin 10-mg therapy, 1,053 patients, > or = 65 years old, at high risk of coronary heart disease, with and without atherosclerotic vascular disease and a LDL cholesterol level that was not <70 or <100 mg/dl, respectively, were randomized to receive ezetimibe added to atorvastatin 10 mg for 12 weeks versus up titration to atorvastatin 20 mg for 6 weeks followed by up titration to atorvastatin 40 mg for an additional 6 weeks. Ezetimibe added to atorvastatin 10 mg resulted in significantly greater changes at week 6 in LDL cholesterol (p <0.001), significantly more patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease achieving a LDL cholesterol level of <70 mg/dl (p <0.001), and significantly more patients without atherosclerotic vascular disease achieving a LDL cholesterol level of <100 mg/dl (p <0.001) at weeks 6 and 12 compared to atorvastatin 20 mg or atorvastatin 40 mg. In addition, ezetimibe plus atorvastatin 10 mg resulted in significantly greater changes at week 6 in total cholesterol, triglycerides, non-high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, apolipoprotein B (all p <0.001), and HDL cholesterol (p = 0.021) compared with atorvastatin 20 mg and significantly greater changes at week 12 in LDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I (p = 0.001), total cholesterol, apolipoprotein B (p <0.030), and HDL cholesterol (p <0.001) compared with atorvastatin 40 mg. Both treatments were generally well tolerated, with comparable safety profiles. In conclusion, adding ezetimibe to atorvastatin 10 mg produced significantly greater favorable changes in most lipids at 6 and 12 weeks and significantly greater attainment of prespecified LDL cholesterol levels than doubling or quadrupling the atorvastatin dose in patients > or =65 years old at high risk for coronary heart disease.
Effects of simvastatin on the lipid profile and attainment of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol goals when added to thiazolidinedione therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Coronary heart disease is the major cause of mortality in individuals with diabetes mellitus (DM). Given the increasingly aggressive low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) goals for patients with DM set by the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III and the American Diabetes Association, many patients remain above target. Treatment with thiazolidinediones (TZDs) improves glycemic control but does not lower (and may raise) LDL-C concentrations. OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the lipid-modifying efficacy and tolerability of adding the hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A-reductase inhibitor simvastatin to existing TZD therapy in patients with type 2 DM. METHODS: This was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial. Patients with type 2 DM who were taking a stable dose of pioglitazone or rosiglitazone and had a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) value < or =9.0% and an LDL-C concentration > 100 mg/dL were randomized to receive simvastatin 40 mg (the recommended initial dose for patients with DM) or placebo for 24 weeks. The primary end point was the effect of treatment on LDL-C concentrations. Other lipid, lipoprotein, and safety measures were also assessed. RESULTS: Two hundred fifty-three patients (127 [50.2%] men, 126 [49.8%] women; mean age, 56 years) were randomized to treatment (123 simvastatin, 130 placebo). At the end of the study, mean LDL-C concentrations were reduced 34.)% from baseline (from 134.3 to 89.5 mg/dL) in the simvastatin group and were unchanged in the placebo group (P<0.001). Simvastatin produced significant reductions in concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein (apo) B compared with placebo (all, P<0.001 ) and significant increases in concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ( P=0.002 ) and apo A-I ( P=0.006 ). In patients who had not attained target concentrations of LDL-C (<100 mg/dL), TG (<150 mg/dL), or HDL-C (>45 mg/dL) at baseline, significantly more simvastatin recipients had achieved these goals at the end of the study compared with placebo recipients (LDL-C: 67.3% vs 5.2%, respectively, P<0.001; HDL-C: 95.3% vs 83.6%, P<0.05; TG: 40.8% vs 11.0%, P<0.001 ). Simvastatin was well tolerated, and no clinically meaningful differences in the incidence of serious adverse events, treatment-related adverse events, or discontinuations due to adverse events were observed between groups. There were no significant between-group differences in glycemic control (HbA1c) or concentrations of fasting insulin, creatine phosphokinase, or hepatic transaminases. CONCLUSION: Simvastatin was an effective and generally well tolerated treatment for hyperlipidemia when used in combination with TZD therapy in this population of patients with type 2 DM.
Comparison of Cord Blood Lipid Profile in Preterm Small for Gestational Age and Appropriate for Gestational Age Newborns.; INTRODUCTION: Coronary heart disease is one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality in current era. The roots of this epidemic have been traced to as early as foetal life by foetal origin hypothesis. There are a few studies which have compared the cord blood lipid profile of preterm and term babies and thereby leading a path to primordial prevention of chronic diseases. AIM: To study cord blood lipid profile of preterm appropriate for gestational age and preterm small for gestational age neonates and compare atherogenic index of both groups. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 109 preterm infants. Cord blood samples were collected from placental side of umbilical cord at birth and analyzed for lipid profile which includes serum cholesterol, triglycerides, Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL), High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) and apolipoproteins which include ApoA1, Apo B. RESULTS: Preterm Small for Gestational Age (SGA) neonates had statistically significant higher values of triglycerides, Apo B and atherogenic index compared to preterm Appropriate for Gestational Age (AGA) neonates. Other measured lipid levels were not statistically significant, though the values were higher than reference ranges for term babies. CONCLUSION: Prematurity as a factor associated with a more atherogenic lipid profile is re-affirmed and SGA as an additional risk factor has been proven giving scope for future research and primordial prevention.
To what extent are the effects of diet on coronary heart disease lipid-mediated?; BACKGROUND: Cohort and case-control studies support the effect of diet on coronary heart disease. The objective of this study was to analyze the strength of the influence of dietary fat subtypes and other nutrients on serum lipids levels in patients with a first acute myocardial infarction. METHODS: We studied 139 patients with a first myocardial infarction and no previous history of vascular disease. Serum lipids were determined, and nutrient intake was analyzed using a validated 118-food item questionnaire. RESULTS: Multiple regression models found weak but significant associations between the intake of different fatty acids and total to HDL cholesterol ratio (atherogenic index) when we adjusted for age, gender and body mass index (BMI). Positive associations with serum HDL cholesterol concentration were observed for energy-adjusted intake of red wine, alcohol intake, and omega-3 fatty acids intake. However, these nutrients explained less than 12% of the variability in the atherogenic index, and less than 17% in the variability of HDL. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest only a modest contribution of the investigated nutrients on serum lipids (atherogenic index and HDL cholesterol) in coronary patients. Alternative mechanisms of dietary factors not directly related with serum lipids or, more likely, a global effect of diet on inflammatory and antioxidant parameters should be studied in order to better understand the nature of dietary habits' influence on cardiovascular disease.
Effect of discontinuation of growth hormone treatment on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in adolescents born small for gestational age.; Hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, and coronary heart disease have been associated with being born small for gestational age (SGA). It has been reported that GH treatment induced higher insulin levels, which has led to concern regarding the long-term effect of GH treatment in predisposed individuals such as children born SGA. In this study, we assessed the effect of discontinuation of long-term GH treatment in 47 adolescents born SGA on oral glucose tolerance tests, blood pressure (BP), and serum lipid levels for two GH dosage groups (3 vs. 6 IU/m2 x d). At 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment mean (SD) age was 16.0 (2.1) yr. Mean duration of GH treatment had been 6.9 (1.5) yr. Fasting glucose levels and 120-min area under the curve for glucose 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment showed no difference from pretreatment levels for both GH dosage groups. After discontinuation of GH treatment, fasting insulin levels returned to pretreatment levels (8.4 mU/liter), whereas the 120-min area under the curve for insulin decreased, compared with 6-yr levels (P < 0.01), regardless of GH dosage group. No significant difference was found when levels were compared with a control group. In addition, for both GH dosage groups, no significant changes in systolic and diastolic BP SD score, total cholesterol, and atherogenic index (total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were seen from 6 yr of GH until 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment. In conclusion, in children born SGA, the GH-induced insulin insensitivity disappeared after discontinuation of GH, even after long-term GH treatment. Furthermore, the beneficial effect of GH on BP was not changed after discontinuation of GH, and most children had normal lipid levels.
Exploring the burden of mixed dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study in Kashmir, India.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes-related dyslipidemia is a multifaceted, complicated disorder characterized by an abnormal lipid profile in individuals with diabetes. The incidence of different types of dyslipidemia, however, was not a focus of prior investigations. The patients were characterized into three categories of dyslipidemia. Different patterns of dyslipidemia were combined into single dyslipidemia (7 patterns), mixed dyslipidemia (16 patterns), and triple dyslipidemia (4 patterns). METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, 586 people suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included. We assessed the serum lipid profile and used log (TG/HDL-C) to determine the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Dyslipidemia was examined as a categorical variable, and the findings were presented as percentages and numbers. To compare categorical variables, we either utilized Fisher exact tests or Chi square tests. RESULTS: The study comprised of 586 T2DM patients, with 310 (52.9%) women and 276 (47.1%) men. Women have significantly higher hypertension (33.6%) as compared to men (23.2%). 18.94% (111) of patients were having coronary artery disease (CAD) history consisting of 12.28% (72) females and 6.66% (39) males, a difference which is statistically significant. 98.12% of total individuals had as a minimum of one lipid abnormality. 4.61% (27) of study subjects were having isolated dyslipidemia and 93.51% (548) had dual or triple pattern of dyslipidemia (mixed dyslipidemia). High AIP >0.24 (94.8%) was the most predominant trend of dyslipidemia. The dual combination of AIP (>0.24) and HDL (<50 mg/dL in Females and <40 mg/dL in Males) was found to be the most common pattern of mixed dyslipidemia (68.08%). The most prevalent trend of isolated dyslipidemia was found to be high AIP (>0.24), In patients with CAD history. Among the mixed dyslipidemia, the common pattern of dyslipidemia (71.17%) was the dual combination of high AIP (>0.24) and low HDL (<50 mg/dL women and <40 mg/dL males). The triple combination of TG (≥200 mg/dL) and HDL (<40 and <50 mg/dL) and LDL (≥100 mg/dL) was only found in females. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in T2DM patients, with mixed dyslipidemia being the most common type observed in the community of Kashmir valley, India. High AIP was the most prevalent pattern in the current investigation.
Decreased plasma adiponectin concentrations in women with low-grade C-reactive protein elevation.; OBJECTIVE: Inflammation has been suggested as a risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, while some components of metabolic syndrome X have been related to inflammatory markers. We hypothesized that adipocyte secreting protein, adiponectin and leptin, for which have been demonstrated an association with metabolic syndrome X and coronary artery disease, may be associated with inflammatory markers in nondiabetic humans. DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), as an inflammatory marker, and adiponectin and leptin concentrations in 384 nondiabetic Japanese women (mean+/-s.e.m. age 53.6+/-0.8 Years, body mass index (BMI) 23.0+/-0.2 kg/m(2)) undergoing measurement of markers of metabolic syndrome X. RESULTS: The women who had a low-grade hs-CRP elevation (>2.0 mg/l) were significantly older and had higher BMI, body fat mass (BFM), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), atherogenic index (AI=(TC-HDLC)/HDLC), where HDLC is high-density lipoproten-cholesterol), fasting blood glucose and leptin concentrations before and after adjustment for BMI or BFM, while lower HDLC and adiponectin concentrations before and after adjustment compared with women with normal CRP levels (<0.5 mg/l). BMI, BFM, TG, AI and leptin before and after adjustment were found to be correlated with hs-CRP levels, while HDLC and adiponectin before and after adjustment were inversely correlated (all P<0.0001). hs-CRP was independently associated with white blood cell count, blood urea nitrogen and AI and inversely with adiponectin/BFM in the stepwise regression analysis model. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate a significant decrease in plasma adiponectin in low-grade chronic inflammation, and suggest that there is an important linkage between inflammation/adipose tIssue/atherosclerosis.
Lipoprotein analysis. Early methods in the diagnosis of atherosclerosis.; Before 1950, there was no clear perception of the interrelationship of serum lipids, atherosclerosis, and coronary heart disease. Since then, research laboratories have made conflicting claims for the most useful measurement of the serum lipid levels in detecting and managing coronary heart disease. Emphasis has been placed in turn on the measurement of levels of serum cholesterol, lipoproteins, triglycerides, and, currently, cholesterol and lipoproteins again. Physical separation and characterization of serum lipoproteins by ultracentrifugation and electrophoresis resulted in two classification systems for lipoproteins based on hydrated density and electrophoretic mobility, respectively. Two operational by-products were the atherogenic index, an empirical formula supposed to correlate with coronary heart disease, and a phenotype system for classification of the lipoproteinemias. Current National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute criteria for atherosclerosis risk implicate elevated levels of cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and decreased levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Although triglycerides are closely associated with cholesterol in lipoprotein molecules and are positively associated with cardiovascular disease, there is no strong evidence of elevated levels of plasma triglycerides as an independent risk factor in coronary heart disease. Elevated levels of triglycerides can help identify persons with increased risk of cardiovascular disease from other causes, but screening for hypertriglyceridemia is not recommended. Apolipoproteins and lipoprotein Lp(a) are briefly discussed.
DNA polymorphisms of the apolipoprotein B gene in Chinese coronary artery disease patients.; Five restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLP) of the apo B gene and their association with serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels have been studied in 139 Chinese patients with angiographically confirmed CAD (mean age 56.2 +/- 0.8 years) and 154 healthy Chinese subjects (mean 44.0 +/- 1.0 years) of both sexes. The patient group had significantly higher levels of serum total and LDL cholesterol; and apo B (P < 0.001) and lower HDL cholesterol and apo A-I (P < 0.001 and < 0.01, respectively). The frequencies of the rarer alleles of the ins/del, XbaI and EcoRI (but not the PvuII and MspI) polymorphisms were significantly lower in the Chinese compared to those reported in Caucasians. There was no significant difference in allelic frequencies of the signal peptide region (Ins/Del), XbaI, MspI and EcoRI sites of the apo B gene between the patient and control groups. The frequency of the rarer allele of the PvuII RFLP was significantly lower in the CAD patients (P < 0.05) compared to that in the control group (0.05 vs 0.10). None of the DNA polymorphisms was associated with a significant influence on serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels in the patients with coronary artery disease.
Relation of percentage of body fat and maximal aerobic capacity to risk factors for atherosclerosis and diabetes in black and white seven- to eleven-year-old children.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether body fatness, aerobic capacity, and fat distribution are associated with levels of cardiovascular risk factors in children. METHODS: Subjects (N = 57) were 7 to 11 years of age; their percentage of body fat ranged from 10% to 58%. The percentage of fat was measured with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, maximal aerobic capacity was measured on a treadmill, fat distribution was expressed as the waist/hip circumference ratio, and blood pressures were measured with an automated monitor. Measurements of several lipoproteins and apoproteins were combined into one atherogenic index. RESULTS: The percentage of fat was related to the atherogenic index (p = 0.38; p > 0.01) and insulin level (p = 0.78; p > 0.001). Aerobic capacity was inversely related to the atherogenic index (p = -0.27; p > 0.05) and insulin level (p = -0.72; p > 0.001). The waist/hip ratio was not related to the risk factors, and blood pressures were not related to fatness or aerobic capacity. In multiple regression analyses, only fatness explained significant independent proportions of the variance in the atherogenic index and insulin level. After control for fatness, the black children had higher insulin levels (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: At early ages (7- to 11-year-old children), fatness was related to risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
Lipid-lowering effects of colesevelam HCl in combination with ezetimibe.; OBJECTIVE: The primary aim of this study was to compare the effect of colesevelam HCl in combination with ezetimibe to ezetimibe monotherapy on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels in subjects with primary hypercholesterolemia. METHODS: Subjects with primary hypercholesterolemia (N = 86) were enrolled in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. After a 4- to 8-week washout period, subjects received colesevelam HCl 3.8 g/day plus ezetimibe 10 mg/day or colesevelam HCl placebo plus ezetimibe 10 mg/day for 6 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint was the mean percent change in LDL-C during randomized treatment. Secondary endpoints included mean absolute change in LDL-C, mean absolute and mean percent change in levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), non-HDL-C, total cholesterol (TC), apolipoprotein (apo) A-I and apo B, and median absolute and percent changes in triglycerides (TG) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein from baseline to end of treatment. Of the 86 subjects randomized to treatment, 85 were included in the intent-to-treat analysis. RESULTS: After 6 weeks of treatment, colesevelam HCl plus ezetimibe produced a mean percent change in LDL-C of -32.3% versus -21.4% with ezetimibe monotherapy (p < 0.0001). Colesevelam HCl plus ezetimibe was significantly more effective than ezetimibe alone at producing mean percent reductions in TC, non-HDL-C, and apo B and increases in apo A-I (p < 0.005 for all). Neither treatment regimen resulted in significant changes in median TG levels compared with baseline (p = NS). Both treatments were safe and generally well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Colesevelam HCl plus ezetimibe combination therapy significantly reduced mean LDL-C, TC, non-HDL-C, and apo B levels and increased apo A-I levels (p < 0.005 for all) without significantly increasing median TG levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects compared with ezetimibe alone. Although limited in that atherosclerotic coronary heart disease outcomes were not evaluated, this study demonstrated that combining colesevelam HCl with ezetimibe is a therapeutic option in hypercholesterolemic patients, such as those in whom statins are contraindicated and/or who may have intolerances to statin therapy.
Lipid Pentad Index: A novel bioindex for evaluation of lipid risk factors for atherosclerosis in young adolescents and children of premature coronary artery disease patients in India.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the role of non-conventional lipid risk factors like Lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], Apolipoprotein A-I (Apo A-I) and Apolipoprotein B-100 (Apo B-100) and other conventional lipid profile parameters in children and adolescents of premature coronary artery disease (CAD) patients in India; and thereby explain the highest occurrence of premature CAD in this population. METHODS: Forty-five children and adolescents of premature CAD patients (cases, mean age 12.08+/-3.71 years) and forty-five age and sex matched children and adolescents of healthy parents without any history or clinical evidence suggestive of CAD were studied (controls, mean age 12.14+/-3.91 years). RESULTS: We found a significant increase in mean levels of Lp(a), Apo B-100, Total cholesterol (TC), Low Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol (LDL-C) and Triglyceride (TG) in cases than controls. In contrast, Apo A-I and High Density Lipoprotein-Cholesterol (HDL-C) values decreased. Lipid Tetrad Index (LTI) and Atherogenic Index in Indian children and adolescents were also calculated. Kolmogorov D statistic and cumulative probability plot suggest that the new Lipid Pentad Index (LPI) defined by us is able to discriminate case and control populations more precisely than the existing LTI and Atherogenic Index. CONCLUSIONS: The new proposed LPI appears to be a better indicator of lipid risk factors in children and adolescents of premature CAD patients from India, than the prior LTI and Atherogenic Index.
Determinants of the severity and extent of coronary artery disease in patients with type-2 diabetes and in nondiabetic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Factors predicting the anatomic distribution and the severity and extent of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with clinically manifest coronary artery disease (CAD) for type-2 diabetic patients could be different than those for nondiabetic patients. OBJECTIVE: To study the determinants of severity and extent of CAD in consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, compared with those for matched nondiabetic patients, undergoing clinically indicated coronary angiography. METHODS: Coronary angiograms of 48 men and seven women with type-2 diabetes and an equal number of nondiabetic subjects were analyzed quantitatively. Scores reflecting severity and extent of CAD were compared with potential risk factors using univariate correlation analyses and multivariate regression models. RESULTS: For the diabetics, a global coronary atheroma burden index was independently and directly related to age (P = 0.022) and to level of intermediate-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.055), and inversely to level of particles of a subtype of high-density lipoprotein (P = 0.022). Several angiographic indexes were related to the duration of diabetes and control of glycemia. For the nondiabetic group, global atheroma burden was independently related to age (P = 0.028), a history of hypertension (P = 0.028), and concentration of low-density lipoprotein (P = 0.013), and inversely to level of apolipoprotein A-I (P = 0.008). The duration of coronary disease and a history of smoking were also predictive of severe coronary atherosclerosis among nondiabetic patients. CONCLUSIONS: Classical risk factors are strong predictors of the severity and extent of coronary atherosclerosis in nondiabetic patients, but the most important determinants for type-2 diabetic patients are levels of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and apolipoprotein A-I-containing particles of high-density lipoprotein, and factors directly related to diabetes.
[The evaluation of lipoprotein as a screening test for coronary heart disease].; Up to now there is no screening test suitable for coronary heart disease (CHD) among population. 38 cases of CHD diagnosed by electrocardiographic bicycle exercise and 71 cases with negative results as controls were studied concurrently to evaluate the screening test of CHD. According to the significant difference between the two groups, the ratio of TC/HDL-C.HDL-C/TC.LDL-C/HDL-C.HDL2-C/HDL3-C were selected to evaluate their validity and predictivity etc, on several cutoff vale respectively. TC/HDL-C and HDL2-C/HDL3-C were used in parallel to promote the detective value of CHD to 92%. TC/HDL-C was only selected in stepwise regression formula, so the positive likelihood of five-grade value of TC/HDL-C was calculated and different prior-test probability was estimated to predict the post-test probability of CHD. As a result cutoff value 3.2 of TC/HDL-C could be determined as atherogenic index in chinese population.
Lipid composition of mononuclear cell membranes and serum from persons with high or low levels of serum HDL cholesterol.; High density lipoprotein (HDL) levels have been shown to be inversely correlated with the incidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). Since we have previously found that peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from persons with high (n = 10) or low HDL (n = 10) have different functional properties, we wanted to examine the PBMC membrane lipid composition and fluidity, as well as to characterize the serum lipoproteins in greater detail. In persons with high HDL, PBMC membrane phospholipids were higher, and the cholesterol/phospholipid (CH/PL) ratio lower than in persons with low HDL. Membrane cholesterol and phospholipids were positively correlated with serum HDL2. The fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids, and membrane fluidity was similar. The median saturated/unsaturated fatty acid (SFA/UFA) ratio tended to be lower in PBMC membranes and in serum from persons with high HDL; however this was not statistically significant. In serum, total phospholipids and HDL2 components (cholesterol, phospholipids and protein) were higher in persons with high HDL, whereas non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) components (triglycerides, cholesterol, phospholipids and protein) were lower. Furthermore, serum cholesterol esters and the cholesterol esters/free cholesterol (CE/FC) ratio was higher, and the atherogenic index, i.e. (apoB X (total cholesterol-HDLc)/apoA-I X HDLc, lower in persons with high HDL. These results demonstrate that PBMC from persons with high or low serum HDL have a different lipid composition presumably of importance for cell function, lipid transport and atherogenesis.
Lipid spectrum in patients with atherosclerosis of various localizations.; Variants of dyslipidemias were studied in 78 patients with atherosclerosis of various localizations. We also studied HDL content and atherogenic index, which served as a predictor of polyvascular disease. Depending on localization atherosclerosis had specific features. Type II of dyslipidemia was typical for multifocal and coronary atherosclerosis, type IV was typical for brachiocephalic arteries.
The effect of micronised fenofibrate on paraoxonase activity in patients with coronary heart disease.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of micronised fenofibrate on serum paraoxonase (PON) and lipoprotein levels in coronary heart disease patients with type IIb hyperlipidemia. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fifty-two patients were investigated for the three-month effect of 200 mg per day micronised fenofibrate on the serum enzyme activity and concentration of PON and their relationship with serum lipids, high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) parameters. RESULTS: Serum paraoxonase activity was lower in CHD patients with type IIb hyperlipoproteinemia. During the three-month study it was observed that following treatment with micronised fenofibrate, serum triglyceride and cholesterol levels decreased, while HDL-C increased significantly (p<0.001). Low-density lipoprotein (p<0.05) and apolipoprotein B-100 (p<0.01) decreased, while HDL constituent apolipoprotein A-I (p<0.05) increased after micronised fenofibrate treatment. The HDL-associated paraoxonase specific activity increased significantly (p<0.05). To assess whether the increased PON activity was due to elevated HDL and apoA-I level, we standardized PON activity for HDL and apoA-I concentrations. The standardized values for HDL (PON/HDL) increased (p<0.05) while the PON/apoA-I ratio did not change significantly. CONCLUSION: Three months of treatment with micronised fenofibrate is thought to normalize lipid profile and improve antioxidant status by increasing serum paraoxonase activity in these patients.
[Blood plasma lipids and apolipoproteins as indicators of coronary atherosclerosis].; An assessment of one-feature and combined diagnostic value of plasma lipid and apolipoprotein parameters, using stepwise discriminant analysis, was designed to make possible correct differentiation between coronary heart disease (CHD) due to angiographically-verified coronary atherosclerosis and neurocirculatory dystonia (NCD) without signs of coronary arterial affection. The apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein AI (apo B/apo AI) ratio was shown to be the best single apolipoprotein marker capable of correct differentiation between CHD and NCD in 74% of cases. It was similar to the best lipid diagnostic marker, the cholesterol atherogenic index, in terms of discriminating power. The combination of the apo B/apo AI ratio + age + systolic arterial blood pressure proved to be the best combined indicator, bringing the diagnostic error down to 18%.
In vivo anti-hyperlipidemic activity of the triterpene from the stem bark of Protorhus longifolia (Benrh) Engl.; BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemia, a metabolic disorder of lipids, is a well known risk factor of cardiovascular events and metabolic syndrome. In this study, the in vivo lipid-lowering activity of the triterpene (Methyl-3β-hydroxylanosta-9,24-dien-21-oate), isolated from the stem bark of Protorhus longifolia, in high fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemic rats was investigated. METHODS: Structure of the isolated compound was established and confirmed based on spectral (NMR, HRMS, IR) data analysis. Rats were divided into two groups; normal group (fed the normal commercial rats' chow) and the HFD group. After 21 days of experimental period on their respective diets, the HFD rats were sub-divided into 4 groups of six rats per group. Two of the HFD groups were orally treated with the triterpene (100 and 200 mg/kg body weight) for 15 days. At the end of the experimental periods, the rats were sacrificed and blood samples were collected for biochemical assays. RESULTS: The results show that there were significant increases in total serum cholesterol (TC, 15.72 mmol/L) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c, 7.41 mmol/L) with a reduction in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c, 14.75 mmol/L) in HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats after 21 days. Oral administration of the triterpene (100 mg/kg.bw and 200 mg/kg.bw) for a period of 15 days resulted in significant lowering of the levels of TC (7.51 mmol/L) and LDL-c (4.46 mmol/L) with an increase in HDL-c (47.3 mmol/L) in HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Significant decrease in atherogenic index and coronary risk index by the triterpene was observed in HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats. CONCLUSIONS: The triterpene could effectively reduce or control the amount of serum cholesterol and LDL. It is apparent that the compound could contribute to new formulation with significant hypolipidemic effects.
Is evaluation of complex polymorphism helpful in the assessment of prognosis after percutaneous coronary intervention. A prospective study.; BACKGROUND: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a complex disorder accounting for the majority of cardiovascular deaths and morbidity. It is believed that genetic factors explain part of the excessive risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). AIM: To evaluate the influence on long-term prognosis of some genetic polymorphisms affecting renin-angiotensin system, inflammatory response, beta-2 adrenergic receptor, nitric oxide and platelets activity in patients with stable CAD undergoing routine PCI. METHODS: The study population consisted of 110 consecutive male patients with stable angina undergoing elective, single-vessel PCI. Genotyping was performed by polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism-based techniques. Follow-up data were obtained by postal questionnaires regarding survival, myocardial infarction and revascularisation procedures. The control group consisted of 78 healthy males. RESULTS: Compared to controls, the distribution of polymorphisms among patients differed with regard to interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and CD14 variants. Patients who had PCI during follow-up in comparison with the remaining patients had a similar genetic profile, but higher triglycerides (1.9 vs 1.5 mmol/L, p = 0.01) and atherogenic index (3.8% vs 3.1%, p = 0.03) and lower percentage of HDL (21.8% vs 25.0%, p = 0.02). Among subjects with any revascularisation procedures, a similar clinical profile was observed. However, they differed from those without any procedures regarding the distribution of angiotensinogen M235T variants (MM%/TM%/TT%) 28%/64%/8% vs 19%/50%/31%, p = 0.048. Stratification for myocardial infarction showed association with selectin E variants (AA%/AC%/CC%) 57.1%/28.6%/14.3% vs 78.8%/21.2%/0%, p = 0.055 and higher triglycerides (2.11 vs 1.57 mmol/L, p = 0.055). CONCLUSIONS: Although we cannot exclude the role of polymorphism in angiotensinogen and selectin E genes, the prognosis of patients post-PCI in our study was mainly influenced by risk factors related to lipid metabolisms.
Relationship of body fat distribution pattern to atherogenic risk factors in NIDDM. Preliminary results.; Because recent knowledge indicates that the distribution of fat deposits in men may be a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than the degree of obesity alone, some risk factors for atherosclerosis were evaluated in 51 middle-aged men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Abdominal adiposity (waist/hip ratio, WHR) was related to parameters of metabolic control, lipid parameters, and known vascular complications in three different groups. In groups with abdominal obesity, mean annual hemoglobin A1 was significantly (P less than .01) higher than in patients without an abdominal fat distribution. Atherogenic index was significantly increased in the group with the highest WHR and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol) levels were significantly decreased in both groups with upper-body fat distribution. The frequency of peripheral vascular disease, coronary ischemic heart disease, and hypertension was most prominent in diabetic subjects with an abdominal fat mass distribution. A highly significant (P less than .001) correlation was present between WHR and HDL-chol and WHR and the total-cholesterol/HDL-chol ratio; this significant correlation remains after correction for body mass index. A similar correlation could be found between WHR and systolic and diastolic blood pressures. These results demonstrate an association of excess abdominal fat, even without manifest obesity, with worse diabetes metabolic control, cardiovascular complications, and blood lipid levels actually considered to play an important role in atherogenesis.
The protective role of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu extract on diet-induced hypercholesterolemia in rats.; This study was carried out to investigate the protective potential of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu, comprising six crude drugs, on coronary heart disease which is the principal cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The diet-induced hypercholesterolemic rat model, which shows an elevation in low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and atherosclerosis, was employed. The control rats fed a diet of 1% cholesterol and 0.5% cholic acid showed the highest cholesterol levels in serum and feces relative to those fed a normal diet, however, the rats administered Kangen-karyu extract showed reductions in these levels without changes in liver cholesterol, indicating that the reduction of serum total cholesterol by Kangen-karyu extract probably arises from an increase in cholesterol excretion. Furthermore, the administration of Kangen-karyu extract significantly prevented the elevation of serum aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase, known as marker enzymes of liver damage. The elevated serum levels of LDL cholesterol were lowered, however, the high density lipoprotein cholesterol level was significantly elevated by Kangen-karyu extract and these were dose-dependent decreases in the atherogenic index to 15.2, 8.8 and 7.5 at oral doses of 50, 100 and 200 mg from the 19.4 control value, respectively. In addition, Kangen-karyu extract inhibited LDL oxidation in a dose-dependent manner, and the elevated level of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances in control rats showed a decline by the administration of Kangen-karyu extract. The present study suggests that Kangen-karyu could play a protective role against hypercholesterolemia through the regulation of cholesterol levels and inhibition of lipid peroxidation.
Effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: Pioglitazone ameliorates insulin resistance, but has an adverse effect of oedema that may result in subsequent heart failure, especially in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. In this study, we evaluated the effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAA) system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. METHODS: and results: We studied 22 diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and more than 40% of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). Patients were treated with 15 mg of pioglitazone for 12 weeks, in addition to their other hypoglycaemic agents. Pioglitazone significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (155.2±52.9 mg/dl to 131.1±38.4 mg/dl, p<0.01) and haemoglobin A1C (7.13±0.44 to 6.69±0.47, p<0.001). It did not affect low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but significantly decreased triglyceride (115.6±28.8 mg/dl to 99.4±30.0 mg/dl, p<0.05) and atherogenic index of plasma (0.28±0.17 to 0.19±0.16, p<0.05). Pioglitazone did not affect plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone, human atrial natriuretic peptide or N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide. CONCLUSION: Our data suggested that low-dose pioglitazone was a safe and useful agent at least in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and preserved LVEF.
Effects of switching statins on lipid and apolipoprotein ratios in the MERCURY I study.; BACKGROUND: Lipid ratios are clinically useful markers of coronary artery disease (CAD) risk. The effects of rosuvastatin, atorvastatin, simvastatin, and pravastatin on lipid ratios were investigated in the Measuring Effective Reductions in Cholesterol Using Rosuvastatin TherapY (MERCURY) I trial. METHODS: This trial was conducted in 3140 hypercholesterolemic patients with CAD, atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes mellitus, or a 20% 10-year risk for CAD. Patients were randomized to rosuvastatin 10 mg, atorvastatin 10 or 20 mg, simvastatin 20 mg, or pravastatin 40 mg for 8 weeks; all patients except those receiving rosuvastatin 10 mg either were switched to rosuvastatin 10 or 20 mg or remained on initial treatment for 8 more weeks. RESULTS: At 8 weeks, reductions in total cholesterol (TC):high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol:HDL-C, non-HDL-C:HDL-C, and apolipoprotein (apo) B:apo A-I ratios with rosuvastatin 10 mg were significantly greater than those with atorvastatin 10 mg, atorvastatin 20 mg, simvastatin 20 mg, and pravastatin 40 mg (P<0.0001 for all). At week 16, switching to rosuvastatin 10 mg from atorvastatin 10 mg, simvastatin 20 mg, and pravastatin 40 mg and to rosuvastatin 20 mg from atorvastatin 20 mg produced significantly greater reductions in all lipid ratios (P< or =0.0001 for all). Switching to rosuvastatin 10 mg from atorvastatin 20 mg produced significantly greater reductions in TC:HDL-C (P<0.025) and apo B:apo A-I (P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Rosuvastatin 10 mg reduces lipid ratios more than equivalent and higher doses of other statins; switching to equal or lower doses of rosuvastatin produces significantly improved reductions in lipid ratios.
Positive association of adiponectin with soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule sVCAM-1 levels in patients with vascular disease or dyslipidemia.; The aim of our study was to evaluate the relationship of adiponectin to soluble forms of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) in patients with cardiovascular disease or dyslipidemia. Two hundred and sixty-four patients (134 men/130 women, mean age 43.8+/-14.8/46.0+/-14.9 years) of Lipid Center, University Hospital Olomouc, off hypolipidemic therapy for at least 6 weeks, participated in the study. In multiple regression analysis, adiponectin was independently positively associated with serum HDL-cholesterol (p<0.0001) and sVCAM-1 (p<0.0001), female gender (p<0.0001) and negatively with hs-CRP (p=0.014). Serum concentration of adiponectin and sICAM-1 did not correlate but sICAM-1 was independently, positively associated with sVCAM-1 (p<0.0001) and negatively with markers of insulin resistance and inflammation, namely atherogenic index log[triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol] (p<0.0001), hs-CRP (p<0.001) and HOMA (p<0.05). Positive association of adiponectin with HDL-C and negative association with hs-CRP indicate anti-atherogenic properties of adiponectin. The finding of the positive association of adiponectin with sVCAM-1 in patients at risk is unexpected. We hypothesize that adiponectin may be involved (directly or indirectly) in shedding of ectodomains of VCAM-1 from endothelial surface and in this way down-regulates their effects. This process may be protective in the initial stages of atherosclerosis.
Combined efficacy of Vigna radiata (L.) R. Wilczek and Amorphophallus paeoniifolius (Dennst.) Nicolson on serum lipids in albino rats.; Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) is a major killer disease throughout the world. Dyslipidemia is a major contributor to the risk of CAD. Several dietary articles traditionally used in India and other South Asian countries reduced dyslipidemia. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the combined effect of Mung bean (Vigna radiata) and Elephant foot yam (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius) on serum lipids and atherogenic indices in albino rats and to compare it with a standard drug Cholestyramine. Thirty healthy albino rats of both sexes (150-200 g) were randomized to 5 groups of 6 animals each. The grouping were done based on the following criteria: Group I: Normal Control Group, Group II: (Standard Group): Cholestyramine resin 5 mg/kg bw, Group III: (Half Dose Group): Drug powder at 540 mg/kg bw, Group IV: (Effective Dose Group): Drug powder at 1080 mg/kg bw, and Group V: (Double Dose Group): Drug powder at 2160 mg/kg bw. Lipid profile was estimated at the beginning and after 30 days of treatment. The Effective and Double doses of the drug reduced Total cholesterol along with levels of Triglycerides, Low density lipoprotein and Very low density lipoprotein levels significantly (p < 0.01) along with a significant (p < 0.01) increase in high density lipoproteins (HDL) in rats. There was also significant (p < 0.01) improvement in atherogenic indices like Castelli Risk Index I, Non HDL C/HDL, Castelli risk Index II, TG/HDL, Atherogenic coefficient and Atherogenic Index of Plasma. The combination of powdered sprouted mung bean and yam powder have excellent lipid lowering potential.
Comparison of intermittent with continuous simvastatin treatment in hypercholesterolemic patients with end stage renal failure.; Coronary artery disease is the most important cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with end-stage renal failure (RF). Hypercholesterolemia is an important risk factor for coronary heart disease. Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) have difficulties in compliance with their care and treatment. Intermittent simvastatin treatment may help to increase compliance and can be a treatment alternative in patients with CRF at risk of coronary artery disease. We investigated the effects of simvastatin and compared intermittent with continuous simvastatin treatment in hypercholesterolamic patients with CRF. The study group included 40 of 422 CRF patients on dialysis in our clinic. The inclusion criterion was low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) of 130 mg/dL or more. Twenty patients received simvastatin 10 mg/day (continuous group) and 20 patients received simvastatin 20 mg three times a week (only dialysis days- intermittent group) for four months. Nineteen patients served as controls and they were given a prescribed diet only. Total cholesterol (TC) and LDL-C decreased markedly in patients receiving intermittent and continuous simvastatin compared to controls. Continuous simvastatin decreased TC by 23% (P < 0.001) and LDL-C by 39% (P < 0.001). Intermittent simvastatin decreased TC by 26% (P < 0.001) and LDL-C by 40% (P < 0.001). The atherogenic index ratios in both the continuous and intermittent groups (TC/High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and LDL-C/HDL-C) decreased significantly. There was no significant difference in patient compliance between the two groups. Intermittent simvastatin is as effective and reliable as continuous simvastatin treatment and can be an alternative treatment in hypercholesterolemic patients on dialysis.
[ESTIMATING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF HYPOLIPIDEMIC THERAPY WITH ROSUVASTATIN IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY HEART DISEASE DEPENDING ON THE GENOTYPE OF LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE].; Taking into account the genetic heterogeneity of hyperlipidemias, polymorphic genes involved in the regulation of lipid metabolism may explain differences in the efficacy of hypolipidemic therapy. In the present prospective and randomized study, we have investigated the efficacy of rosuvastatin (10 mg/day) in the therapy of atherogenic hyperlipidemias in a group of 62 patients with coronary heart disease (CHD), depending on the genotype of lipoprotein lipase (LPL). The pharmacological correction was carried out during one year under control of lipid metabolism parameters (total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, HDL-unrelated cholesterol, triglycerides, atherogenic index) at the baseline and on 4th, 8th, 24th and 48th week. The HindIII polymorphism (+495T > G, rs320) of the LPL gene was genotyped in all patients studied through a real-time PCR TaqMan assay. Rosuvastatin produced a significant hypolipidemic effect with respect to all investigated lipid metabolism parameters for 24 weeks of treatment. Changes in the parameters of lipid metabolism upon rosuvastatin treatment differed in patients with genotype +495GG as compared to the rest LPL genotypes. In comparison to the +495TT and TG genotypes, the genotype +495GG showed a greater reduction in total cholesterol on 8th week, and in LDL-C, HDL-unrelated cholesterol, and atherogenic index on the 48th week of rosuvastatin therapy (p <0.01). It can be suggested that the pronounced hypolipidemic effect of rosuvastatin in homozygotes +495GG of the LPL gene is associated with modulation of the LPL activity, as it has been previously reported for other statin drugs.
[Prognostic factors in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome concurrent with type 2 diabetes mellitus (according to the results of the registry)].; AIM: To investigate factors that influence annual prognosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome ((NSTEACS) concurrent with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The registry of patients with NSTEACS (non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), unstable angina) included 415 patients, of them 335 had no carbohydrate metabolic disorders, 80 had DM2. The follow-up period, during which the prognosis was evaluated in the patients, was one year after hospital discharge following the index NSTEACS event. Lipidogram readings and the serum levels of endothelin-1 (ET-1), sP-selectin, sE-selectin, and sPECAM were determined on day 10 after admission to hospital. All the patients underwent coronary angiography (CA), Doppler ultrasound of peripheral arteries during their hospital stay. RESULTS: The patients with DM2 versus those without diabetes proved to be significantly older and to have a higher body mass index; among them there were more women, they were noted to have more frequently hypertension and less frequently smoked. The presence of DM2 was associated with significantly increased intima-media thickness and higher GRACE scores (p=0.013) as compared to those in the patients with normal carbohydrate metabolism. There were significant differences in high-density lipoprotein levels that were lower, as well as in triglyceride levels and atherogenic index, which were higher in patients with DM2 than in those without this condition. In addition, there were significant differences in ET-1, sP-selectin, sE-selectin, and sPECAM levels that were significantly higher in the DM2 group. Moreover, the levels of ET-1 and sPECAM were above normal in both the DM and non-DM2 groups. Assessment of poor outcomes at one year of the observation established that cardiovascular mortality rates were significantly higher and coronary angiography was performed much less frequently in the DM2 group. The most significant prognostic factors associated with a poor prognosis were as follows: multifocal atherosclerosis, reduced left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) less than 51%, and increased ET-1 levels more than 0.87 fmol/ml. CONCLUSION: The register-based study has shown that the presence of DM2 statistically significantly increases cardiovascular mortality rates during a year after the index ACS event; the patients of this category are less commonly referred for CA for the estimation of the degree of coronary bed lesion. The most important factors of recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with DM2 within a year after prior ACS are multifocal atherosclerosis, reduced myocardial contractility (LVEF less than 51%), and increased vasospastic endothelial function (an increase in ET-1 levels more than 0.87 fmol/ml).
The HELP-LDL-apheresis multicentre study, an angiographically assessed trial on the role of LDL-apheresis in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. II. Final evaluation of the effect of regular treatment on LDL-cholesterol plasma concentrations and the course of coronary heart disease. The HELP-Study Group. Heparin-induced extra-corporeal LDL-precipitation.; The efficacy of the heparin-induced extracorporeal LDL-precipitation (HELP)-apheresis procedure has been studied in an open prospective multicentre trial. After 2 years of regular weekly HELP-treatment the data from 39 of 51 patients could be evaluated according to the study criteria. Twelve of the initially recruited study patients were omitted from the evaluation either because of premature termination of the treatment or because they did not fulfil the exact guidelines of the study protocol. A mean of 2.831 plasma was regularly treated on average every 7.85 days. The mean pre-/post-apheresis LDL-cholesterol levels decreased from 286/121 mg dl-1 at the first HELP treatment to 203/77 mg dl-1 after 1 year and to 205/77 mg dl-1 after 2 years of regular apheresis; the corresponding values for fibrinogen were 314/144, 246/98 and 250/105 mg dl-1, respectively. In contrast, the mean pre-/post-apheresis HDL-cholesterol levels rose from 41/38 through 51/44 mg dl-1 after 1 year to 52/43 mg dl-1 after 2 years of treatment. The overall result was a normalization of the atherogenic index (LDL-/HDL-cholesterol ratio) from 6.9/3.2 to 4.0/1.9. The angiographies from 33 patients obtained before and after 2 years of regular treatment could be evaluated blindly using the cardiovascular angiography analysis system. The mean degree of stenosis of all segments decreased from 32.5% (SD = 16) to 30.6% (SD = 16.8) over the 2 years. A regression > 8% was observed in 50/187 (26.7%) segments, whereas 29/187 (15.5%) segments showed progression. In 108/187 (57.8%) segments the lesions were stable (< 8% deviation) over 2 years. We conclude that regular treatment with HELP-LDL-apheresis is able to stabilize progressive atherosclerotic disease and to induce almost twice as much regression as progression of atherosclerotic lesions.
Apolipoprotein A-I gene polymorphisms: frequency in patients with coronary artery disease and healthy controls and association with serum apo A-I and HDL-cholesterol concentration.; We have investigated the association between serum high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and apo A-I concentration and the PstI and XmnI restriction fragment length polymorphisms of the apolipoprotein AI-CIII-AIV multigene complex. Two groups of subjects were examined. The first comprised 174 unrelated male patients under 60 years of age with angiographic evidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). Of this group 34 were non-North European. The second group consisted of 104 unrelated healthy male North European subjects aged under 60 and free from demonstrable CAD, who attended a health screening clinic in London. For the PstI polymorphism, the frequency of the rarer P2 allele was 0.12 in both the North European and non-North European patients and this was higher than in the control group (P2 frequency 0.06, P less than 0.05). Healthy individuals with the genotype P1P2 had higher levels of apo A-I but similar levels of HDL-C compared to those with the genotype P1P1. However, CAD patients with the genotype P1P2 had lower serum levels of apo A-I and significantly lower serum levels of HDL-C compared to those with the genotype P1P1 (0.85 mmol/l vs. 1.0 mmol/l, P less than 0.05). The allele frequencies of the XmnI polymorphisms were not significantly different in the control group and the group of North European patients, although within the sample of non-North European patients, the frequency of the X2 allele was significantly higher than that found in the North European controls (0.26 vs. 0.09). Patients with the genotype X1X2 had a higher mean serum concentration of HDL-C and apo A-I compared with patients with the genotype X1X1 (1.14 and 0.93 mmol/l for HDL-C, P less than 0.05; 147 and 123 mg/dl for apo A-I, P less than 0.05). Associations between HDL-C and apo A-I levels and PstI and XmnI genotype were similar in patients taking and not taking beta-blockers. The data show that genetic variation in the apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster is associated with coronary artery disease although only weakly, and suggest that the mechanism of this association may operate through an effect in determining the serum concentration of apo A-I and HDL-cholesterol.
The hypolipidemic activity of Ayurvedic medicine, Arogyavardhini vati in Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemic rats: A comparison with fenofibrate.; BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemia is a major risk factor of coronary heart disease. Currently available hypolipidemic drugs have been associated with number of side effects. Arogyavardhini vati, an Ayurvedic polyherbal formulation has been used for liver disorders. Therefore, present study was designed to evaluate the effect of Arogyavardhini vati in Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemia in rats. OBJECTIVES: Anti-hyperlipidemic activity evaluation of Arogyavardhini vati against Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemia in rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Overnight fasted male Wistar rats (150-200 g) were randomly divided into normal control group [4% Dimethyl Sulfoxide (DMSO), i.p.], positive control group (Triton WR-1339 in 4% DMSO, 400 mg/kg, i.p.), standard drug treated (fenofibrate 65 mg/kg, p.o. for 7 days after inducing hyperlipidemia) and Arogyavardhini vati treated (50, 100, 200 mg/kg, p.o. for 7 days after inducing hyperlipidemia). Rat doses were calculated by extrapolating the equivalent human dose (therapeutic dose, sub-maximum, and maximum dose). Serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein HDL, liver malondialdehyde (MDA), and glutathione (GSH) levels were estimated at end of experiments. RESULTS: Arogyavardhini vati significantly decreased serum cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, and C-reactive protein (CRP) and significantly increased serum HDL in a dose-dependent manner. Decreased MDA and increased GSH levels in liver were observed at all doses of Arogyavardhini vati (50, 100, 200 mg/kg) and fenofibrate-treated groups when compared with Triton-treated group. Atherogenic Index (AI) level was significantly decreased in fenofibrate and Arogyavardhini vati (200 mg/kg) treated rats when compared with normal control. CONCLUSION: Arogyavardhini vati, a traditionally used Ayurvedic medicine may be a useful therapy for hypercholesterolemia through reducing oxidative stress (decreasing MDA and increasing GSH) and lipid levels.
Apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism in men with coronary atherosclerosis in Siberia.; Polymorphism of coding fragment of APOE gene was analyzed in two groups of men. The main group consisted of 77 residents of the West Siberian region aged 45-65 years with coronary atherosclerosis (documented by coronary angiography) without acute coronary syndrome with stable effort angina, functional class II-IV. The reference group consisted of 350 residents of Novosibirsk, aged 45-69 years. Statistically significant associations between genotypes of APOE gene coding part polymorphism and some key lipid risk factors (blood total and LDL cholesterol, atherogenic index, etc.) for coronary atherosclerosis were found in male residents of the West Siberian region. Elevated total mean level of cholesterol was detected in male residents of Novosibirsk with the APOE genotypes containing ε4 allele.
Hypolipidemic effect of arborium plus in experimentally induced hypercholestermic rabbits.; Hypercholesteremia is one of the risk factors for coronary artery disease. The present study highlights the efficacy of the ayurvedic herbal formulation Arborium Plus [Hyppophae ramnoides L. fruit juice (S) and Rhododendron arboreum Sm. Linn flower juice (R) in a 1:4 ratio] on triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), atherogenic index (AI), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs CRP) in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemic rabbits. Four groups of rabbits were subjected to different treatments for 8 weeks: control group, CHOL group (1% w/w cholesterol for 8 weeks), S+R group (1% w/w cholesterol and Arborium Plus for 8 weeks), and A group (1% w/w cholesterol and atorvastatin for 8 weeks). The results showed significant increases in TG, TC, LDL, AI, and hs CRP in hypercholesterolemic rabbits which was significantly reduced in Arborium Plus-treated hypercholesterolemic rabbits. The data demonstrated that the Arborium Plus formulation was associated with hypolipidemic effects in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
Serum PCSK9 levels, but not PCSK9 polymorphisms, are associated with CAD risk and lipid profiles in southern Chinese Han population.; BACKGROUND: Genetic and environment factors affect the occurrence and development of coronary artery disease (CAD). Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), has been investigated extensively in the field of lipid metabolism and CAD. We performed this case-control study to investigate the relationship between serum PCSK9 levels and PCSK9 polymorphisms and lipid levels and CAD risk in a southern Chinese population. METHODS: A hospital-based case-control study with 1, 096 subjects, including 626 CAD patients and 470 controls, were conducted. Genotyping of PCSK9 polymorphisms was performed using polymerase chain reaction-ligase detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method. RESULTS: The frequencies of the AA, AG and GG genotypes of PCSK9 E670G polymorphism were 90.58, 9.27, and 0.16% in the CAD patients, compared with 88.72, 10.85 and 0.43% in the controls, respectively. No R46L variant was detected in this population. There were no significant differences in genotype and allele frequencies of PCSK9E670G polymorphism between the CAD group and the controls. Serum lipid levels were not significantly different in carriers with the G allele and those with the AA genotype. The median (QR) of PCSK9 concentration was 1205.00 ng/l (577.28-1694.13 ng/l) in cases and 565.87 ng/l (357.17-967.50 ng/l) in controls, respectively. Compared with controls, CAD patients had significantly higher PCSK9 levels (z = 4.559, P < 0.001). After adjusting for age, gender, essential hypertension, diabetic mellitus, smoking and lipid profiles, PCSK9 levels remain significantly associated with increased CAD susceptibility (OR = 1.002, 95% CI = 1.001-1.002, P < 0.001). The correlation analyses showed that serum PCSK9 levels were positively associated with triglyceride (TG), Apo B and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) levels in controls. No significant association between the PCSK9 E670G polymorphism and serum PCSK9 levels was observed in the CAD group and the controls. CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that serum PCSK9 levels, but not PCSK9 polymorphisms, are associated with CAD risk in Southern Chinese Han population, and that serum PCSK9 levels are positively associated with AIP.
[Genetic analysis of the correlation of the cholesterol concentrations of blood plasma lipoproteins].; It is shown that phenotypic correlation of atherogenic index (AI)-[(total cholesterol--HDL-cholesterol)/HDL-cholesterol] with liability to IHD equals to 0.47. Based on AI values, the discrimination of individuals into the groups with IHD and without it could be obtained with the error of 29%. Intrapair correlations in the groups of twins and offspring-parent are as follows: rmz = 0.669 (125 pairs), rdz = 0.342 (228 pairs), rop = 0.466 (65 pairs). Partition of AI total phenotypic variance based on correlations among relatives by the least square method allowed to obtain the following estimates: Ga = 68.5%, Ew = 31.5%. Based on the monogenic model, inheritance of "hyper-AI" phenotype (AI higher than the 90% threshold of normal distribution) corresponds to the quasidominant mode with the parameters: p = 12.8% (frequency of the "hyper-AI" allele), II2 = 78.8% (penetrance of homozygotes for the tested allele), II1 = 39.4% (penetrance of heterozygotes) provided that penetrance of opposite homozygotes II0 = 0.
Body fat mass distribution. Influence on metabolic and atherosclerotic parameters in non-insulin dependent diabetics and obese subjects with and without impaired glucose tolerance. Influence of weight reduction.; Due to the recent knowledge that the distribution of fat deposits would be a better predictor of cardiovascular disease than the degree of obesity, some risk factors for atherosclerosis were evaluated in middle age type II male diabetics and in obese subjects with and without glucose intolerance. In non-insulin dependent diabetes, abdominal adiposity reflected by the waist/hip-circumference (WHR) was related to parameters of metabolic control, lipid parameters, blood rheology, insulin status, hypertension and known vascular complications in three different groups. In the groups with abdominal obesity, the mean annual HbA1 is significantly (p less than 0.01) higher than the group without an abdominal fat mass distribution. Atherogenic index is significantly increased in the group with the highest WHR. HDL-cholesterol levels are significantly decreased in both groups with upper body fat distribution. A highly significant (p less than 0.001) correlation was present between WHR and HDL-cholesterol and WHR and total/HDL-cholesterol ratio; this significant correlation remains after correction for body mass index. Whole blood and plasma viscosity and fibrinogen levels are significantly (p less than 0.05) increased in diabetics with upper body fat accumulation and could be compared to patients with proven coronary ischemic heart disease. The frequency of peripheral vascular disease, coronary ischemic heart disease and hypertension is most prominent in diabetics with an abdominal fat mass distribution. Systolic blood pressure even seems to be increased in non-obese diabetics with the highest WHR. A correlation could be found between WHR and both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. When corrected for body mass index the same significant correlation between WHR and blood pressure remained. Both fasting and postprandial insulin and C-peptide values may be the link between abdominal fat deposits and all metabolic disturbances. These results confirm the negative effect of an excess of abdominally located fat cells, even without manifest obesity, on diabetes metabolic control, lipid fractions, hypertension, insulin behaviour, blood rheology and cardiovascular complications. In obese patients with upper body fat accumulation a higher prevalence of glucose intolerance and diabetes is present, in contrast to their counterparts with lower body fat deposit. Both fasting glycemia, insulin and insulin area are significantly (p less than 0.005) increased in the group with the greatest WHR.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic activities of Terminalia pallida Linn. fruits in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats.; Hyperlipidemia contributes significantly in the manifestation and development of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease (CHD). Although synthetic lipid-lowering drugs are useful in treating hyperlipidemia, there are number of adverse effects. So the current interest has stimulated the search for new lipid-lowering agents with minimal side effects from natural sources. The present study was designed to investigate the antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic potentiality of ethanolic extract of Terminalia pallida fruits in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. T. pallida fruits ethanolic extract (TPEt) was prepared using Soxhlet apparatus. Sprague-Dawley male rats were made hyperlipidemic by giving high fat diet, supplied by NIN (National Institute of Nutrition), Hyderabad, India. TPEt was administered in a dose of 100 mg/kg.b.w./day for 30 days in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. The body weights, plasma lipid, and lipoprotein levels were measured before and after the treatment. TPEt showed significant antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic activities as evidenced by significant decrease in plasma total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels coupled together with elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and diminution of atherogenic index in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. There was a significantly reduced body weight gain in TPEt-treated hyperlipidemic rats than in the control group. The present study demonstrates that TPEt possesses significant antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic properties, thus suggesting its beneficial effect in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
The effect of alcohol withdrawal on serum concentrations of Lp(a), apolipoproteins A-1 and B, and lipids.; Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease. The mechanism of the putative protective effect of alcohol intake, however, remains elusive. Recent studies suggest that a ratio of apolipoprotein A-I/apolipoprotein B and Lp(a) are better indicators of the risk of atherosclerosis than total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein cholesterol. To assess the effect of alcohol on these analytes, we determined the concentration of Lp(a), apolipoprotein A-I, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and calculated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in serum of 12 patients meeting DSM-III-R criteria for alcohol dependence at the time of admission for treatment of alcohol withdrawal (before). The analyses were repeated after 4 weeks of supervised abstinence on a locked research unit (after). With abstinence, there was a significant increase in the concentration of Lp(a), the atherogenic index and the ratio of low-density to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol but a significant decrease in total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I, and the apolipoprotein A-I/B ratio. Apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol showed no significant changes before and after alcohol abstinence. Thus, decreased Lp(a) and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I may be factors mediating the putative protective effect of alcohol in coronary artery disease.
Coronary risk factors in middle-aged men as related to smoking, coffee intake and physical activity.; The relationship between lifestyle and coronary risk factors in blood was investigated in 165 middle-aged men. Plasma fibrinogen, serum triacylglycerols (TG), and apolipoprotein B (apo B) were higher, and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) lower in smokers (n = 69) than in non-smokers (n = 96). By linear regression analysis there was a significant positive association between degree of smoking and either total cholesterol (TC), apo B, or plasma fibrinogen, whereas smoking was inversely related to HDLc. Smoking and coffee intake were positively correlated with an atherogenic index, reflecting the balance between low and high density lipoproteins. Sedentary men (n = 59) had higher mean TC, apo B, and atherogenic index than physically active men (n = 104). Smokers used salt more often than non-smokers. Physically active men used vegetables more often than sedentary men. Combining several habits into a "bad habit" score gave a high level of significance for its association with TC, apo B, and the atherogenic index. The results indicate that lifestyle may influence several blood factors involved in atherosclerosis development.
[Blood screening of glucose and lipid disorders as coronary atherosclerosis risks factors in French adolescents 16 to 19-20 years old].; A screening of fasting blood glucose and lipids disorders, presumely linked to premature atherosclerosis namely affecting Coronary arteries, has been performed among 599 adolescents of both sexes with the goal of establishing the actual prevalence of these disorders in French population recruited through different areas of the country. All of them were between ages of 16 and 19-20 years old, and invited to give, in total gratuity, their blood samples to private and accreditable laboratories close to their living habitation. After 262 exclusions due to either previous screening not signaled before or present use of contraceptive pill in girls, only 202 boys and 135 girls remained eligible for such a prevalence study. Using plasma enzymatic dosages of CT, HDL C, (calculated) LDLC, TG, and blood glucose, cut off points for each of these parameters, were analysed as well as calculated international index of CT/HDLC and CT minus HDLC. But the first one index was shown the best tool for the final estimation of the frequency of lipid disorders, which requires primary prevention. Indeed, despite of a rather high frequency of overlaps of CT and LDLC respectively found at 16.3 and 22.5% for boys, and 27.3 and 27.5% for girls, the still higher increase of frequency of HDL C at 31% for boys and 28.1% for girls has shown a very significant compensation of these previous increases. In such a way as the authentic prevalence of atherogenic lipid disorders is found reduced in boys to 8.4% and in girls to 7.4% for CT/HDLC>/=4.5 ratio, and to 5.4% in boys and 5.2% in girls for CT less HDLC. A Familial Dominant Hypercholesterolemia was discovered only two times in two girls 16 years old. Other abnormal lipid profiles were rather those of Mixed H., type IV, chiefly mild Hypercholesterolemia, and some rare cases of HypoHDLemia. The only greater linked cardiovascular risk factor was direct parental C.V. heredity, round 30% among lipid disorders. Obesity remained rare, as well as Metabolic Syndrome in the present recruitment. Contraceptive pill increases significantly all lipid parameters and atherogenic index: chiefly CT minus HDLC which reaches almost the double of frequency (15%) versus that of girls without pill. But 53% of boys with proatherogenic lipid disorders are smokers, while only 10% of these dyslipidemic girls smoke.
A novel approach to assessing family history in the prevention of coronary heart disease.; Family history serves as the most important risk factor in prevention of coronary heart disease from youth. Prevalent methods of assessing family history, however, have serious drawbacks: a sudden rise of risk when a family member develops the disease; insufficient control for age among family members. We propose a simple quantitative method overcoming such drawbacks. Data on family history were obtained by questionnaires sent to 2,393 male high school students and their cholesterol levels were measured. Family risk from each family member was calculated by (30/Risk age)4, where the risk age was age at onset expressed by decade; if absent, it was replaced by present age or age at death. A mean score in a family served as the family risk. A total of 1,584 students and 17,127 family members were analyzed. The proposed method yielded a statistically significant association (Odds ratio = 1.60; 95% confidence interval: 1.15-2.25) between the family risk (above or below the median) and the student's atherogenic index (above or below the 90th percentile) calculated from cholesterols. This association was stronger than those by conventional methods. The proposed method may be useful in prevention activities and its efficiency needs to be confirmed in other studies.
Long-term efficiency, biocompatibility, and clinical safety of combined simultaneous LDL-apheresis and haemodialysis in patients with hypercholesterolaemia and end-stage renal failure.; Three hypercholesterolaemic patients on maintenance haemodialysis with angiographically proven coronary artery disease were treated in a once-a-week schedule by combined, synchronous lipid apheresis (using heparin-induced extracorporeal LDL precipitation) and haemodialysis (HELP/HD) for 65-104 weeks. Clinical side-effects were few and mostly related to high ultrafiltration rates in patients with low compliance regarding interdialytic fluid restriction. Biocompatibility of the procedure was shown to be good and blood cell losses, leukocyte (elastase release) and thrombocyte (beta-thromboglobulin extrusion) as well as complement (C3a formation) activation were minimal. Interestingly, most of the C3a generated in the extracorporeal HELP circuit was immediately removed again in the precipitate filter. In the pseudo-steady-state after 3 months of regular therapy, acute haematocrit-corrected reduction of plasma components after the session compared to pre values were about 55% for the risk factors LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), and fibrinogen (FIB) with good recovery of HDL-C and other proteins. Urea, creatinine, and phosphate elimination was similar to normal haemodialysis. Mean interapheresis values of risk factors after one (n = 2) and two (n = 1) years of treatment were crucially dependent upon ultrafiltration (UF); thus, in two patients with high UF LDL-C concentrations amounting to 185 and 220 mg/dl at baseline and were reduced to about 135 mg/dl LDL-C, while in the patient with low UF the reduction was from 231 mg/dl to 80 mg/dl. The atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C), was reduced from 6.4 and 5.1 to about 4.3 in patients with high UF, from 6.1 to 3.3 in the patient with low UF.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Left and right ventricular diastolic dysfunction in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis before prescribing disease-modifying antirheumatic therapy].; AIM: To estimate the rate of diastolic dysfunction (DD) of the left and right ventricles (LV and RV) in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis (RA) before using disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) therapy and to investigate its association with traditional risk factors (TRFs) for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and inflammatory markers. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The investigation enrolled 74 patients with a valid diagnosis of RA, including 56 (74%) women (median age, 54 years; disease duration, 7 months); the patients who were seropositive for rheumatoid factor (RF) (87%) and/or anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide (anti-CCP) antibodies (100%) who had not been on DMARDs or glucocorticosteroids. TRFs for CVD and carotid artery atherosclerosis were assessed from duplex scanning data and echocardiography was performed in all the patients with early RA before starting the therapy. The ratio of the maximum blood flow velocity during early diastolic filling (E) to that during atrial systole (A) was used as a criterion for LVDD and RVDD. There were 3 types of impaired ventricular filling: 1) E/A <1; 2) E/A = 1-2; 3) E/A > 2. RESULTS: LVDD and RVDD were detected in 35 (48%) and 17 (23%) patients, respectively. RVDD was recorded only in conjunction with LVDD. Among LVDD and RVDD, the former was prevalent. All the patients with early RA were divided into 3 groups: 1) patients with LVDD and RVDD; 2) those with LVDD; 3) those without ventricular DD. All the three groups were matched for the level of DAS28, anti-CCP antibodies, and RF. The incidence of arterial hypertension, dyslipidemia, and abdominal obesity was higher in the patients of Groups 1 and 2 than in those of Group 3. There was a progressive decrease in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations and increases in triglyceride (TG) levels and atherogenic index from Group 3 to Group 1, with the concentrations of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol being similar in the 3 groups. Coronary heart disease was recorded more frequently in Group 2 than in Group 3. Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) proved to be also significantly higher in the patients with DD than in those without DD. Correlations were found between LV E/A and ESR, CRP, HDL cholesterol, TG, RV E/A and ESR, DAS28, TG. CONCLUSION: The patients with early-stage RA were found to have high incidence rates of LVDD and RVDD, which is related to the high prevalence of CVD, the high spread of TRF for CVD, and the high activity of an inflammatory process.
[Importance of HDL cholesterol determination in the evaluation of coronary risk in clinical practice].; OBJECTIVE: To validate to what extent the isolated determination of total Cholesterol (TC) is effective when seeking to predict coronary risk. DESIGN: An observational crossover study of the analytic determinations of the clinics which systematically request TC and HDL-Cholesterol (HDL)--case-finding method. SETTING: Health Centre. PARTICIPANTS: 631 analytic determinations, with samples from people who attended a Health Centre between May and November 1992, were studied. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: As proof of certainty the Atherogenic Index (AI) was used for the relative risks (RR) of suffering a coronary event in line with the Framingham study. The confidence limits (CL) were calculated to 95% in order to quantify random error and permit comparison. On varying the cut-off points of TC the indicators changed, being more sensitive (S) and less specific (E) with the lower figures: 180 mg/dl, RR > 1, S = 97.5% (CL: 100-94.7) and E = 30.5% (36.8-24.2); RR > 2, S = 100%, E = 22.1% (26.9-17.3) and RR > 3, S = 100%, E = 20.8% (25.3-16.3). As values of TC increase, S diminishes and E increases: 250 mg/dl, RR > 1, S = 48.3% (57.2-39.4), E = 87.2% (91.8-82.6); RR > 2, S = 58.6% (76.5-40.7), E = 77.2% (82-72.4) and RR > 3, S = 63.6% (92-35.2), E = 75.3% (80.1-70.5). CONCLUSIONS: HDL must be determined if TC is -200 mg/dl. If everyone with RR > 2 is to be detected, HDL-cholesterol from TC > or = 180 mg/dl must be measured.
[Risk factors relating to coronary artery disease in the elderly].; A total of 224 patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and 167 healthy control beings (C) were evaluated for coronary risk factors. Analysis of low age subset (age less than 55) disclosed hypertension and hypercholesterolemia were more common findings in CAD compared with C. Significantly elevated plasma triglyceride (TG) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and reduced high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations were found in CAD, accompanied by significant increase of atherogenic index (AI). In CAD, a decreased number of males and smokers was noted in high age subset (age over 65). Significantly reduced plasma TG and elevated HDL-C were observed in the elderly compared with the young. AI was also significantly higher in this group. Therefore, in CAD, the level of coronary risk factors seemed to be attenuated in the hig age subset compared with the low age group, which was different from the findings in C in whom significantly increased AI was noted in the elderly. In 61 CAD cases, lipid profiles were monitored for 5 years in average. Significant changes recognized during this period were the reduction of TG, LDL-C and AI along with the elevation of HDL-C, suggesting their risk to be improved. To examine the metabolic effects of diuretics, 52 patients with essential hypertension on trichlormethiazide for long periods were subjected to the substitution of this drug by the inhibitor of angiotensin converting enzyme, enalapril, for more than 3 months. At the end of each treatment, measurements of blood sugar (BS) and insulin (IRI) were made together with lipid analysis.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Lipid composition of blood sera of elderly and long-lived healthy and sick individuals].; Serum cholesterol (SC), HDL SC and triglycerides were measured in 303 senile patients aged 75-89 and 77 long-livers aged over 90. The concentrations obtained were low in healthy long-livers compared to senile subjects. SC, triglycerides and atherogenic index reached the highest values in senile subjects and long-livers with coronary heart disease and abnormal cerebral circulation. Lower levels of HDL SC appeared in the same diseases in senile males and female long-livers against healthy subjects of the relevant age group.
[Clinical estimation of coronary risk factors with special reference to coronary arteriographic findings].; The relationship between coronary risk factors and the severity of coronary artery stenosis (coronary score: CS) was estimated in 225 male subjects (aged 29-82 years, median 60 years old) who had undergone coronary arteriography for suspected coronary heart disease. CS was positively related to age, and levels of fasting blood sugar, uric acid, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B. Alcohol consumption, apolipoprotein AI and AII levels were inversely correlated to CS. Although, the level of CS was significantly higher in diabetics and hypertensives than in non-diabetics and non-hypertensives, the difference of CS level between diabetics and non-diabetics was more remarkable than that between hypertensives and non-hypertensives. Furthermore the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI was the most sensitive index of coronary artery stenosis rather than conventional atherogenic indices such as (TC-HDL-C)/HDL-C. Correlation between CS and the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI was positively and closely associated with aging, and this positive relationship was observed even in non-drinkers, heavier drinkers, non-diabetics and non-hypertensives. The reweighted least squares based on the least median of squares regression analysis indicated that about 27% of the variation in CS could be accounted for by age, complication of diabetes mellitus, complication of hypertension and the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI. These results indicate that the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI is a more sensitive parameter of the severity of coronary artery stenosis than any other atherogenic index. Further, aging, complication of diabetes mellitus, complication of hypertension and an increased level of the ratio of Apo-B/Apo-AI were responsible factors for the severity of coronary arteriosclerosis in male subjects.
The HDL anti-inflammatory function is impaired in myocardial infarction and may predict new cardiac events independent of HDL cholesterol.; BACKGROUND: Intrinsic functional properties of high density lipoproteins (HDL) are considered to be physiologically important for atheroprotection. We compared the HDL anti-inflammatory capacity between patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI) and patients with non-cardiac chest pain, and prospectively determined the association of new major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) with this metric of HDL function. METHODS: A prospective study was carried out in 93 patients referred for acute chest pain (65 patients with acute MI). The HDL anti-inflammatory capacity was determined as the ability to suppress tumor necrosis factor-α-induced vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 mRNA expression in endothelial cells in vitro. RESULTS: Acute MI at admission was associated with impaired HDL anti-inflammatory capacity (p=0.001), even after adjustment for HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I (p=0.003). Twenty nine MACE were ascertained during a median follow-up of 1210 (910-1679) days. New MACE was associated with impaired HDL anti-inflammatory capacity (hazard ratio: 1.80 (1.17-2.77) per SD change, p=0.007) in age, sex, HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein-AI adjusted analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The ability of HDL to attenuate endothelial inflammation is impaired in acute MI, and this metric of HDL function may serve as a predictor of new MACE, even independent of HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I.
Randomised two way crossover comparison of the effects of six weeks propranolol and acebutolol therapy on plasma lipid profiles in patients with hypertension or ischaemic heart disease.; The effect of propranolol and acebutolol therapy on serum lipoproteins was studied in thirty patients (mean age 43.9 +/- 8.7 years) with essential hypertension and/or stable myocardial ischaemia. Patients received six weeks therapy with propranolol (80-160 mg per day) and acebutolol (400-800 mg per day) each in random order and were changed over from one to the other beta-blocker after 6 weeks therapy. On propranolol treatment there was no significant effect on total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol but the concentration of serum triglycerides (94.2 +/- 37.7 to 129.1 +/- 41.2 mg/dl) and VLDL cholesterol (18.9 +/- 7.8 to 26.1 +/- 8.1 mg/dl) significantly increased, concentration of HDL cholesterol (49.5 +/- 9.4 to 42.4 +/- 8.7 mg/dl) significantly decreased (p less than 0.01). Atherogenic index also worsened from 4.17 +/- 0.48 to 5.15 +/- 0.54 (p less than 0.05) on propranolol therapy. Acebutolol therapy, on the other hand, produced no significant change in the concentration of total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and VLDL cholesterol.
High conjugated linoleic acid enriched ghee (clarified butter) increases the antioxidant and antiatherogenic potency in female Wistar rats.; BACKGROUND: Hypercholesterolemia and oxidative stress are the main stimulating factors responsible for coronary artery disease and progression of atherosclerosis. Dairy food products are rich in conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) which is considered as an important component due to its potential health benefits such as anticarcinogenic, antiatherogenic, antidiabetic and antiadipogenic properties. In the present study, the effect of CLA enriched ghee on the antioxidant enzyme system and antiatherogenic properties in Wistar rats has been studied. METHODS: Female Wistar rats of 21 days were taken for the study and fed with soybean diet (Control diet), low CLA diet and high CLA ghee diet (treatments) for thirty five days for studying antioxidative enzymes and sixteen weeks in case of antiatherogenic studies. RESULTS: Feeding of high CLA enhanced ghee during pubescent period in rats lead to an increase in catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) enzyme activities in blood and increased CAT, SOD and glutathione transferase (GST) enzymes activities in liver by 27, 130 and 168 percent, respectively. Plasma nitrate concentration and Haemoglobin levels remained the same in all the treatments. Feeding of high CLA ghee resulted in lower (P < 0.01) plasma cholesterol & triglyceride level (52.17 and 30.27%), and higher high density lipoproteins (33.26%) than feeding of soybean oil (control group) and thus manifested in decreased (P < 0.05) atherogenic index (from 0.472 to 0.244). Lesser cholesterol and triglyceride levels were observed in the liver and aorta of high CLA fed rats than in those of the other groups. Histopathological studies of liver showed normal hepatic cords with portal triad in the high CLA ghee fed rats whereas fatty degeneration of hepatocytes containing fat vacuoles was observed in the liver of the other groups. CONCLUSION: This paper is the first report of the antioxidant and antiatherogenic properties of the high CLA enriched ghee suggesting that high CLA ghee can be used as a potential food for decreasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases, particularly in India, where, ghee is widely used for culinary and medicinal purposes.
Eriosema laurentii De Wild (Leguminosae) methanol extract has estrogenic properties and prevents menopausal symptoms in ovariectomized Wistar rats.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Eriosema laurentii De Wild (Leguminosae) is a medicinal plant used in West and Central Africa for different diseases. In Cameroon, this plant is used as a treatment for infertility, and various gynecological and menopausal complaints. However, despite this use as a natural remedy, the biological activity of Eriosema laurentii has not been studied until now. AIM OF STUDY: In order to determine the potential use of this plant in gynecological conditions/disorders, we evaluated the estrogenic properties of a methanol extract of its aerial parts and its ability to prevent different menopausal health problems induced by bilateral oophorectomy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Two approaches were used. In vitro, recombinant yeast systems were applied, featuring either the respective human receptors (ERα, AR, and PR) or into chromosome III integrated human aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) and the respective reporter plasmid. In vivo, the investigation was carried out using the 3 days uterotrophic assay and 9 weeks oral treatment in ovariectomized rats. RESULTS: The results showed that the methanol extract of the aerial parts of Eriosema laurentii transactivated the estrogen receptor-α and displayed AhR agonistic activity but was neither androgenic nor progesteronic. In rats, the extract did not induce endometrium proliferation either in the 3-day or the 9-week treatment regimens, but induced vaginal stratification and cornification, prevented loss of femur bone mass, increased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and reduced total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), TC/HDL-C ratio, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that the methanol extract of the aerial parts of Eriosema laurentii does not seem to have an undesirable influence on the endometrium but might prevent vaginal dryness and bone mass loss and improve the lipid profile.
Relationship of serum ferritin concentrations with metabolic cardiovascular risk factors in men without evidence for coronary artery disease.; Elevated serum ferritin concentrations between 200 and 500 microg/l have been found to be a strong risk factor for acute myocardial infarction in Finnish men, but the reason for this association is still uncertain. In the Finnish population ferritin concentrations correlated with factors of insulin resistance syndrome. As these factors have been found to be associated with an LDL subfraction phenotype of increased concentrations of small, dense LDL particles, we hypothesized an association between ferritin and an atherogenic LDL subfraction profile, a finding which could be an explanation for the observed relationship between ferritin and atherosclerosis. Therefore we determined serum ferritin levels, metabolic cardiovascular risk factors, and the LDL subfraction phenotype in 93 healthy men without signs for infection or coronary heart disease. We found that men with moderately elevated ferritin levels (200-500 microg/l; n = 31) had a significantly worse coronary risk profile than men with lower levels ( < 200 microg/l; n = 62). Elevated ferritin concentrations were associated with significantly higher values for serum triglycerides, VLDL cholesterol, VLDL apolipoprotein B (P < 0.01), IDL cholesterol, fasting glucose (P < 0.05) and uric acid (P < 0.01), and lower levels for HDL2b and HDL2a cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I (P < 0.05), and lipoprotein(a) (P < 0.01). Elevated ferritin levels were, however, not associated with an unfavourable LDL subfraction profile of increased concentrations of small, dense LDL particles.
Enhanced insulin response relates to acetylcholine-induced vasoconstriction in vasospastic angina.; OBJECTIVES: This study investigated whether insulin response to an oral glucose load correlates to acetylcholine-induced coronary vasoconstriction in subjects with vasospastic angina. BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that coronary vasospasm is caused by augmented vascular responsiveness possibly exerted by atherosclerosis. Recently, insulin resistance syndrome has been proposed as a major promotor of atherosclerotic disease, potentially enhancing vascular smooth muscular tone. METHODS: Among subjects with angiographically smooth coronary arteries, we selected 14 subjects with vasospastic angina and 14 age- and gender-matched subjects with atypical chest pain. We compared coronary vasomotor response to acetylcholine infusion, glucose and insulin responses to an oral glucose load (75 g), serum lipid concentrations, obesity, heart rate, blood pressure and smoking habits in both groups. RESULTS: Fasting serum insulin concentrations and insulin response were higher in subjects with vasospastic angina than in those with atypical chest pain; however, glucose tolerance, obesity, heart rate, blood pressure and smoking habits did not differ between groups. In subjects with vasospastic angina, nearly all coronary segments, except distal segments of the left circumflex coronary artery, were constricted at peak acetylcholine infusion (20 to 100 micrograms), whereas all segments were dilated in subjects with atypical chest pain. Regression analysis for both groups demonstrated a correlation between coronary vasoconstriction and fasting serum insulin concentrations (r = 0.52, p < 0.01), insulin response (r = 0.71, p < 0.001), serum triglyceride concentrations (r = 0.51, p < 0.05) and atherogenic index (r = 0.44, p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Results show that acetylcholine-induced coronary vasoconstriction in subjects with vasospastic angina correlates with hyperinsulinemia and enhanced insulin response, suggesting insulin resistance syndrome as a feature of vasospastic angina.
Plasma adiponectin is related to other cardiovascular risk factors in nondiabetic Korean men with CAD, independent of adiposity and cigarette smoking: cross-sectional analysis.; BACKGROUND: Circulating adiponectins have multiple protective roles as anti-diabetic, anti-atherosclerotic, and anti-inflammatory factors. We examined the relationship between plasma adiponectin concentration and other cardiovascular risk in nondiabetic coronary artery disease (CAD) men and the relationship can be maintained even after adjusted for major environmental factors that contribute to adiponectin concentrations. METHODS: Nondiabetic CAD men (n=613) were 31-70 y and had body mass index (BMI) of 18.5-29.9 kg/m2. RESULTS: Circulating adiponectins positively correlated with age and negatively with BMI, waist circumference and % body fat (p-values of all <0.001). Plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher in never-smokers (5.07+/-0.30 microg/ml) than current (4.15+/-0.12 microg/ml) and ex-smokers (3.75+/-0.20 microg/ml) both before and after adjusted for age and adiposity (p=0.002 and p=0.008, respectively), however they were not significantly different according to alcohol drinking status. After adjusted for age, adiposity and cigarette smoking, plasma adiponectin still have positive correlations with HDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein AI and LDL particle size, and inversely with fasting triglyceride, atherogenic index, insulin resistance and C-reactive protein (CRP). However there was no significant relationships between adiponectin and apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol or LDL cholesterol. In subset analysis by tertile adiponectin concentrations (lowest: <2.92, moderate: 2.92<or=adiponectin<4.75, highest: >or=4.75 microg/ml), 'moderate' and 'highest' adiponectin groups had lower triglyceride (p<0.001), lower atherogenic index (p=0.001), lower fasting insulin (p=0.004), lower insulin resistance (p=0.001), lower CRP (p=0.001), higher HDL cholesterol (p<0.001), higher apolipoprotein AI (p=0.005) and higher LDL particle size (p<0.001) as compared with 'lowest' adiponectin group when adjusted for age, adiposity and cigarette smoking. Platelets were lower in 'highest' adiponectin groups as compared with 'lowest' and 'moderate' adiponectin group after the adjustment. However, there was no significant difference in total cholesterol (p=0.145), LDL cholesterol (p=0.145), apolipoprotein B (p=0.222) and fasting glucose (p=0.157). CONCLUSION: An increase of adiponectin concentrations or the maintenance of higher concentration may be negatively associated with cardiovascular risk factors in nondiabetic CAD male patients, independent of adiposity and smoking status.
Structural changes in the myocardium and serum lipid spectrum in experimental hypercholesterolemia and hypothyroidism.; We studied the peculiarities of lipid spectrum of the blood and structural reorganization of the myocardium in experimental hypercholesterolemia with and without hypothyroidism. It was found that alimentary hypercholesterolemia accompanied by elevated total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, and triglyceride concentrations led to a decrease in body weight, heart weight, number of cardiomyocytes in the heart and induced pronounced lytic changes in cardiomyocytes, circulation disorders (sludge syndrome, echinocytosis of erythrocytes, lymphostasis), diffuse fibrosis of the stroma, and appearance of foam cells among diffuse mononuclear infiltrate cells. The combination of hypercholesterolemia with hypothyroid status caused more pronounced changes in the lipid spectrum and atherogenic index and more pronounced lytic and necrobiotic changes in cardiomyocytes. These findings suggest that elevated cholesterol concentrations in the blood, especially against the background of suppressed thyroid function, can directly induce considerable damage to cardiomyocytes, intramural vessels, and erythrocytes without the development of myocardial ischemia and in the absence of atherosclerotic plaques.
[Prevalence of renal artery stenosis in patients with critical limb ischemia].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate the prevalence of renal artery stenosis in patients with critical limb ischemia and to study any clinical or laboratory indicator that could predict this association. PATIENTS AND METHOD: One hundred consecutive patients with critical limb ischemia evaluated by angiogram were included in the study from January to July 2003. Cardiovascular risk factors and renal function were analyzed. RESULTS: One hundred angiographic studies have been analyzed. Thirty nine (39%) of our patients had some type of pathology of the renal artery but the rest, 61 (61%), had normal and healthy renal arteries. In 5 patients, a bilateral renal pathology was found. Severe disease (> 60% stenosis, bilateral or renal occlusion) was present in 15 cases including 6 occlusions. Once we compared the patients with healthy renal arteries with the patients with different degrees of stenosis, we did not appreciate significant differences in hypertension, diabetes, coronary disease or smoking habit, nor with laboratory data such as creatinine, urea, c-reactive protein, total cholesterol or atherogenic index. No differences were found either comparing patients with normal renal artery with patients with bilateral pathology or with unilateral occlusion. CONCLUSIONS: There is a high prevalence of renal artery pathology in patients with critical limb ischemia although we have not found any clinical or laboratory factors useful to identify them.
Influence of drugs on the TXA2/PGI2 balance and on the atherogenic index in myocardial ischemia in dogs.; The effect of drugs on eicosanoid production and on the development of atherogenic index was investigated in canine myocardial ischemia. Iloprost, verapamil, the trapidil derivative AR 12463 or 0.9% NaCl solution were administered 60 min after coronary artery ligation in anaesthetized dogs. Both iloprost and AR 12463 reduced the thromboxane A2/prostacyclin (TXA2/PGI2) ratio in coronary sinus plasma in comparison to controls. The atherogenic index was significantly decreased in the iloprost as well as in the AR 12463-treated group in comparison to the control group. Verapamil had no influence on the investigated parameters.
High sensitive C-reactive protein (HsCRP) as a cardiovascular risk factor in hypertensive Nigerians.; AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to determine the effect of plasma high sensitivity C-reactive protein (HsCRP) levels on hypertensive and apparently healthy normotensive Nigerians in the management of hypertension. This is a preliminary study; a study involving larger numbers of normotensives and hypertensives is in progress. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Plasma C-reactive protein level was determined in 150 hypertensive patients mean age 46.8±8.2 years and 30 apparently healthy normotensive individuals mean age 38.8 ±13.2years using the enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) technique. RESULTS: The hypertensive subjects had significantly higher body mass index (BMI) (p-value < 0.05) than the normotensive subjects (BMI=28.34 ±4.40kg/m2 Vs. 25.79±2.91kg/m2). The hypertensive subjects also had significantly higher C- reactive protein values (0.18 ± 0.1mg/dL Vs 0.08±0.04 mg/dL) (p-value < 0.0001). Among the hypertensive subjects, there was no significant difference in the level of C-reactive protein between the males and the females (0.17±0.10 mg/dL Vs 0.20±0.09 mg/dL). In the hypertensive patients, CRP positively correlated with atherogenic index (r = 0.551, p < 0.05) and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk (r= 0.589, p < 0.05). However, in normotensive patients, CRP was positively correlated with atherogenic index (r = 0.492, p < 0.01) but negatively correlated with CHD risk (r = -0.475, p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: These results show that the plasma concentrations of HsCRP in hypertensive subjects were significantly higher than those of the normotensive subjects and HsCRP positively correlated with atherogenic index and CHD risk in hypertensive Nigerians.
Hypolipidemic effect of type Ia antiarrhythmic agents in postinfarction patients.; BACKGROUND: Elevated levels of cholesterol and apoprotein B (apo B), the essential carrier protein for low density lipoprotein, are major lipid risk factors for premature coronary disease. Antiarrhythmic agents are frequently prescribed to patients with coronary heart disease and associated cardiac arrhythmias. As part of another study, we retrospectively investigated the effect of antiarrhythmic agents on blood lipids. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population consisted of 1,567 postinfarction patients on whom we prospectively collected serial blood samples for lipid and apoprotein determinations and recorded the concomitant medications the patients were receiving at three follow-up time periods. The lipids, analyzed at a central core laboratory, included total cholesterol, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL C), and apoproteins A-I (apo A-I), A-II (apo A-II), and apo B. The difference in the group mean lipid values for patients receiving and not receiving type Ia antiarrhythmic agents (quinidine, procainamide, and disopyramide) was evaluated by the two-sample t test, and multiple linear regression analyses were performed to adjust for relevant covariates. Patients using type Ia antiarrhythmic agents at the 30-month postinfarction contact (n = 76) had 8.6% lower cholesterol (p less than 0.003), 22.3% lower triglycerides (p less than 0.0002), 6.2% lower apo A-I (p = 0.02), 10.1% lower apo A-II (p less than 0.001), and 12.7% lower apo B (p less than 0.0001) levels than patients not on these medications (n = 1,491). These lower lipid levels were found after adjustment for age, sex, diabetes, smoking status, concomitant medications, and a variety of clinical factors relating to the severity of the coronary disease process. The HDL C levels were similar in those receiving and not receiving type Ia agents. CONCLUSIONS: Patients on type Ia antiarrhythmic agents had significantly and meaningfully lower cholesterol, triglyceride, apo A-II, and apo B levels than patients not receiving these agents. The mechanism of this hypolipidemic effect is undefined, but the mechanism may be related to an alteration by these agents of ionic membrane currents at the hepatocyte level.
Lipoprotein-related coronary risk factors in patients with angiographically defined coronary artery disease: relation to number of stenosed arteries.; To determine whether an index estimating antagonism between low density lipoprotein (LDL) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) would improve separation between groups with and without coronary artherosclerosis, patients undergoing coronary catheterization (35 women and 99 men) were analysed for total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDLc), apolipoprotein A (apo A) and apolipoprotein B (apo B). The subjects were categorized as groups 0, 1, 2 or 3 according to the number of stenosed arteries (greater than 75% areal stenosis). Thirty of the patients showed no significant coronary atherosclerosis (group 0). Serum apo B and TC concentrations were directly related to the number of stenosed vessels, whereas the concentrations of apo A and HDLc were negatively correlated with the number of stenosed arteries. An 'atherogenic Index' (ATH index) calculated as the product of serum concentrations of apo B, and TC minus HDLc divided by the product of apo A and HDLc, proved more satisfactory than individual lipoprotein components for discrimination between subjects with and without stenosis. Accordingly, identification of coronary groups may be improved by using the ATH index.
A critical evaluation of high density lipoprotein cholesterol as an index of coronary artery disease risk in Malaysians.; Fasting serum specimens from (a) 217 male and 46 female patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), aged 35-75 years, who had undergone angioplasty (PTCA) / coronary artery bypass graft (CABG), and (b) 160 apparently healthy controls (106 males, 54 females, aged 30-75 years), were assessed for serum lipid profile. Both sex and ethnicity significantly influenced the levels of serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC); in the controls, females had higher HDLC levels than males (46.7 mg/dl vs 38.5 mg/dl, p<0.00l), while the Indian males possessed significantly lower HDLC values than the male Malay or Chinese. HDLC, triglycerides (TG) and the atherogenic index- LDLC/HDLC ratio were significantly different between the CAD patients and the healthy controls, while total cholesterol (TC) and LDLC did not seem to be of diagnostic value. Serum HDLC was lower in the CAD patients compared to the healthy controls in both sexes (p<0.001), either expressed as HDLC per se or as % HDLC. This observation combined with the odds ratio (OR) values of 0.24 and 0.28 for HDLC and % HDLC respectively in males, firmly establishes HDL as a protective factor of CAD in Malaysians. Significance testing for the X2 values associated with the OR values for the various lipid indices, together with the findings on the receiver-operating characteristices (ROC) curves, i.e. plots of sensitivity vs 1-specificity, indicated that HDLC, % HDLC and TQ were equally efficient as a means of risk assessment to CAD in Malaysians.
[Use of enterosorption for correction of dyslipoproteinemias in patients with ischemic heart disease in geriatric practice].; Sixty patients with coronary heart disease, stable angina pectoris of functional class II and III and dislipoproteinemia (cholesterol greater than 6.5 mmol/l, triglycerides greater than 2.0 mmol/l, the atherogenic index greater than 3.5) were assigned to two groups. 40 patients received enterosorbent (high-porous, small-spherical fraction of CKH carbon). 20 control subjects were treated with placebo. The patients age ranged from 60 to 74. The treatment course lasted for 4 weeks. Evaluation of the treatment results showed that total cholesterol dropped by 20%, triglycerides by 27%, apoB by 32%, apoB-containing lipoproteins by 20%; there were positive changes in circulation, clinical status (in 60% of cases), exercise tolerance (by 12%). Control patients did not present any noticeable shifts. Thus, enterosorption proved an effective modality of dyslipoproteinemia correction in coronary patients of advanced age.
Effect of smoking cessation on lipoprotein A-I and lipoprotein A-I:A-II levels.; Cigarette smoking is associated with low plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I levels, which may explain, in part, its deleterious effects on coronary heart disease (CHD). In a group of ex-smokers, we assessed the influence of smoking cessation on apo A-I particle levels. Plasma lipid, apolipoprotein, and lipoparticle concentrations of 58 subjects who had completely stopped smoking (ex-smokers) were compared with those of 37 subjects who had continued smoking (smokers) before and after a smoking cessation counseling program. Nutritional intake was recorded before and after the program to adjust for potential interaction with plasma lipid variables. Smokers and ex-smokers were similar in gender distribution, age, body mass index (BMI), social status, and nutrient intake. There were significantly greater increases in total cholesterol (P < .04), HDL-C (P < .005), HDL2-C (P < .008), and lipoprotein (Lp) A-I:A-II (P < .04) in ex-smokers than in smokers. After smoking cessation, ex-smokers consumed more vegetable protein (P < .02) and polysaccharides (P < .04) and had higher plasma levels of HDL-C (P < .0004), apo A-I (P < .001), Lp A-I (P < .007), and Lp A-I:A-II (P < .01) than smokers. Adjustments on nutritional variables did not show any additional difference between ex-smokers and smokers, suggesting that smoking per se effects Lp A-I and Lp A-I:A-II levels. In conclusion, HDL particles including Lp A-I and Lp A-I:A-II are higher in ex-smokers than in smokers.
Regular physical activity as a basic component of lifestyle modification reduces major cardiovascular risk factors among male armored force personnel of Shabestar army installation in Iran.; OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular/Coronary Heart Disease (CVD) is a leading cause of disability and death worldwide. The most important risk factors for CVD are well-established and are strongly influenced by lifestyle changes. Clearly, physical activity has been shown to be extremely important in reducing the burden of this disease. The aim of this case-control study was to examine the association between intensity of activities and CVD risk factors in healthy military personnel. PARTICIPANTS: Two group of subjects (active [engaging in three session of field exercises/week] =50, and inactive [with no experience of field exercise]=50) were classified by a questionnaire containing demographic, health history, type and level of physical activity, and employment information. METHODS: Anthropometric indices, lipid-lipoprotein profile, arterial pressures, and fasting blood glucose were assessed. Independent sample t-tests were used for comparison. RESULTS: Physically active subjects had significantly (p≤ 0.05) lower measures of body mass indices (except height), lower levels of total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides (TG), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (S/DBP), risk factor (TC/HDL ratio), atherogenic index (LDL/HDL ratio), and higher levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL-C). Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was normal in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: To reduce the risk factors of developing CVD and preventing its progression significantly, it clearly serves to underscore the beneficial properties of physical activity and to promote its effectiveness as a support for healthier lifestyles in the community and particularly among military personnel. The findings of this study substantiate the need for physical exercise to reduce signs and symptoms associated with CVD risk, even among a young, healthy, generally active population. Further, that these results would appear to corroborate the concept of increasing physical activity, including aerobic activity, as a preventative measure.
Hypertriglyceridemia--acute pancreatitis--ischemic heart disease. A case study in a pair of monozygotic twins.; Hyperlipoproteinemia type V, with serum triglyceride concentrations of about 20 mmol/l, was detected in a pair of monozygotic, 40-year-old twin brothers. One of them had had recurrent attacks of pancreatitis, the other not. The endocrine and exocrine pancreatic functions were apparently normal, supporting that the pancreatitis was secondary to the hypertriglyceridemia. After successful lipid-lowering therapy the attacks of abdominal pain disappeared and remained absent during a 13-year follow-up period. The other twin died of ischemic heart disease nine years after the discovery of his lipid abnormality. The reduction of his lipid levels had been much less successful. His average "atherogenic index" (the ratio of cholesterol in low density to that in high density lipoproteins) was normal but increased to a very high value if cholesterol in very low density lipoproteins was also included together with the low density ones in the numerator. Lipoprotein particles modified in composition may have contributed to an increased uptake through a scavenger pathway and promoted atherosclerosis.
[alpha-lipoprotein cholesterol and its variability in ischemic heart disease].; The authors conducted a repeated examination of 150 patients suffering from ischemic heart disease with normolipidemia and types IIa, IIb and IV hyperlipoproteinemia. The content of alpha-cholesterol in these patients tended to fluctuate, just as the content of other blood lipid fractions. Its fluctuations were most marked in types 11b and IV hyperlipoproteinemia. Comparison of the alpha-cholesterol content in patients with ischemic heart disease with the results of population tests confirmed the information on its lower level in patients. A still greater difference between patients and healthy individuals was revealed when the percentage of total cholesterol for which alpha-lipoproteines accounted and the value of the cholesterol atherogenic index were compared. Reduced concentration of alpha-cholesterol was encountered not only in hyperlipoproteinemia, but also in normolipidemia. The level of alpha-cholesterol had a negative correlative connection with the content of triglycerides in the blood.
[Lipid profile in patients with newly diagnosed coronary heart disease: 2012 and 2013 cross-sectional study in Luis Vernaza Hospital, Ecuador].; INTRODUCTION: Endothelial dysfunction is an early event in the progression of atherosclerosis, and it appears in pathologies such as dyslipidemias. Certain pro-inflammatory enzymes are associated negatively with high-density lipoproteins (HDL) and positively with low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Calculating the atherogenic index greatly complements the study of these diseases. Lipid alterations have a high prevalence in Ecuadorian and Latin American populations. Better knowledge of which lipid alteration is the most prevalent would bring more attention to the subject, leading to early treatment. The goal of this study is to describe the complete lipid profile alterations in patients recently diagnosed with ischemic heart disease and find which of these is the most prevalent. METHODS: We designed a cross-sectional, descriptive study that included patients from the Cardiology Service of the "Hospital Luis Vernaza" who presented with the first episode of ischemic heart disease between January 2012 and 2013. There were 220 patients with that diagnosis. One-hundred and thirty-one were excluded because they did not meet inclusion criteria. The final sample comprised 89 patients. RESULTS: We found 41 (46.06%) patients with low HDL levels, 49 (55.05%) with high LDL levels, 28 (31.46%) with high triglycerides, 24 (26.96%) with high cholesterol levels, 25 (28.08%) with high VLDL levels, 26 (29.21%) had values over 5 in the Castelli index, and 32 (35.95%) had LDL/HDL values higher than 3. DISCUSSION: It is of great importance to have a complete lipid profile from patients recently diagnosed with ischemic heart disease in order to work on secondary prevention. The most prevalent alteration found in our study was high LDL levels. The percentage of patients with low HDL was similar to other Latin American populations. More studies are needed to gain a more accurate idea of the status of the general population in this regard.
Low cardiovascular risks in the middle aged males and females excreting greater 24-hour urinary taurine and magnesium in 41 WHO-CARDIAC study populations in the world.; BACKGROUND: Since taurine (T) administration was proven to decrease blood pressure (BP) and stroke mortality in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertension rates (SHRSP) in the 1980's and our WHO-coordinated CARDIAC (Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison) Study demonstrated that among 5 diet-related factors, namely total cholesterol (T-Cho), body mass index (BMI), sodium (Na), magnesium (M), and T to creatinine (Cr) ratio in 24-hour urine (24U), both T/Cr and M/Cr were inversely related to coronary heart disease mortalities in males and females and T/Cr was inversely related to stroke mortalities in males and females. We further analyzed the associations of individual T/Cr and M/Cr levels to cardiovascular risks in the present study. METHOD: From WHO-CARDIAC Study populations, 61 populations of 25 countries in the world, Japanese populations with obviously higher 24U T excretion because of their common fish eating custom and the other populations in which both data of T and M were not available were excluded and the data of 3960 individuals from 41 WHO-CARDIAC Study populations were used for the following analyses. RESULTS: The means of 24U T/Cr and M/Cr ratios in total individual data were 639.4 and 82.8, respectively. The average of BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), T-Cho and atherogenic index (AI) in the individuals with more than the means of T/Cr or M/Cr were significantly lower than those of individuals with less than the means. The CARDIAC Study participants were divided into the following 4 groups by these means: A (T/Cr and M/Cr > or = mean), B (T/Cr > or = mean, M/Cr < mean), C (T/Cr < mean, M/Cr > or = mean), D (T/Cr and M/Cr < mean). The group A showed significantly lower values compared with the group D in BMI, SBP, DBP, T-Cho, and AI. CONCLUSIONS: Cardiovascular risks were proven to be highly significantly lower in individuals who were excreting both 24U T and M, more than the averages despite differences in ethnicity and genetic background. Since T and M are biomarkers for seafood, vegetables, soy, nuts, milk, etc., dietary custom to eat these food sources could be recommended for cardiovascular disease prevention.
Antioxidant activity and lipid peroxidation in preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies demonstrate a relation between preeclampsia and an increased risk of future maternal coronary heart disease. The pathophysiology of the underlying mechanism is unknown. Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism may contribute to endothelial dysfunction. Oxidative stress and decreased antioxidant defense enhances free radical-mediated membrane lipid peroxidation and possibly vascular endothelial damage. The aim of this study was to elucidate the possible relation between lipidemic status, lipid peroxidation and albumin with total antioxidant activity (AOA) that may contribute to atherogenicity in preeclamptic women. METHODS: Twenty-five women with preeclampsia and 25 normal pregnant women who were matched for maternal and gestational age were selected for the study. Total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI), malondialdehyde (MDA), a marker of lipid peroxidation, AOA and albumin levels were measured. RESULTS: MDA, TC and AI were significantly elevated (p < 0.001), and HDL-C, AOA and albumin levels were significantly decreased (p < 0.001) in preeclamptic patients compared to the control group. CONCLUSION: We conclude that hypercholesterolemia leads to excessive lipid peroxidation. Coexistent diminution in antioxidant activity leads to an imbalance between prooxidants and antioxidants, resulting in oxidative stress. Oxidative stress and elevated AI may contribute to atherogenicity in preeclampsia.
Increased frequency of lipoprotein disorders similar to type III hyperlipoproteinemia in survivors of myocardial infarction in Japan.; We have investigated serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoprotein levels in 97 survivors of acute myocardial infarction in order to clarify the characteristics of lipid and lipoprotein disorders in coronary artery disease among Japanese. Although the HDL cholesterol level was lower and the atherogenic index was higher in the myocardial infarction (MI) group than in the control group, in agreement with previous papers, there was no significant difference in total serum cholesterol level between the MI and the control groups. On the other hand, the triglyceride level was significantly higher in the MI group. The MI group also had higher levels of both cholesterol and triglyceride in the VLDL fraction (d less than 1.006) with a statistically significant increase in the ratio of cholesterol to triglyceride compared with the control group. Levels of both lipids in the IDL fraction (1.006 less than d less than 1.019) were higher in the MI group than in the control group. Lipoprotein analysis with PAG disc electrophoresis revealed a more frequent occurrence of a "midband", which appeared as an additional band between the LDL and VLDL positions, in the MI group than in the control group (MI:51% versus control: 25%, P less than 0.02). The midband-positive subgroup had a higher ratio of cholesterol to triglyceride in the VLDL fraction and higher levels of both lipids in the IDL fraction. Isoelectric focusing of apo VLDL revealed that the incidence of the suspected apo E-ND (E3/2 or E4/2) constitution, which was determined by a low ratio (less than 1.1) of the peak area of E3 to that of E2, was three times higher in the MI group than in the control group (MI:25% versus control: 7%).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effects of weight loss and apolipoprotein E polymorphism on serum lipids, apolipoproteins A-I and B, and lipoprotein(a).; Serum levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease, are strongly influenced by genetic factors. To evaluate the effect of weight loss on serum Lp(a), 54 normolipidemic obese women were examined before and after a two-month weight reduction programme. A mean weight loss of 10.1 kg was associated with decreases of serum triglycerides, total cholesterol (TC), LDL-C, HDL-C, apo B and apo A-I (P = 0.0001 for all variables), but not Lp(a). However, initial Lp(a) values were related to Lp(a) responses during dietary intervention (P = 0.0001). In subjects with pre-treatment Lp(a) values above 30 mg/dl, a mean 26.3% decrease was observed with weight loss, while no change was found in subjects with low Lp(a) values at baseline (P = 0.007 for group comparison). Apo E polymorphism contributes to the variation in lipid levels in the general population and in the obese. The relative contributions of the apo E locus to the total variance of TC, LDL-C and Lp(a) at baseline in these obese women were estimated to be 3.3, 1.7 and 3.2%, respectively, which are less than previously reported in healthy adults. Pre-treatment TC was increased in subjects with the apo E 3/4 phenotype compared to those with the common apo E 3/3 phenotype (P = 0.03). Apo E polymorphism did not affect Lp(a) levels at baseline nor the changes in lipoprotein variables, including Lp(a), during weight loss. In conclusion, short-term substantial weight loss in normolipidemic obese women resulted in a lowering of Lp(a) only in individuals with pre-treatment Lp(a) levels above 30 mg/dl.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Orally delivered microencapsulated live probiotic formulation lowers serum lipids in hypercholesterolemic hamsters.; Elevated serum cholesterol is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease. Nutritional therapies such as probiotics have been suggested to manage elevated cholesterol. This study investigates the cholesterol and triglyceride lowering potential of a microencapsulated feruloyl esterase-producing Lactobacillus fermentum 11976 (LF11976) probiotic formulation. Male Bio F(1)B hamsters were assigned to two groups to receive either the microcapsule probiotic formulation (containing LF11976 cells at 12.51 log colony-forming units/mL) or placebo formulation (empty) microcapsules, twice daily, by oral gavage for 18 weeks. For the duration of the study, animals were fed a hypercholesterolemic diet. Serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and the atherogenic index were 21.36%, 31.43%, and 32.59% lower in the group gavaged with the microencapsulated probiotic formulation than in the placebo control group after 18 weeks (P < .05). Histology studies showed reduced progression of atherosclerotic lesions in animals treated with microencapsulated LF11976 as compared to control animals. Treatment with microencapsulated LF11976 formulation produces significant reductions in serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and serum triglyceride levels in diet-induced hypercholesterolemic hamsters. Findings suggest the potential of the oral microencapsulated probiotic cell formulation as a functional nutritional alternative for managing excessive serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels.
[Exercise in outpatient complex rehabilitation and secondary prophylaxis in patients with ischemic heart disease after acute coronary events (a cooperative trial in Russia)].; AIM: To assess efficacy of early and long-term exercise in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD) after acute coronary events (acute myocardial infarction--AMI, unstable angina--UA, coronary artery bypass grafting--CABG) in wide outpatient medical practice of Russia. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Three to eight weeks after the acute coronary event (ACE) 373 patients from different clinics of RF regions were randomized into two groups: the study group (n = 188) and a control one (n = 185). Both groups received standard therapy, the study group performed also a special exercise program (moderate exercise for maximum 1 hour 3 times a week for a year). The efficacy of the treatment was assessed by clinical, device and biochemical findings during 6-month follow-up. RESULTS: Physical work capacity, total amount of performed work (PW) in stress test rose in the study group by 26.5% (p < 0.01) and 59.4% (p < 0.01), respectively; HRmax and BPSmax x HRmax increased by 6.4 and 9.8%, respectively, p < 0.01); PW/Hrpeak rose by 48.6% (p < 0.01), PW/DP peak--by 45.9% (p < 0.01). Left ventricular ejection fraction increased by 5.6% (p < 0.05), LV stroke volume--by 3.4% (p < 0.05). In 6 months, controls demonstrated a 4.7% (p < 0.05) rise in HDLP cholesterol, total cholesterol lowered in the study group by 6.4% (p < 0.01), body mass index--by 1.9%, number of anginal attacks--by 0.9%. CONCLUSION: The proposed exercise program is effective and can be applied in outpatients after acute coronary events. The program can be also used as a method of secondary prophylaxis as it lowers total cholesterol, atherogenic index and body mass index.
[The validity of the separate determination of total cholesterol in the primary prevention of coronary risk].; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to validate total cholesterol (TC) determination in the primary prevention of coronary risk and evaluate the prevalence of low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels at the different TC cut-off points to thereby determine the TC level at which HDL-C determination is of interest. METHODS: The atherogenic index was used as the reference method in TC evaluation with the values of low HDL-C levels being evaluated at the following TC cut-off points: 160, 180, 200, 220, 240, 250, and 300 mg/dl (4.44; 4.66; 5.18; 5.70; 6.22; 6.48; 7.77 mmol/l). According to the results of the Framingham study the atherogenic index or the existence of low HDL-C levels were considered as abnormal. The sample included 4,162 workers from the province of Alicante (Spain) selected by consecutive sampling and opportunistic search in January and February, 1993. Validity was calculated with confidence interval of 95%. RESULTS: The atherogenic index was high in 43.7% of the sample, ranging from 6% in the population with TC lower than 160 mg/dl (4.14 mmol/l) to 76.4% in those oscillating between 250-299 mg/dl (6.48-7.76 mmol/l). Low HDL-C levels were detected in 20.1% with a prevalence ranging from 38.8% in those with a TC of less than 160 mg/dl (4.14 mmol/l) to 11.9% in those with TC > or = 250 mg/dl (> or = 6.48 mmol/l). The cut-off points for low TC had high sensitivity (S) and low specificity (SP) (160 mg/dl [4.14 mmol/l]: S = 91.1%, SP = 11.5%; 180 mg/dl [4.66 mmol/l]: S = 95.2%, SP = 30.2%). The highest TC points presented very low S and very high SP (250 mg/dl [6.48 mmol/l]: S = 46.3%, SP = 87.7%; 300 mg/dl [6.48 mmol/l]: S = 7.4%, SP = 97%). CONCLUSIONS: The HDL-cholesterol should be determined in people with a total cholesterol of less than 200 mg/dl (5.18 mmol/l) since, in this group there is an important percentage of individuals with an altered atherogenic index and low HDL-C levels.
[Blood lipids and lipid peroxides in the families of patients with ischemic heart disease].; Levels of some fractions of blood neutral lipids and lipoperoxides were compared in the families of patients with coronary heart disease. The patients and their relatives (including healthy ones) were found to show a statistically significant increase in the atherogenic index, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, total lipid, and lipoperoxide concentrations and a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels as against controls. The changes in the values of lipids and lipoperoxides in the families of patients with coronary heart disease were homogenous and might be one of the pathogenetic links in the formation of hereditary predisposition to atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases which might be detected in a prehospital period.
Spontaneous redistribution after reperfusion: a unique property of AIP 201, an ultrasound contrast agent.; OBJECTIVES: We sought to determine the mechanism of spontaneous redistribution of AIP 201 microbubbles after reperfusion from a single left heart injection performed during coronary occlusion. BACKGROUND: AIP 201, an ultrasound contrast agent consisting of 10-microm sized microbubbles, has demonstrated spontaneous myocardial redistribution in preliminary studies. METHODS: Myocardial video intensity (VI) and radiolabeled microsphere-derived myocardial blood flow (MBF) were measured serially after reperfusion in seven dogs undergoing an AIP 201 injection during coronary occlusion. The behavior of these bubbles was also assessed in the rat spinotrapezius muscle using intravital microscopy (IM), both with and without ultrasound. The effect of ultrasound on these bubbles was also determined in vitro. RESULTS: A spontaneous and gradual increase in myocardial VI was noted after reperfusion, which was related to the magnitude of increase in MBF to that region (r=0.82, p < 0.001). On IM, most of the microbubbles were seen entrapped in small arterioles. Some larger arterioles had aggregates of microbubbles that periodically became dislodged and moved downstream. This behavior was not affected in vivo by ultrasound. In vitro, however, microbubble aggregation was noted only during ultrasound exposure. CONCLUSIONS: The magnitude of redistribution of AIP 201 microbubbles to the reperfused myocardium is related to changes in MBF and occurs from their dislodgement from microbubble aggregates entrapped in large arterioles. In vitro microbubble aggregation seen during ultrasound exposure was not reproduced in vivo. These results may have important implications for studying the effects of interventions in acute coronary syndromes and after coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
[Effect of liandou qingmai recipe on atherogenic indices of plasma and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in patients with coronary heart disease].; OBJECTIVE: To observe the intervention effects of Liandou Qingmai Recipe (LQR) on atherogenic indices of plasma (AIP) and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs-CRP) level in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). METHODS: Sixty-eight CHD patients were randomly assigned to two groups, 35 patients in the treatment group and 33 in the control group, all were treated by the regular CHD treatment, but to patients in the treatment group, LQR was given additionally. AIP value was calculated before and after treatment through measuring plasma levels of triglyceride (TG), high-density and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C and LDL-C). Besides, the levels of hs-CRP and peripheral blood leucocyte (PBL) were observed as well. RESULTS: No significant difference existed between groups in all the detected parameters before treatment (P > 0.05). After treatment, levels of LDL-C, HDL-C, hs-CRP and PBL lowered significantly in the control group, but the changes of AIP and TG were insignificant (P > 0.05); while in the treatment group, all the parameters lowered significantly, with the levels of AIP, TG, hs-CRP and PBL significantly lower than those in the control group respectively (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: LQR can decrease levels of AlP and hs-CRP in CHD patients, amplify the diameters of LDL-C granule, and further lower hs-CRP and PLB levels, showing anti-atherosclerosis and anti-inflammation effects.
[Clinical long-term results of H.E.L.P.-apheresis].; The heparin-induced extracorporeal LDL-precipitation (H.E.L.P.) procedure was approved by the German Health Authorities with the requirement of performing a five year postmarketing surveillance (PMS) study to document safety and efficiency data. A postmarketing surveillance resembles a patient registry including a patient population inhomogeneous to a certain degree with respect to clinical diagnosis and stage of the disease, respectively. Compared to clinical studies a patient registry differs by the length of regular documentation due to the fact that new patients can be recruited at any time during the 5 years of registry documentation. These restrictions must be considered to correctly interpret the PMS data presented. During the study period, a total of 628 patients were recruited at 82 HELP-treatment facilities. The mean pre-treatment LDL value was 276 mg/dl and the mean HDL value 45 mg/dl corresponding to an atherogenic index of 6.1. In addition to the regular HELP treatment, most of the patients were treated by diet and statins (88.5%) or other lipid-lowering drugs. Although 90% of all patients had been treated by maximal conventional lipid-lowering drug treatment, 42.2% of all documented patients had LDL plasma values >250 mg/dl; 19% of all documented patients exerted LDL values of >400 mg/dl and were therefore classified as homozygous FH patients. The mean surveillance time was 2 years. For 243 patients documentation was stopped early due to varying reasons: 19 patients passed away during the postmarketing surveillance; in 7 cases HELP treatment was discontinued because of adverse effects, and 78 patients changed the LDL apheresis treatment device and were therefore lost for the PMS. Lacking patient compliance and refusal of further reimbursement of the treatment costs were reasons in 28 patients, and medical reasons were documented for another 111 patients for early termination of apheresis treatment. From 58 991 documented single HELP-treatment procedures, the treated plasma volume was available as a measure for treatment efficiency. The mean treated plasma volume was 2.8 l; in 83.9% of all documented treatments a minimum of >2.5 l was treated. The mean treatment interval was 9.9 days. Out of 628 patients, 158 complained of angina before regular HELP treatment. At the final examination, the majority of these patients (87%) reported marked improvement, similar to self-reported improvement of dyspnea on exertion. The incidence of cardiac events including death, myocardial infarction, angioplasty and CABG was lower in patients with LDL >250 mg/dl (12.3%) as compared to patients with LDL <250 mg/dl (17%). For all patients, the relative rate of events was 16%. One further aim of the PMS study was the documentation of adverse effects of regular HELP treatment using a questionnaire. During five years of PMS, 2734 (4.6%) adverse effects during 59 121 documented single HELP treatments in 622 patients were recorded. To define adverse effects directly related to the HELP procedure, adverse effects of the concomitant drugs administered require careful consideration. Therefore, the incidence of adverse effects directly attributable to HELP does not exceed 1-2%.
Elevation of high-density lipoprotein in epileptic patients treated with phenytoin.; Previous observations have shown that serum alpha (high-density) lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol is increased by some agents which also act as liver microsomal inducers. Against this background we measured the serum HDL and other lipoprotein and apolipoprotein A levels in 28 epileptic patients who received phenytoin as the only medication. In comparison with healthy controls of similar age and sex, the phenytoin users had significantly higher HDL cholesterol (p less than 0.001) and apolipoprotein A-I (p less than 0.01) levels. Highest values of both parameters were found in patients whose serum phenytoin concentration was within the therapeutic range. HDL cholesterol levels were above the control mean +2 S.D. in 43% of the phenytoin users. Hypertriglyceridemia was more common among male phenytoin users than in control males (33 vs. 16%). It is suggested that phenytoin increases the secretion of nascent HDL particles (and probably also that of VLDL) by the liver and that this could be associated with the induction of hepatic microsomes. Since HDL is inversely reversely related to risk of coronary heart disease, the observed increase of this lipoprotein may be an example of a beneficial side-effect of a drug.
A large high-density lipoprotein enriched in apolipoprotein C-I: a novel biochemical marker in infants of lower birth weight and younger gestational age.; CONTEXT: Low birth weight is associated with increased cardiovascular disease in adulthood, and differences in the molecular weight, composition, and quantity of lipoprotein subclasses are associated with coronary artery disease. OBJECTIVE: To determine if there are novel patterns of lipoprotein heterogeneity in low-birth-weight infants. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Prospective study at a US medical center of a representative sample of infants (n = 163; 70 white and 93 black) born at 28 or more weeks of gestational age between January 3, 2000, and September 27, 2000. This sample constituted 20% of all infants born during the study period at this site. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma levels and particle sizes of lipoprotein subclasses and plasma concentrations of lipids, lipoproteins (high-density lipoprotein [HDL] and low-density lipoprotein [LDL]), and apolipoproteins. RESULTS: An elevated lipoprotein peak of a particle with density between 1.062 and 1.072 g/mL was identified using physical-chemical methods. This subclass of large HDL was enriched in apolipoprotein C-I (apo C-I). Based on the amount of the apo C-I-enriched HDL peak, 156 infants were assigned to 1 of 4 groups: 0 (none detected), 17%; 1 (possibly present), 41%; 2 (probably present), 22%; 3 (elevated), 19%. Infants in group 3, compared with those in the other 3 groups, had significantly (P<.001) lower mean birth weight (2683.7 vs 3307.1 g) and younger mean gestational age (36.2 vs 39.3 wk). After correction for age, infants in group 3 had significantly higher levels of total and large HDL cholesterol and of total and large LDL cholesterol and LDL particle number. However, infants in group 3 had lower levels of small HDL, very low-density lipoproteins, and triglycerides than infants in the other 3 groups. This lipoprotein profile differed from that in infants born small for gestational age, who had significantly higher triglyceride (P<.001) and apo B (P = .04) levels, but lower levels of total and large HDL cholesterol (P<.001) and apo A-I (P<.001). CONCLUSIONS: Because apo C-I-enriched HDL, and purified apo C-I alone, promotes apoptosis in vitro, increased amounts of this particle may have physiological significance and identify a novel group of low-birth-weight infants apparently distinct from traditionally classified small-for-gestational-age infants.
[Clinical picture and background for progression of peripheral arteriosclerosis in Japanese patients with coronary artery disease].; Coexisted peripheral vascular disease (PVD: ankle/brachial pressure index A/PBI less than 0.75) or carotid artery disease (CTD: Brochenbrough's supraorbital Doppler flow analysis) were diagnosed by non-invasive testings, and correlated with clinical pictures and coronary backgrounds in 121 consecutive patients with confirmed coronary artery disease. PVD were found in 16.5%, CTD in 33.1% and both PVD and CTD in 9.9%. The mean age of PVD(+) patients was significantly higher than that of PVD(-) patients, furthermore CTD(+) patients displayed a significantly larger number of coronary risk factors than CTD(-) patients. Concerning the subjective symptoms, 20% of PVD(+) patients and 45% of CTD(+) patients were asymptomatic regarding PVD or CTD symptoms. However the degree of calcification of the aortic arch on the chest X-film (n = 104) significantly correlated with A/BPI. In patients with AMI, PVD patients showed significantly higher peak CK and CK-MB values than those in PVD(-) patients, which suggested large infarct size in coexistent PVD patients. With respect to the relationship between coronary risk factors, there was a statistically significant difference between PVD(+) patients and PVD(-) patients in terms of the obesity ratio in males as well as hypercholesterolemia ratio and obesity ratio in females. In CTD patients, significant differences between CTD(+) and CTD(-) patients were found with respect to the smoking ratio and obesity ratio in males as well as the smoking ratio in females. In whole study patients, A/BPI with lowered and A.I. (atherogenic index) increased significantly when patients possessed coronary risk factors equal or more than 4 items, which suggested the progression of PVD with increasing number of coronary risk factors.
[Features of the lipid profile of indigenous and non-indigenous population of the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of the senior age groups with coronary heart disease].; 351 patients of the senior age groups (elderly, senile age and long-livers) of indigenous and nonindigenous population with coronary heart disease were investigated. Atherogenous and antiath-erogenous levels of blood lipids in representatives of non-indigenous population were authentically higher in comparison with indigenous one. Body weight index in long-livers is authentically more low 23.34 +/- 2.05 (p < 0.001), and levels of high density lipoproteins, as well as low density lipoproteins, very low density lipoproteins, triacylglycerol in relation to elderly and to persons of senile age are higher. Women demonstrated authentically higher body weight index--26.63 +/- 3.96 (p < 0.05), higher level of cholesterol--5.32 +/- 1.07 mmol/I (p < 0.001), low density lipoproteins--3.76 +/- 1.04 mmol/l (p < 0.001), high density lipoproteins--0.98 +/- 0.33 mmol/l (p < 0.05), and also very low density lipoproteins, triacylglycerol, atherogenic index are higher. Ethnic, gender, age distinctions, levels of blood lipids at patients with coronary heart disease of elderly and senile age, and also the long-livers living in various regions of Sakha Republic (Yakutia) are revealed.
[Relation of the nutritional characteristics of the population to the blood plasma level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol].; During examination of a sample of 1559 persons in one of the districts in the city of Kiev, statistically significant relationship between the level of plasma HDL cholesterol and the type of nutrition was obtained. Persons with hypoalphacholesterolemia consumed more fats, including animal fats, cholesterol, sugar and less polyunsaturated fatty acids, starch retinol, ascorbic acid, and manganese. The use of recommendations for rational nutrition on the basis of the results of the study in the group of persons with hypoalphacholesterolemia allowed a 30.7% increase in HDL cholesterol, and a 1.7-fold decrease in the atherogenic index as compared to basic data.
Coronary risk factors in angiographically defined patients with chest pain.; Coronary risk factors were assessed in 186 consecutive patients who received coronary angiography. The severity of coronary luminal narrowing was scored as the coronary sclerosis index (CSI). Patients were divided into normal coronary arteries (N, n = 72), coronary sclerosis without infarction (C, n = 73) and previous myocardial infarction (MI, n = 41). The CSI increased with age. A significant difference in serum triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and atherogenic index was observed between Groups C or MI and N. Multivariate analysis revealed that CSI had correlated with total- and HDL-cholesterol, uric acid and age in subjects under 55 years; and with age, blood sugar, factor H and HDL cholesterol in those of 55 years or over. When patients were classified by their total and LDL cholesterol level, a significantly different CSI was found between the desirable and high cholesterol levels in subjects under the age of 55, but it was not significant in those over 55. Therefore, disorders in lipid metabolism should be corrected in early middle age.
[High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) assay--a novel method for assessment of risk ratios for atherosclerotic vascular diseases].; CRP has long been used as a sensitive marker for infectious diseases. Since its serum concentration elevates more than 10 mg/dl with gram-negative bacterial infections, the sensitivity can be enough to be around 0.3-0.6 mg/dl for the diagnosis. However, the sensitivity should be higher in the early diagnosis of infections in new-borne babies. In addition, recently, it was suggested that atherosclerotic lesions are a kind of vasculitis, and the information could be transmitted via production of inflammatory cytokines and acute phase proteins. In fact, serum CRP and serum amyloid protein A(SAA) levels are elevated even in patients with coronary atherosclerosis without acute coronary syndrome(ACS). However, the level was much lower than the cut-off for diagnosis of bacterial infection. Therefore, the high-sensitive assay method has been applied. As the result, high-sensitivity(hs) CRP assay was found to be one of the most sensitive markers for prediction of future ACS in USA. Combination of hsCRP and atherogenic index such as total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol or LDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio is more useful. Similarly, it was found that hsCRP could predict the future prevalence of ACS even in Japan. It may be true because production of CRP is independent upon the genetic backgrounds. Early prevention of ACS by the measurement of hsCRP is calculated to be economic even if we measured hsCRF often in subjects without symptoms, because medical cost for treatment of acute myocardial infarction is enormous. In patients with high risk for coronary heart diseases, hsCRP-guided therapy is possible by using aspirin, stains, and antibiotics for prevention of ACS.
[Experience with the risk factor-based prevention of ischemic heart disease at a Pyatigorsk health resort].; Methods and efficacy of correction of kinesitherapy, body mass and cholesterolemia in CHD prevention were studied in 162 patients with pathology of the locomotor system combined with obesity in the Pyatigorsk health resort area. Various methods of exercise therapy and special diets (low-caloric and subcaloric--6694-10460 kJ) combined with methods of balneotherapy were used. Favorable shifts in the clinical status of patients, an increase in their physical activity 2-fold and more, a decrease in excess body mass, a decrease in the blood level of total cholesterol (in 78%), an increase in alpha-lipoprotein cholesterol (65%), and a decrease in cholesterol atherogenic index (in all patients with initial pathology) were noted.
Normal cholesterol measurements in white collar workers still at cardiovascular risk?; Low serum total cholesterol (TC) in workers has been taken to indicate absence of cardiovascular (CV) risk. In angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease TC has been shown to be less poignant than compound indices of cardiovascular risk in separating patients from controls. The implications for prevention in an industrial medical setting of relying on TC measurements are discussed. Employees (n = 229) tested by an occupational health service in a non-manufacturing firm were dichotomized as low and high cardiovascular risk subjects either by the level of total cholesterol, or by two compound indices of blood lipid components. The compound indices were: the TC/HDLc-ratio, and an 'atherogenic index' (ATH-index) defined as ([TC-HDLc] x [apo B]) + ([HDLc] x [apo A]). (apo A = apolipoprotein A-I, apo B = apolipoprotein B). Cut-off values to separate between low- and high-risk subjects were defined as TC = 6.0 mmol/l, HDLc = 0.9 mmol/l, apo A = 1.8 milligrams and apo B = 1.3 milligrams, based on clinical guidelines in Norway. These individual cut-off values gave TC/HDLc and ATH-index cut-off values of 6.7 and 4.1, respectively. Assuming a more correct discrimination between persons at low- and high-risk, using compound lipid indices, both the number of persons given unnecessary advice on lifestyle changes or urged to take TC reducing medication, and the number of persons not treated on the basis of normal TC levels, would be reduced. Percentages of persons classified as TC-level-low risk, were adjusted using empirical data on sensitivity and specificity of the compound indices. Among employees with TC < 6.0mmol/l, 15% and 23% of women, and 12% and 19% of men would be classified as high-risk persons using the TC/HDLc-ratio or the ATH-index, respectively. Lack of prospective data on compound indices suggests cautious interpretation. TC values in spurious testing, as often applied in occupational health service without due regard to other lipid fractions, would increase the probability of unnecessarily treating persons not at CV risk and withholding people at probable CV risk from treatment. Although prospective studies are needed to confirm findings, the changes observed suggest avoiding measurements of some single lipid factors.
[Effects of anti-atherosclerosis diet containing omega 3 fatty acids on the lipid spectrum of blood and cell membranes in patients with ischemic heart disease and essential hypertension].; A total of 27 patients received an anti-atherosclerotic diet containing fatty fish Greenland halibut, 100 g/day. Significant reduction of the total cholesterol level, cholesterol levels of very low and low density proteins, triglycerides, atherogenic index, elevation of blood fibrinolytic activity in the presence of lowered levels of arachidonic acid and an increased relative content of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were recorded in membranes of red blood cells and platelets. The results of the investigations conducted have shown that even rather low doses of omega 3 PUFA introduced in the presence of the hypolipidemic diet are conductive to the alimentary correction of the blood serum lipid spectrum of the fatty-acid content in cellular membrane structural lipids.
[Changes in the indices of lipid metabolism in patients with ischemic heart disease occupied in natural gas fields].; The influence of adaptation to periodic pressure-chamber hypoxia produced on the condition of the lipid spectrum of blood serum before and after adaptation as well as in 3, 6 and 10 months after hypoxic training was studied in 46 patients with ischemic heart disease working at a enterprise specializing in winning and processing the hydrogen-sulfide-containing gas-condensate. The adaptation therapy was found to result in a reliable reduction of the total cholesterol level, of the level of cholesterol of lipoproteins of the low and extra low densities and of triglycerides; it also contributed to the increase of cholesterol of lipoproteins of the high density in blood serum, which, in the end, ensures a reduced atherogenic coefficient. The positive-for-organism changes in the lipid spectrum of blood serum hold on in patients with coronary heart disease for as long as 6 months after the adaptation therapy. The nature and degree of blood lipids' changes depend on an initial level of the atherogenic index; they were maximally pronounced in persons with the index exceeding 3, and virtually absent in IHD patients with the atherogenicity coefficient being below the mentioned figure.
Screening for cardiovascular risk: cost-benefit considerations in a comparison of total cholesterol measurements and two compound blood lipid indices.; BACKGROUND: Serum total cholesterol measurements have been shown to differentiate between patients with angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease and controls less well than compound indices of cardiovascular risk. Details of employees (n = 229) nominated by an occupational health service in a non-manufacturing firm were used as a starting point for calculations to compare the costs and benefits of using compound indices of cardiovascular risk with those of total cholesterol measurements alone. METHODS: Healthy employees were defined as having a low or a high risk of cardiovascular disease according to either total cholesterol level or two compound indices of blood lipid components. The compound indices were the ratio of total to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (the TC: HDLC ratio) and an 'atherogenic index' defined as ([total cholesterol-HDL cholesterol] x [apolipoprotein B])/([HDL cholesterol] x [apolipoprotein A]). If compound indices discriminate better between people at low and high risk, both the number of people given unnecessary advice on lifestyle changes or urged to take cholesterol-reducing medication and the number of people not treated because of their 'normal' cholesterol levels would be reduced. In our calculations, we assumed as 'gains' that (1) the disclosure that a total cholesterol test result is false-positive is equal to treatment costs, consultation fee and consumption foregone (i.e. resources already used on medication, services etc.) (8909 Nkr [US $1 = 7 Nkr]), and (2) the disclosure that a test result is false-negative is equal to consultation fee plus loss of 2 h wages (288 Nkr). RESULTS: The screening of 100,000 men and 100,000 women would incur a cost of 99 and 710 Nkr, respectively, per person assumed to benefit from extended screening using two different compound indices. Net gain would be 438 and 192 million Nkr, respectively, for the two compound indices. However, the lack of prospective data on compound indices suggests the need for cautious interpretation. CONCLUSION: Although prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings, the changes in number of false-positive and false-negative values achievable using different indices suggests a need for greater caution when using single lipid measurements as predictors of risk. The calculations of this non-prospective study indicated an increased benefit-cost ratio in assessing cardiovascular risk by using compound indices of cardiovascular risk compared with total cholesterol measurements alone.
[Prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis: how effective is transdermal hormone substitution? (Continuous estradiol plus sequential oral norethisterone acetate)].; QUESTION: Can osteoporosis and cardiovascular risk be effectively and simultaneously prevented with transdermal estradiol replacement therapy (in combination with norethisterone acetate 1 mg per day, oral, cyclically for 12 days monthly)? METHODS: A selected, representative group of healthy women with an average age of 52 years, with confirmed natural menopause for 1 to 4 years, randomly allocated to a treatment-group with hormone replacement (n = 42) and a control-group (n = 70), with homogeneous main parameters in the two groups, can be compared, without distortion of the findings, during the period of the two-year intervention study: the purely trabecular bone mass in the distal radius was specifically measured, prospectively, with the highly accurate, three-dimensional, peripheral quantitative computed tomography (thin-und multi-layer technology; Densiscan 1000) and the serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein levels were measured (at the end of the gestagen cycle) in the morning fasting state. RESULTS: One-third of the persons of the control-group showed an annual loss of trabecular bone mass of more than 3.5%. These fast-losers, who on the basis of the annual bone-destruction rates are to be classified in the upper tertiles of the two groups, suffered a loss of trabecular bone of 4.2 +/- 0.4% (mean +/- SEM) in the treatment-group, compared with 7.3 +/- 1.0% in the control-group in the first year; in the second year no loss of trabecular bone was observed in the treatment-group, while in the control-group the high rate of trabecular-bone destruction continued unchanged. The slow-losers (belonging to the middle and lower tertiles according to the bone loss rates) showed equally little change in their trabecular bone mass after the menopause, which can be described as physiological, with mean yearly values between -1.1 and +0.4%, both in the treatment-group and in the control-group. Under the transdermal hormone replacement therapy only the triglyceride and total cholesterol levels fell in comparison with the control-group, but without any significant changes in the atherogenic index, either in regard to the LDL/HDL or apolipoproteins B/A-I ratios. CONCLUSIONS: To be able to make valid statements it is necessary to study the effectiveness of a measure or of a preparation for the prevention of osteoporosis in fast-losers, who are to be randomized to the respective study-groups and whose status has been confirmed by tests. Transdermal hormone replacement therapy--low estradiol dose in combination with NETA--stops the pathologically increased loss of trabecular bone only in the second year of the treatment; the antiatherogenic effect, however, is not confirmed. Only an individually adjusted therapy based on test results, with follow-up controls, can constitute an efficient, ethically justifiable postmenopausal prophylaxis of both osteoporosis and coronary heart disease.
[Lipid balance and cardiovascular risk in patients in a psychiatric long-term facility].; Increase in weight and changes in lipid and glucose metabolism often occur in severe mental illness. It is established that this may hinge on the mental illness as such, and on lifestyle, resident living in institutions and on medication. We performed an explorative study of these factors in a general psychiatric long-term facility. MATERIAL: 30 resident patients gave fasting blood samples that were analysed for lipid and glucose variables. Body mass index, blood pressure and smoking habits were noted, as was medication history of neuroleptics. Patients were asked about family risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes. RESULTS: Body mass index was > 25 in 80% and > 30 in 40% of patients. Four patients had diabetes. Total cholesterol was > 6 mmol/l in 10 patients. The ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol was > 5 in 60%. An atherogenic index containing apolipoprotein measurements was above cut-off in 11 patients. The patients had experience with the use of a mean of 4.1 (SD = 2.1) different neuroleptics. 9 out of 12 patients who had used clozapin and/or olanzapin had a body mass index > 30. 25 patients smoked a mean of 17 cigarettes a day. INTERPRETATION: Most of our patients carry a high risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes. Even if this risk may partly be due to the mental illness itself, risk is also attributable to a combination of an unhealthy life style, medication and smoking. It is of utmost importance that health professionals, leisure time therapists and catering personnel do their best in order to reduce organisationally induced risk, as these patients cannot be expected to respond adequately to advice.
[Risk of cardiovascular complications in patients with type II diabetes mellitus in relation to serum triacylglycerols].; BACKGROUND: The importance of serum triacylglycerols (TG) as a risk factor of cardiovascular complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients has been emphasized in recent studies. OBJECTIVES: In the study of our group of NIDDM patients with and without coronary artery disease (CAD), it has been expedient to follow: 1. the difference in their serum TG, VLDL lipoprotein, total, HDL and LDL cholesterol levels, 2. dependence of other parameters on TG, 3. to answer the question as to what extent the lowering of TG in NIDDM patients is expected to be decreasing the risk of CAD. METHODS: The investigated groups included the total of 39 NIDDM out-patients; 20 with manifest signs of CAD. The lipoproteins were measured using the BIO-LACHEMAR kits. MAIN RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: In CAD group, the serum TG and VLDL were significantly increased, HDL cholesterol being lower (p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p < 0.02, respectively). The TG-to-HDL cholesterol, TG-to-total cholesterol ratios and atherogenic index (= total cholesterol-to-HDL cholesterol ratio) were in the CAD group also significantly higher (p < 0.02, p < 0.02 and p < 0.002, respectively). Furthermore, the serum TG was positively correlated with the atherogenic index and LDL (p < 0.001 and p < 0.05; r = 0.603 and r = 0.397, respectively). The logarithm of TG was a strong positive correlate of the total cholesterol (p < 0.001; r = 0.584). On the other hand, the serum TG was negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol (p < 0.005; r = -0.466). When logarithm of TG was taken, the statistical significance of all these correlations was even higher. The serum TG levels were significantly higher in patients with CAD. (Tab. 2, Fig. 7, Ref. 10.)
Platelet aggregation and lipid profile in offsprings of young ischemics.; OBJECTIVE: To study the platelet aggregation and lipid profile in offsprings of young ischemic parents. DESIGN: Cross sectional. SETTING: Hospital based. METHODS: 40 adults under 45 years of age with proven CHD and their 50 offsprings comprised the study group. In the control group, 40 age matched adults with normal maximal treadmill test and their 50 off springs were included. All were screened for lipid profile and platelet aggregation. RESULTS: Platelet aggregation was significantly elevated in adults with CHD (44.0 +/- 15.5%) compared to controls (32.22 +/- 9.1%). Children of CHD adults also had significantly elevated aggregation (34.9 +/- 12.5%) compared to control offsprings (27.8 +/- 9.9%). Adult CHD subjects had significantly elevated serum cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) and atherogenic index compared to control adults. The children in both groups had similar lipid profiles. CONCLUSION: Platelet aggregation is enhanced in offsprings of young ischemics. The potential of this index as a marker for early development of CHD needs to be explored.
[Cardiovascular risk factors in patients surviving a myocardial infarction].; We studied the risk factors of coronary disease in 52 patients (46 male and 6 female) survivors of myocardial infarction (MI). We found that a group of patients under 40 years old had predominant lipid alteration (100%) being hypercholesterolemia (CT greater than or equal to 260 mg/dl), the decrease of HDL-C levels (less than or equal to 35 mg/dl) and the increase of the atherogenic index (CT/HDL-C greater than or equal to 6) being the most frequent. At the same time, we observed an important association between several risk factors, such as tobacco consumption (58.5%), sedentary life (56.1%), lipid alterations (hypercholesterolemia: 46.3%, decrease of HDL-C: 41.4%, increase of atherogenic index: 60.9%) in the group of patients under 40 years old. These data show that the alterations of lipid metabolism are risk factors frequently observed in young patients with ischemic cardiac disease.
Effects of smoking on lipid parameters during therapeutic weight loss.; Evaluation of the obesity- and smoking-related atherogenic risk in an obese population, was studied by retrospectively reporting the 6-month dietary effect on metabolic lipoprotein parameters. In a non-smoker group, a weight reduction programme exhibits a marked improvement (P less than 0.05) of HDL and LDL cholesterol and atherogenic index. Smoking during successful, therapeutic weight reduction inhibits this advantageous improvement of lipid parameters, especially in women. In regard to the lipoprotein related vascular risk, obesity treatment without modifying smoking habits is less advantageous.
[The anti-lipidemic effect of Minipress].; Prazosin (Minipress) monotherapy was given to 152 patients with essential hypertension for one year in a multi-center study involving 13 hospitals and university clinics. In three centers serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were also determined in 32 patients with hypertension and hyper/dys-lipoproteinemia. As a consequence of Minipress monotherapy significant decreases were found in serum level of cholesterol (after three months and also after one year), triglycerides (after one year), while the serum concentration of HDL-cholesterol increased. Atherogenic index (a ratio of total cholesterol over HDL-cholesterol) was significantly decreased by Minipress. As new data showing a causative correlation between hypertension and hyperlipoproteinemia were published in the literature authors, on the basis of their results, suggest to determine lipid profile in every patient with hypertension. They regard Minipress as the first line drug in young patients with "familial dyslipidemic hypertension". When choosing an antihypertensive drug metabolic side effects should be taken into consideration.
[Electrocardiographic data on ischemic heart disease in hyperlipoproteinemia patients].; The electrocardiograms (ECG) were studied according to Minnesota Code: 103 patients with hyperlipoproteinemia (HLP)--49 with type IIA--49, IIB--37 and type IV--17. A high incidence was established of the patients with positive--17.48 per cent and probable--22.34 per cent ECG data on IHD. Type IIB is most frequent among the patients with IHD, followed by HLP type IIA and IV. The average age of the patients with positive IHD data was 42.2 and of the probable--49.9 years. Total cholesterol and atherogenic index is significantly higher in the patients with a past history of myocardial infarction as compared with those with probable ECG data on IHD.
[Influence polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 on coagulation and fibrinolysis systems in patients with NIDDM].; 35 patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 complicated with hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease, were treated for 8 months with poseidonol which incorporates essential polyunsaturated fatty acids and fat-soluble vitamins. Poseidonol reduced atherogenic index from 4.2 to 3.15. The study of blood coagulation and fibrinolysis points to signs of hypocoagulation and normalization of fibrinolytic activity against previous hypercoagulation and fibrinolysis depression.
[Use of biologically active supplement containing omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].; 35 patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 complicated with hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease were treated during 8 months with poseidonol--polyunsaturated fatty acid family omega 3 (PUFA--omega 3). It was shown that hypercoagulation and hypofibrinolysis in these patients occurred. Treatment with poceidonol increased plasminogen activator activity and decreased coagulation and reduced atherogenic index.
