Viral hepatitis and pregnancy.; The management of viral hepatitis in the setting of pregnancy requires special consideration. There are five liver-specific viruses (hepatitis A, B, C, D, E), each with unique epidemiology, tendency to chronicity, risk of liver complications and response to antiviral therapies. In the setting of pregnancy, the liver health of the mother, the influence of pregnancy on the clinical course of the viral infection and the effect of the virus or liver disease on the developing infant must be considered. Although all hepatitis viruses can harm the mother and the child, the greatest risk to maternal health and subsequently the fetus is seen with acute hepatitis A virus or hepatitis E virus infection during pregnancy. By contrast, the primary risks for hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV) and hepatitis D virus are related to the severity of the underlying liver disease in the mother and the risk of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) for HBV and HCV. The prevention of MTCT is key to reducing the global burden of chronic viral hepatitis, and prevention strategies must take into consideration local health-care and socioeconomic challenges. This Review presents the epidemiology of acute and chronic viral hepatitis infection in pregnancy, the effect of pregnancy on the course of viral infection and, conversely, the influence of the viral infection on maternal and infant outcomes, including MTCT.
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. RECENT FINDINGS: There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring's adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - a narrative review.; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS): Long-term metabolic consequences.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women during their reproductive ages, associated with a plethora of cardiometabolic consequences, with obesity, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenemia playing a major role in the degree of such manifestations. These consequences include increased risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus (both type 2 and gestational), atherogenic dyslipidemia, systemic inflammation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension and coagulation disorders. Whether this cluster of metabolic abnormalities is also translated in increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity and mortality in later life, remains to be established. Data so far based on markers of subclinical atherosclerosis as well as retrospective and prospective cohort studies indicate a possible increased CVD risk, mainly for coronary heart disease. Future studies are needed to further elucidate this issue.
Liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among Chinese pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Liver plays an important role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. We aimed to examine the associations of liver enzymes and hepatic steatosis index (HSI, a reliable biomarker for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in early pregnancy with subsequent GDM risk, as well as the potential mediation effects of lipid metabolites on the association between HSI and GDM. METHODS: In a birth cohort, liver enzymes were measured in early pregnancy (6-15 gestational weeks, mean 10) among 6,860 Chinese women. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the association between liver biomarkers and risk of GDM. Pearson partial correlation and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression were conducted to identify lipid metabolites that were significantly associated with HSI in a subset of 948 women. Mediation analyses were performed to estimate the mediating roles of lipid metabolites on the association of HSI with GDM. RESULTS: Liver enzymes and HSI were associated with higher risks of GDM after adjustment for potential confounders, with ORs ranging from 1.42 to 2.24 for extreme-quartile comparisons (false discovery rate-adjusted P-trend ≤0.005). On the natural log scale, each SD increment of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, alkaline phosphatase, and HSI was associated with a 1.15-fold (95% CI: 1.05, 1.26), 1.10-fold (1.01, 1.20), 1.21-fold (1.10, 1.32), 1.15-fold (1.04, 1.27), and 1.33-fold (1.18, 1.51) increased risk of GDM, respectively. Pearson partial correlation and LASSO regression identified 15 specific lipid metabolites in relation to HSI. Up to 52.6% of the association between HSI and GDM risk was attributed to the indirect effect of the HSI-related lipid score composed of lipid metabolites predominantly from phospholipids (e.g., lysophosphatidylcholine and ceramides) and triacylglycerol. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated liver enzymes and HSI in early pregnancy, even within a normal range, were associated with higher risks of GDM among Chinese pregnant women. The association of HSI with GDM was largely mediated by altered lipid metabolism.
Metabolic-Associated Fatty Liver Disease: A Disastrous Human Health Challenge.; The pathobiology of MAFLD is such a big puzzle, and many of the metabolic and other health consequences of the disease are not yet fully elucidated. In their review on "Pathobiology of metabolic-associated fatty liver disease," Fouda and colleagues update the current evidence on the disease characteristics. The prevalence of MAFLD has reached epidemic proportions in children and young adults in the recent years, with figures reaching as high as 15% owing to the global obesity pandemic. Vespoli and colleagues in their review "MAFLD in childhood and adolescence" portray the latest updates and new emerging therapies for pediatric MAFLD. Gofton and colleagues update the association between metabolically unhealthy visceral adiposity and MAFLD in individuals with "normal body weight" in their review "Lean MAFLD." The pathobiological link between dyslipidemia and MAFLD is elaborated by Anwar and colleagues with the therapeutic algorithms. Ren and colleagues summarize evidence surrounding cardiovascular disease and MAFLD and analyze management strategies focusing on prevention of cardiovascular disease in MAFLD. Another important review by Kapoor and Kalra discusses the hot topic of diabetes and MAFLD and portrays the latest management strategies for both diseases. Barber and colleagues thoroughly review the gut-liver axis in the context of gut dysbiosis in MAFLD. Sarcopenia and MAFLD is the theme of the review by Bali and colleagues. This article emphasizes the importance of early identification of sarcopenia in patients with MAFLD and vice versa. Obstructive sleep apnea and MAFLD are often underdiagnosed and inadequately managed. Preshy and Brown in their review highlight the association between these common disorders to enhance the global awareness with updated evaluation and management strategies in their review. Mandato and colleagues review current literature on pregnancy and MAFLD and update the best clinical approach in their article. The interlink between polycystic ovary syndrome and MAFLD, their coexistence, diagnosis, and current management strategies are critically apprised by Vidal-Cevallos and colleagues in their review. Venkatesan and Haroon successively provide more important evidence for the clinical management of MAFLD with additional focus on minority groups and currently available therapies.
NAFLD at the Interface of the Mother-Infant Dyad.; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non- Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers' health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
Diagnosis and management of secondary causes of steatohepatitis.; The term non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was originally coined to describe hepatic fat deposition as part of the metabolic syndrome. However, a variety of rare hereditary liver and metabolic diseases, intestinal diseases, endocrine disorders and drugs may underlie, mimic, or aggravate NAFLD. In contrast to primary NAFLD, therapeutic interventions are available for many secondary causes of NAFLD. Accordingly, secondary causes of fatty liver disease should be considered during the diagnostic workup of patients with fatty liver disease, and treatment of the underlying disease should be started to halt disease progression. Common genetic variants in several genes involved in lipid handling and metabolism modulate the risk of progression from steatosis to fibrosis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma development in NAFLD, alcohol-related liver disease and viral hepatitis. Hence, we speculate that genotyping of common risk variants for liver disease progression may be equally useful to gauge the likelihood of developing advanced liver disease in patients with secondary fatty liver disease.
Mechanisms of intrahepatic triglyceride accumulation.; Hepatic steatosis defined as lipid accumulation in hepatocytes is very frequently found in adults and obese adolescents in the Western World. Etiologically, obesity and associated insulin resistance or excess alcohol intake are the most frequent causes of hepatic steatosis. However, steatosis also often occurs with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and is also found in rare but potentially life-threatening liver diseases of pregnancy. Clinical significance and outcome of hepatic triglyceride accumulation are highly dependent on etiology and histological pattern of steatosis. This review summarizes current concepts of pathophysiology of common causes of hepatic steatosis, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), alcoholic fatty liver disease, chronic HCV infections, drug-induced forms of hepatic steatosis, and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Regarding the pathophysiology of NAFLD, this work focuses on the close correlation between insulin resistance and hepatic triglyceride accumulation, highlighting the potential harmful effects of systemic insulin resistance on hepatic metabolism of fatty acids on the one side and the role of lipid intermediates on insulin signalling on the other side. Current studies on lipid droplet morphogenesis have identified novel candidate proteins and enzymes in NAFLD.
Liver-specific overexpression of HKDC1 increases hepatocyte size and proliferative capacity.; A primary role of the liver is to regulate whole body glucose homeostasis. Glucokinase (GCK) is the main hexokinase (HK) expressed in hepatocytes and functions to phosphorylate the glucose that enters via GLUT transporters to become glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), which subsequently commits glucose to enter downstream anabolic and catabolic pathways. In the recent years, hexokinase domain-containing-1 (HKDC1), a novel 5th HK, has been characterized by our group and others. Its expression profile varies but has been identified to have low basal expression in normal liver but increases during states of stress including pregnancy, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and liver cancer. Here, we have developed a stable overexpression model of hepatic HKDC1 in mice to examine its effect on metabolic regulation. We found that HKDC1 overexpression, over time, causes impaired glucose homeostasis in male mice and shifts glucose metabolism towards anabolic pathways with an increase in nucleotide synthesis. Furthermore, we observed these mice to have larger liver sizes due to greater hepatocyte proliferative potential and cell size, which in part, is mediated via yes-associated protein (YAP) signaling.
TMED family genes and their roles in human diseases.; The members of the transmembrane emp24 domain-containing protein (TMED) family are summarized in human as four subfamilies, α (TMED 4, 9), β (TMED 2), γ (TMED1, 3, 5, 6, 7) and δ (TMED 10), with a total of nine members, which are important regulators of intracellular protein transport and are involved in normal embryonic development, as well as in the pathogenic processes of many human diseases. Here we systematically review the composition, structure and function of TMED family members, and describe the progress of TMED family in human diseases, including malignancies (head and neck tumors, lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer, endometrial cancer, gastrointestinal tumors, urological tumors, osteosarcomas, etc.), immune responses, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, dilated cardiomyopathy, mucin 1 nephropathy (MKD), and desiccation syndrome (SS). Finally, we discuss and prospect the potential of TMED for disease prognosis prediction and therapeutic targeting, with a view to laying the foundation for therapeutic research based on TMED family causative genes.
Hepatic Elimination of Drugs in Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The liver is the major metabolic clearance organ for chemical agents from the human body. Pregnancy is associated with several physiological changes that may affect one or more of these factors, and also induces changes in the hepatic clearance of certain drugs. The aim of this paper was to review some of the currently available information in the field to provide some insights about the relevance of these changes on the clearance of some drugs. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was carried out to identify eligible studies from MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE and SCIELO databases through 1970 first semester. RESULTS: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a frequent disease commonly associated with other entities as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, prothrombotic conditions, changes in intestinal microbiome. These entities, together with the glycemic fluctuations associated with GDM might affect the determinants of the hepatic clearance (hepatic blood flow, the unbound fraction of drugs, and the hepatic intrinsic clearance). GDM is frequently associated with multi-drug treatments. While many of these drugs are cleared by the liver, little is known about the clinical relevance of these GDM associated pharmacokinetic changes. CONCLUSION: Considering the frequency of the disease and the effects that these pharmacokinetic changes might have on the mother and child, the need for further research seems advisable. In the meantime, cautious clinical judgment in the management of drug administration in women affected by this disease is recommended.
Developmental Origins of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Its prevalence is currently increasing not only in developed obese countries but also in developing countries. Recent findings from human cohorts and animal studies suggest that a nutritional imbalance in the early critical period is causatively associated with the incidence of NAFLD in later life. Based on the current theory of the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD), undernourishment and overnourishment in utero are both hypothesized to prime the predisposition for hepatic fat storage. Current knowledge on the developmental origins of NAFLD is introduced in this chapter.
Metabolic Syndrome: Sex-Related Cardiovascular Risk and Therapeutic Approach.; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: the most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. METHODS: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. RESULTS: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. CONCLUSION: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes. RECENT FINDINGS: It is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards. SUMMARY: The long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Resistin role in development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes is estimated to be one of the major causes of deaths in most countries due to its high prevalence rate, which was 8.8% in 2015. Hyperglycemia detected during pregnancy is known as gestational diabetes mellitus and it increases the potential risk of development of Type 2 diabetes in mothers with its varying prevalence rate of 1-14% in different populations. It also leads to the higher risk of developing abnormal glucose tolerance and obesity in their child at an early age. Recent studies show that potential mediators of insulin resistance such as adipokines - adiponectin, leptin and resistin are important for glucose and lipid metabolism. Adipokines are directly involved in the regulation of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity in the liver, muscle and adipose tissue. It is also involved in inflammation, adipose tissue accumulation, adverse fat distribution and subsequently affects glucose metabolism. This review highlights the role of resistin (an adipokine) in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Non-coding RNAs: The link between maternal malnutrition and offspring metabolism.; Early life nutrition is associated with the development and metabolism in later life, which is known as the Developmental Origin of Health and Diseases (DOHaD). Epigenetics have been proposed as an important explanation for this link between early life malnutrition and long-term diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) may play a role in this epigenetic programming. The expression of ncRNAs (such as long non-coding RNA H19, microRNA-122, and circular RNA-SETD2) was significantly altered in specific tissues of offspring exposed to maternal malnutrition. Changes in these downstream targets of ncRNAs lead to abnormal development and metabolism. This review aims to summarize the existing knowledge on ncRNAs linking the maternal nutrition condition and offspring metabolic diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Adipose tissue-derived FABP4 mediates glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production in gestational diabetes.; AIMS: One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which may result in significant health threats of the mother, fetus and the newborn. Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) is an adipokine that regulates glucose homeostasis by promoting glucose production and liver insulin resistance in mouse models. FABP4 levels are increased in GDM and correlates with maternal indices of insulin resistance, with a rapid decline post-partum. We therefore aimed to determine the tissue origin of elevated circulating FABP4 levels in GDM and to assess its potential contribution in promoting glucagon-induced hepatic glucose production. MATERIALS AND METHODS: FABP4 protein and gene expression was determined in biopsies from placenta, subcutaneous (sWAT) and visceral (vWAT) white adipose tissues from GDM and normoglycaemic pregnant women. FABP4 differential contribution in glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production was tested in conditioned media before and after its immune clearance. RESULTS: We showed that FABP4 is expressed in placenta, sWAT and vWAT of pregnant women at term, with a significant increase in its secretion from vWAT of women with GDM compared with normoglycaemic pregnant women. Neutralizing FABP4 from both normoglycaemic pregnant women and GDM vWAT secretome, resulted in a decrease in glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides new insights into the role of adipose tissue-derived FABP4 in GDM, highlighting this adipokine, as a potential co-activator of glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production during pregnancy.
The Current and Potential Therapeutic Use of Metformin-The Good Old Drug.; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Triglyceride metabolism in pregnancy.; During pregnancy, complex changes occur in lipid profiles. From the 12th week of gestation, phospholipids, cholesterol (total, LDL, HDL), and triglycerides (TG) increase in response to estrogen stimulation and insulin resistance. Transition to a catabolic state favors maternal tissue lipid use as energy sources, thus sparing glucose and amino acids for the fetus. In addition, maternal lipids, that is, cholesterol, are available for fetal use in building cell membranes and as precursor of bile acids and steroid hormones. It is also required for cell proliferation and development of the growing body. Free-fatty acids (FFA), oxidized in the maternal liver as ketone-bodies, represent an alternative fuel for the fetus. Maternal hypertriglyceridemia (vs. other lipids) has many positive effects such as contributing to fetal growth and development and serving as an energy depot for maternal dietary fatty acids. However, increased TG during pregnancy appears to increase risk of preeclampsia and preterm birth. Some have suggested that maternal hypertriglyceridemia has a role in increasing cardiovascular risk later in life. This chapter reviews lipid metabolism during pregnancy to elucidate its effect on fetal growth and its potential role in pregnancy-associated complications and future cardiovascular risk.
Novel Insights in the Metabolic Syndrome in Childhood and Adolescence.; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is recognized as an escalating major health risk in adults as well as in children and adolescents. Its prevalence ranges from 6 to 39% depending on the applied definition criteria. To date, there is no consensus on a MetS definition for children and adolescents. However, most authors agree on essential components such as glucose intolerance, central obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia; each representing a risk for cardiovascular disease. Recently, associations between MetS and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hyperuricemia, and sleep disturbances have emerged. Biomarkers like adipocytokines are a subject of current research as they are implicated in the pathogenesis of the MetS. Epigenetics and gestational programming, especially the role of microRNA, comprise a novel, rapidly developing and promising research focus on the topic of MetS. MicroRNAs are increasingly valued for potential roles in the diagnosis, stratification, and therapeutics of MetS. Early detection of risk factors, screening for metabolic disturbances, and the identification of new therapies are major aims to reduce morbidity and mortality related to MetS. Dietary modification and physical activity are currently the only adopted treatment approaches. Pharmacological therapies and bariatric surgery are still contradictory and, therefore, are only recommended in selected high-risk cases.
Fatty liver in pregnancy: a narrative review of two distinct conditions.; Introduction: Fatty liver is rather common in pregnancy, occurring in two totally different conditions, i.e. nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy and acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). The former is a common condition, resulting by chance association because of the epidemics of obesity and the older age of many pregnant women in Western countries; the latter is a rare disease whose pathophysiology is still incompletely understood.Areas covered: We reviewed the evidence-based knowledge on fatty liver in/of pregnancy. For NAFLD, a few large retrospective and prospective studies identify immediate and late risks for both the mother and the fetus. For AFLP, only small retrospective studies are available, indicating that prompt delivery and eventual referral to Liver Units for liver support or transplantation are mandatory to avoid maternal and fetal death.Expert opinion: The number of pregnant women with fatty liver is expected to increase in the next years. Pharmacologic treatment of NAFLD might be postponed, even when new drugs are approved by health authorities for the general population. In the case of AFLP, we need to improve our ability to correctly identify and treat the most severe cases not resolving with delivery.
Adipokines: A Rainbow of Proteins with Metabolic and Endocrine Functions.; Obesity represents one of the most important health problems worldwide with increasing morbidity and mortality. Widespread prevalence of this disease justifies its actual definition of a "global epidemic". Adipose tissue is nowadays considered a complex organ with lots of endocrine and metabolic functions. In addition to fulfilling its task for energy storage and thermal regulation, by virtue of its constituent white and brown cells, adipose tissue represents, considering its size, the biggest endocrine gland in the body. Both adipocytes and surrounding resident cells (macrophages, endothelial cells and others) produce a huge number of molecules, or adipokines, with endocrine or paracrine functions, that regulate various aspects of metabolism whose clinical relevance is emerging. By balancing pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects, the adipokines control insulin sensitivity and related glucose metabolism changes, lipid accumulation in the liver and other organs, and finally gonadal function. Collectively, literature data remains cloudy because of still conflicting results of pre-clinical and clinical studies. The aim of this review was to summarize scientific evidence about adipokines' effects on human metabolism, by focusing on their role on either Metabolic Syndrome and NAFLD, or insulin-resistance in pregnancy, or finally, reproductive function disorders.
Hexokinase domain-containing protein-1 in metabolic diseases and beyond.; Glucose phosphorylation by hexokinases (HKs) traps glucose in cells and facilitates its usage in metabolic processes dependent on cellular needs. HK domain-containing protein-1 (HKDC1) is a recently discovered protein with wide expression containing HK activity, first noted through a genome-wide association study (GWAS) to be linked with gestational glucose homeostasis during pregnancy. Since then, HKDC1 has been observed to be expressed in many human tissues. Moreover, studies have shown that HKDC1 plays a role in glucose homeostasis by which it may affect the progression of many pathophysiological conditions such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and cancer. Here, we review the key studies contributing to our current understanding of the roles of HKDC1 in human pathophysiological conditions and potential therapeutic interventions.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Obese pregnant women may transmit their metabolic phenotype to offspring, leading to a cycle of obesity and diabetes over generations. Early childhood obesity predicts nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic human liver disease. The fetus may be vulnerable to steatosis because immature fetal adipose depots are not available to buffer the excess transplacental lipid delivery in maternal obesity. In animal models, in utero high-fat diet exposure results in an increase in the accumulation of liver triglycerides in offspring and increased hepatic oxidative stress and apoptosis, perhaps priming the liver for later development of NAFLD. Innate immune dysfunction and necroinflammatory changes have been observed in postnatal offspring liver of animals born to high-fat-fed dams. Postweaning, livers of offspring exposed to maternal high-fat feeding in utero share pathophysiologic features with human NAFLD, including increased de novo lipogenesis and decreased free fatty acid oxidation. Human studies using magnetic resonance imaging have shown that maternal BMI predicts infant intrahepatocellular lipid storage, as seen in animal models. The generational transfer of NAFLD may occur via epigenetic changes in offspring liver. Transmission of microbiota from mother to infant may impact energy retention and immune function that contribute to a predisposition to NAFLD.
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms associated with diabetes mellitus: A descriptive review.; Diabetes is currently a growing concern of the age. Prevention and treatment of diabetes is a global health priority. Adiponectin is an adipocyte derived protein hormone that enhances insulin sensitivity and ameliorates diabetes by enhancing fatty acid oxidation and glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and reducing glucose production in the liver. Low serum adiponectin concentrations are associated with diabetes, central obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Adiponectin gene is located on chromosome 3q27, where a locus of susceptibility to diabetes was mapped. Several cross-sectional studies showed that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) were associated with diabetes. SNPs in ADIPOQ help in assessing the association of common variants with levels of adiponectin and the risk of diabetes. Two common SNPs, rs2241766 and rs1501299, have been linked significantly to type 1 diabetes mellitus which endow the world with a block of haplotypes. Experimental evidences also suggest that rs1501299, rs2241766, rs266729, rs17366743, rs17300539, rs182052, rs822396, rs17846866, rs3774261 and rs822393 are significantly associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus which is the predominant form of the disease. In addition, rs2241766 and rs266729 are extensively associated with gestational diabetes, a condition that develops in women during pregnancy. Therefore not a particular single mutation but a number of SNPs in adiponectin gene could be a risk factor for developing diabetes among the individuals worldwide. This study firmly suggests that adiponectin plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus.
The association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder characterized by an abnormal vascular response to placentation associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. As liver involvement is one of the main clinical features of preeclampsia, we sought to determine if there is an association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. METHODS: A retrospective matched case-control analysis was conducted in a tertiary medical center. Three hundred eleven (311) pregnant women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson disease, and cirrhosis, were match for age, parity, and number of fetuses to 933 healthy pregnant women (control group). The primary outcome measure was the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcome measures were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Confounders found to be significant on univariate analysis were evaluated using logistic regression models, and odds ratios (OR) and confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. RESULTS: Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 28 women (9.0%) in the study group and 33 women (3.54%) in the control group (p < 0.001). On multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, chronic liver disease was found to be an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (aOR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518-4.561). Although there was no difference in the gestational week at delivery between the groups (38.6 ± 2.13 vs. 38.8 ± 2.17 for study and control group, respectively, p = 0.410), the study group had a lower mean neonatal birthweight (3088 ± 551 vs. 3182 ± 566 g, p = 0.011). There were no between-group differences in the other parameters evaluated. CONCLUSION: In our study, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk of preeclampsia.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multisystemic disorder usually seen in females who are in their reproductive age (15-49 years of age). PCOS exhibits insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia, which make it a pre-diabetic state. The syndrome has many overt changes, like dyslipidemia and hypertension, which increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. There is also an increased risk of development of hepatic steatosis. Resistance to insulin, increased amount of insulin, and dysfunction of beta-cells are frequent in PCOS, although they are not the only cause for diagnosis. Type 2 diabetes and glucose resistance may result from total or compared insulin insufficiency, which can happen if the beta cells' compensatory response slows down. Pregnancy challenges such as miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, more excellent rates of cesarean birth, and abnormalities in fetal development may be more common in women with PCOS. In studies investigating the glucose-insulin system compared to control groups with similar age and weight, glycemic intolerance, which includes both decreased glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes, was more common in PCOS women. In the short-term therapy of insulin resistance in PCOS, the potential use of insulin-sensitizing medications has recently been studied. Controlled studies have demonstrated that metformin treatment can lower fasting and stimulate plasma insulin levels by encouraging body weight reduction. These findings provide insulin-sensitizing drugs as a unique method in treating ovarian hyperandrogenism and irregular ovulation in PCOS and indicate a new prescription for Metformin. They further assert that long-term metformin treatment may assist in addressing insulin resistance, reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular-related disease in people who take it.
Early-life exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus predisposes offspring to pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the prevailing chronic liver disease in the pediatric population due to the global obesity pandemic. Evidence shows that prenatal and postnatal exposure to maternal abnormalities leads to a higher risk of pediatric NAFLD through persistent alterations in developmental programming. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a hyperglycemic syndrome which has become the most prevalent complication in pregnant women. An increasing number of both epidemiologic investigations and animal model studies have validated adverse and long-term outcomes in offspring following GDM exposure in utero. Similarly, GDM is considered a crucial risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. This review aimed to summarize currently published studies concerning the inductive roles of GDM in offspring NAFLD development during childhood and adolescence. Dysregulations in hepatic lipid metabolism and gut microbiota in offspring, as well as dysfunctions in the placenta are potential factors in the pathogenesis of GDM-associated pediatric NAFLD. In addition, potentially effective interventions for GDM-associated offspring NAFLD are also discussed in this review. However, most of these therapeutic approaches still require further clinical research for validation.
Developmental origins of NAFLD: a womb with a clue.; Changes in the maternal environment leading to an altered intrauterine milieu can result in subtle insults to the fetus, promoting increased lifetime disease risk and/or disease acceleration in childhood and later in life. Particularly worrisome is that the prevalence of NAFLD is rapidly increasing among children and adults, and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages, pointing towards an early-life origin. A wealth of evidence, in humans and non-human primates, suggests that maternal nutrition affects the placenta and fetal tissues, leading to persistent changes in hepatic metabolism, mitochondrial function, the intestinal microbiota, liver macrophage activation and susceptibility to NASH postnatally. Deleterious exposures in utero include fetal hypoxia, increased nutrient supply, inflammation and altered gut microbiota that might produce metabolic clues, including fatty acids, metabolites, endotoxins, bile acids and cytokines, which prime the infant liver for NAFLD in a persistent manner and increase susceptibility to NASH. Mechanistic links to early disease pathways might involve shifts in lipid metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, pioneering gut microorganisms, macrophage programming and epigenetic changes that alter the liver microenvironment, favouring liver injury. In this Review, we discuss how maternal, fetal, neonatal and infant exposures provide developmental clues and mechanisms to help explain NAFLD acceleration and increased disease prevalence. Mechanisms identified in clinical and preclinical models suggest important opportunities for prevention and intervention that could slow down the growing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation.
Nutritional, pharmacological, and environmental programming of NAFLD in early life.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main liver disease worldwide, and its prevalence in children and adolescents has been increasing in the past years. It has been demonstrated that parental exposure to different conditions, both preconceptionally and during pregnancy, can lead to fetal programming of several metabolic diseases, including NAFLD. In this article, we review some of the maternal and paternal conditions that may be involved in early-life programing of adult NAFLD. First, we describe the maternal nutritional factors that have been suggested to increase the risk of NAFLD in the offspring, such as an obesogenic diet, overweight/obesity, and altered lipogenesis. Second, we review the association of certain vitamin supplementation and the use of some drugs during pregnancy, for instance, glucocorticoids, with a higher risk of NAFLD. Furthermore, we discuss the evidence showing that maternal-fetal pathologies, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), insulin resistance (IR), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), as well as the exposure to environmental contaminants, and the impact of microbiome changes, are important factors in early-life programming of NAFLD. Finally, we review how paternal preconceptional conditions, such as exercise and diet (particularly obesogenic diets), may impact fetal growth and liver function. Altogether, the presented evidence supports the hypothesis that both in utero exposure and parental conditions may influence fetal outcomes, including the development of NAFLD in early life and adulthood. The study of these conditions is crucial to better understand the diverse mechanisms involved in NAFLD, as well as for defining new preventive strategies for this disease.
The Origins of NAFLD: The Potential Implication of Intrauterine Life and Early Postnatal Period.; Fetal life and the first few months after birth represent a plastic age, defined as a "window of opportunity", as the organism is particularly susceptible to environmental pressures and has to adapt to environmental conditions. Several perturbations in pregnancy, such as excessive weight gain, obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus and an inadequate or high-fat diet, have been associated with long-term metabolic consequences in offspring, even without affecting birth weight. Moreover, great interest has also been focused on the relationship between the gut microbiome of early infants and health status in later life. Consistently, in various epidemiological studies, a condition of dysbiosis has been associated with an increased inflammatory response and metabolic alterations in the host, with important consequences on the intestinal and systemic health of the unborn child. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the origins of NAFLD, with particular attention to the potential implications of intrauterine life and the early postnatal period. Due to the well-known association between gut microbiota and the risk of NAFLD, a specific focus will be devoted to factors affecting early microbiota formation/composition.
Impact of placental mTOR deficiency on peripheral insulin signaling in adult mice offspring.; Suboptimal in utero environments such as poor maternal nutrition and gestational diabetes can impact fetal birth weight and the metabolic health trajectory of the adult offspring. Fetal growth is associated with alterations in placental mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling; it is reduced in fetal growth restriction and increased in fetal overgrowth. We previously reported that when metabolically challenged by a high-fat diet, placental mTORKO (mTORKOpl) adult female offspring develop obesity and insulin resistance, whereas placental TSC2KO (TSC2KOpl) female offspring are protected from diet-induced obesity and maintain proper glucose homeostasis. In the present study, we sought to investigate whether reducing or increasing placental mTOR signaling in utero alters the programming of adult offspring metabolic tissues preceding a metabolic challenge. Adult male and female mTORKOpl, TSC2KOpl, and respective controls on a normal chow diet were subjected to an acute intraperitoneal insulin injection. Upon insulin stimulation, insulin signaling via phosphorylation of Akt and nutrient sensing via phosphorylation of mTOR target ribosomal S6 were evaluated in the offspring liver, white adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle. Among tested tissues, we observed significant changes only in the liver signaling. In the male mTORKOpl adult offspring liver, insulin-stimulated phospho-Akt was enhanced compared to littermate controls. Basal phospho-S6 level was increased in the mTORKOpl female offspring liver compared to littermate controls and did not increase further in response to insulin. RNA sequencing of offspring liver identified placental mTORC1 programming-mediated differentially expressed genes. The expression of major urinary protein 1 (Mup1) was differentially altered in female mTORKOpl and TSC2KOpl offspring livers and we show that MUP1 level is dependent on overnutrition and fasting status. In summary, deletion of placental mTOR nutrient sensing in utero programs hepatic response to insulin action in a sexually dimorphic manner. Additionally, we highlight a possible role for hepatic and circulating MUP1 in glucose homeostasis that warrants further investigation.
Obstetric Outcomes in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases in the Western world and yet there is little research into its impact on pregnancy. METHODS: A literature review was conducted in the database PubMed, with articles published between 1990 and 2017. The selected studies addressed features specifically attributed to NAFLD and associated obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Nine studies met criteria. Our aim was to consolidate the limited literature and identify trends. RESULTS: There was considerable heterogeneity in the diagnostic approach to NAFLD. Data are conflicting as to whether NAFLD increases the risk of gestational diabetes independent of obesity. NAFLD is associated with an elevated risk of extremes of birth weight, both small and large for gestational age. Several studies found a greater impact of NAFLD on maternal morbidity including preeclampsia in women with a body mass index <30kg/m(2). CONCLUSIONS: NAFLD appears to be associated with increased obstetric morbidity, particularly among non-obese women. More research is needed to clarify the pathophysiology and optimize safe treatment.
Maternal and Perinatal Risk Factors for Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common pediatric liver disease. The intrauterine and early life environment can have an important impact on long-term metabolic health. We investigated the impact of maternal prepregnancy obesity, (pre)gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and birth anthropometrics/preterm birth on the development of NAFLD in children and adolescents. METHODS: A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, EMBASE, and grey literature databases through August 2020. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pediatric NAFLD, whereas the histologic severity of steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis were secondary outcomes. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were performed by 2 independent reviewers. RESULTS: Our systematic review included 33 articles. Study heterogeneity regarding patient populations, diagnostic tools, and overall quality was considerable. Eight studies determined the impact of maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity and identified this as a possible modifiable risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. Conversely, 8 studies investigated (pre)gestational diabetes, yet the evidence on its impact is conflicting. Breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk for NAFLD, steatohepatitis, and fibrosis, especially in studies that evaluated longer periods of breastfeeding. Being born preterm or small for gestational age has an unclear impact on the development of NAFLD, although an early catch-up growth might drive NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review, we found that maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of pediatric NAFLD. Breastfeeding might be protective against the development of NAFLD when the duration of breastfeeding is sufficiently long (≥6 months).
Outcomes of pregnancy in autoimmune hepatitis: A population-based study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) disproportionately affects young women, which may have implications in pregnancy. However, data on pregnancy outcomes in women with AIH are limited. APPROACH AND RESULTS: Using weighted discharge data from the United States National Inpatient Sample from 2012 to 2016, we evaluated pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation and compared outcomes in AIH to other chronic liver diseases (CLD) or no CLD in pregnancy. The association of AIH with maternal and perinatal outcomes was assessed by logistic regression. Among 18,595,345 pregnancies, 935 (<0.001%) had AIH (60 with cirrhosis) and 120,100 (0.006%) had other CLD (845 with cirrhosis). Temporal trends in pregnancies with AIH remained stable from 2008 to 2016 with 1.4-6.8/100,000 pregnancies per year (p = 0.25). On adjusted analysis, the odds of gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets) were significantly higher in AIH compared to other CLD (GDM: OR 2.2, 95% CI: 1.5-3.9, p < 0.001; hypertensive complications: OR: 1.8, 95% CI: 1.0-3.2, p = 0.05) and also compared to no CLD in pregnancy (GDM: OR: 2.4, 95% CI: 1.6-3.6, p < 0.001; hypertensive complications: OR: 2.4, 95% CI: 1.3-4.1, p = 0.003). AIH was also associated with preterm births when compared with women without CLD (OR: 2.0, 95% CI: 1.2-3.5, p = 0.01). AIH was not associated with postpartum hemorrhage, maternal, or perinatal death. CONCLUSIONS: Rates of pregnancy in women with AIH have remained stable in recent years, although AIH is associated with notable maternal and perinatal risks, such as GDM, hypertensive complications, and preterm birth. Whether these risks are influenced by steroid use and/or AIH disease activity warrants evaluation. These data support a low risk of postpartum hemorrhage and favorable survival of mothers and infants.
Early life programming and the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and can be considered the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. NAFLD represents a spectrum of disease, from the relatively benign simple steatosis to the more serious non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, which can progress to liver cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma and end-stage liver failure, necessitating liver transplantation. Although the increasing prevalence of NAFLD in developed countries has substantial implications for public health, many of the precise mechanisms accounting for the development and progression of NAFLD are unclear. The environment in early life is an important determinant of cardiovascular disease risk in later life and studies suggest this also extends to NAFLD. Here we review data from animal models and human studies which suggest that fetal and early life exposure to maternal under- and overnutrition, excess glucocorticoids and environmental pollutants may confer an increased susceptibility to NAFLD development and progression in offspring and that such effects may be sex-specific. We also consider studies aimed at identifying potential dietary and pharmacological interventions aimed at reducing this risk. We suggest that further human epidemiological studies are needed to ensure that data from animal models are relevant to human health.
The early origins of obesity and insulin resistance: timing, programming and mechanisms.; Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus and it also results in an increased risk of giving birth to a large baby with increased fat mass. Furthermore, it is also contributes to an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring in childhood, adolescence and adult life. It has been proposed that exposure to maternal obesity may therefore result in an 'intergenerational cycle' of obesity and insulin resistance. There is significant interest in whether exposure to maternal obesity around the time of conception alone contributes directly to poor metabolic outcomes in the offspring and whether dieting in the obese mother before pregnancy or around the time of conception has metabolic benefits for the offspring. This review focusses on experimental and clinical studies that have investigated the specific impact of exposure to maternal obesity during the periconceptional period alone or extending beyond conception on adipogenesis, lipogenesis and on insulin signalling pathways in the fat, liver and muscle of the offspring. Findings from these studies highlight the need for a better evidence base for the development of dietary interventions in obese women before pregnancy and around the time of conception to maximize the metabolic benefits and minimize the metabolic costs for the next generation.
The Association of Childbirth with Medical Debt in the USA, 2019-2020.; BACKGROUND: Medical debt affects one in five adults in the USA and may disproportionately burden postpartum women due to pregnancy-related medical costs. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between childbirth and medical debt, and the correlates of medical debt among postpartum women, in the USA. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. PARTICIPANTS: We analyzed female "sample adults" 18-49 years old in the 2019-2020 National Health Interview Survey, a nationally representative household survey. MAIN MEASURES: Our primary exposure was whether the subject gave birth in the past year. We had two family-level debt outcomes: problems paying medical bills and inability to pay medical bills. We examined the association between live birth and medical debt outcomes, unadjusted and adjusted for potential confounders in multivariable logistic regressions. Among postpartum women, we also examined the association between medical debt with maternal asthma, hypertension, and gestational diabetes and several sociodemographic factors. KEY RESULTS: Our sample included n = 12,163 women, n = 645 with a live birth in the past year. Postpartum women were younger, more likely to have Medicaid, and lived in larger families than those not postpartum. 19.8% of postpartum women faced difficulty with medical bills versus 15.1% who were not; in multivariable regression, postpartum women had 48% higher adjusted odds of medical debt problems (95% CI 1.13, 1.92). Results were similar when examining inability to pay medical bills, and similar differences were seen for privately insured women. Among postpartum women, those with lower incomes and with asthma or gestational diabetes, but not hypertension, had significantly higher adjusted odds of medical debt problems. CONCLUSIONS: Postpartum women experience higher levels of medical debt than other women; poorer women and those with common chronic diseases may have an even higher burden. Policies to expand and improve health coverage for this population are needed to improve maternal health and the welfare of young families.
Hepatitis B - chronic carrier status and pregnancy outcomes: An obstetric perspective.; Antenatal screening for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) only identifies women with hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection for neonatal immunoprophylaxis. It does not reflect the phase of chronic infection, viral genotype and activity, hepatic inflammation, or other co-existing liver disorders. Coinfection with other viruses and micro-organisms may also be present. These factors in various combinations can impact pregnancy outcomes, and they are probably responsible for the conflicting literature on this issue. Pregnancy complications may interact with maternal HBV infection and hepatitis flares, leading to serious and lethal complications. Hepatitis flares are common especially postpartum, and they are unpredictable and unpreventable with antiviral treatment. Evidence on the association between HBsAg seropositivity with gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, increased foetal growth, and reduced pregnancy hypertensive disorders is stronger than other adverse pregnancy outcomes. Baseline assessment of liver function, and viral markers and activity, can delineate the truly high-risk pregnancies for close monitoring.
Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease and Subsequent Development of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Recently, metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. METHODS: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into 3 groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 1744 pregnant women, including 1523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% CI, 1.68-9.67), whereas the risk was not significantly different between no NAFLD and non-MD NAFLD. Among women with no NAFLD, the presence of MD increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, women with MAFLD were at higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes than women with no NAFLD without MD or those with no NAFLD with MD. CONCLUSIONS: In pregnant women, MAFLD may be associated with an increased risk of subsequent adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Implications of abnormal liver function in pregnancy and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Elevated liver enzyme levels can sometimes be encountered in asymptomatic pregnant women. Similar to non-pregnant subjects, women with elevated gamma glutamyltransferase or alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy have increased risk of subsequent complications, especially gestational diabetes mellitus. In non-pregnant subjects, the commonest cause of abnormal liver function currently is non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Risk factors include obesity, diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome. It can progress to hepatocellular carcinoma through the development of steatohepatitis, and has become the leading cause for liver transplantation in women. Found in as many as 16-18% of pregnant women, it is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications and abnormal foetal growth, which predisposes the offspring to the same problem subsequently. This condition probably explains the majority of the cases of "idiopathic" abnormal liver function in pregnancy, and should be looked out for in high-risk women owing to its implications on their long-term health outcome.
The effect of hepatitis B virus on the risk of pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.; BACKGROUND: The effect of HBV on neonatal and maternal outcomes can create a basis for more accurate clinical decision-making. So, the aim of this meta-analysis is to detrmine the effect of chronic hepatitis B virus on the risk of pregnancy outcomes by combining cohort studies. METHODS: International databases in this meta-analysis included the Cumulated Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), SPORT Discuss via the EBSCO interface, PubMed (Medline), Scopus, Web of Science, Embase, which were searched up to April 2023. All cohort studies reporting the risk ratio (RR) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were included in the study. The quality assessment was done based on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS). RESULTS: Finally, thirty-five cohort studies were selected for meta-analysis. Outcomes of interest included pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, abortion, preterm birth, infant death, and other related outcomes. Results showed that the pooled RR for incident gestational diabetes in pregnant women with choronic hepatitis B infection was 1.16 (RR: 1.16; 95% CI 1.13-1.18; I-square: 92.89%; P value: 0.00). Similarly, the association between the presence of hepatitis B infection in pregnant women and the occurrence of pre-eclampsia was 1.10 (RR: 1.10; 95% CI 1.04-1.16; I-square: 92.06%; P value: 0.00). The risk of preterm delivery in pregnant women with hepatitis B infection was 1.17 times that of pregnant women without hepatitis B infection (RR: 1.17; 95% CI 1.14-1.20; I-squared: 94.32%; P value: 0.00). CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis found that hepatitis B infection during pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, pre-eclampsia, and eclampsia. However, confirmation of this association, as well as the specific biological pathways involved in the association between HBV infection and pregnancy outcomes, requires further investigation.
Determinants of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in young people: Maternal, neonatal, and adolescent factors.; AIM: To assess the impact of maternal, neonatal, and adolescent factors on the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a cohort of 14- to 19-year-old adolescents. METHODS: This study is part of the Early Vascular Ageing in the YOUth study, a single-center cross-sectional study conducted in western Austria. Maternal and neonatal factors were extracted from the mother-child booklet, adolescent factors were evaluated by a face-to-face interview, physical examination, and fasting blood analyses. Liver fat content was assessed by controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) using signals acquired by FibroScan® (Echosense, Paris, France). The association of maternal, neonatal, and adolescent factors with CAP values was analyzed using linear regression models. RESULTS: In total, 595 adolescents (27.2% male) aged 17.0 ± 1.3 years were included. 4.9% (n = 29) showed manifest NAFLD with CAP values above the 90th percentile. Male sex (p < 0.001), adolescent triglyceride levels (p = 0.021), Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance index and BMI z-score (p < 0.001, each) showed a significant association with liver fat content in the multivariable analysis. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with CAP values after adjustment for sex, age, and birth weight for gestational age (p < 0.001), but this association was predominantly mediated by adolescent BMI (indirect effect b = 1.18, 95% CI [0.69, 1.77]). CONCLUSION: Components of the metabolic syndrome were the most important predictors of adolescent liver fat content. Therefore, prevention of NAFLD should focus on lifestyle modification in childhood and adolescence.
Maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic disease and impacts renal health in offspring.; Obesity, together with insulin resistance, promotes multiple metabolic abnormalities and is strongly associated with an increased risk of chronic disease including type 2 diabetes (T2D), hypertension, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). The incidence of obesity continues to rise in astronomical proportions throughout the world and affects all the different stages of the lifespan. Importantly, the proportion of women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese is increasing at an alarming rate and has potential ramifications for offspring health and disease risk. Evidence suggests a strong link between the intrauterine environment and disease programming. The current review will describe the importance of the intrauterine environment in the development of metabolic disease, including kidney disease. It will detail the known mechanisms of fetal programming, including the role of epigenetic modulation. The evidence for the role of maternal obesity in the developmental programming of CKD is derived mostly from our rodent models which will be described. The clinical implication of such findings will also be discussed.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and gestational diabetes mellitus: a bidirectional two-sample mendelian randomization study.; PURPOSE: Previous observational studies have revealed a potential link between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but their causal relationship remains unclear. Thus, this study aimed to examine whether a causal link exists between genetically determined NAFLD and GDM. METHODS: Utilizing publicly accessible genome-wide association studies (GWAS), a two-sample bidirectional Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was conducted. The GWASs data pertaining to NAFLD and GDM were obtained from the UK Biobank Consortium and FinnGen database in primary analysis, respectively. The random-effects inverse variance weighted (IVW) method was utilized as primary analysis method. Several sensitivity analyses were utilized to verify the robustness of the results. Additionally, we also analyzed the causal effect of potential shared influencing factors on these two conditions. RESULTS: The result of the IVW method showed that there was no significant causal relationship between genetically determined NAFLD and GDM (OR = 0.98, 95% CI: 0.90-1.07, P = 0.691). Similarly, our reverse MR analysis failed to detect a significant causal effect of GDM on NAFLD (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 0.97-1.36, P = 0.118). Sensitivity analyses further confirmed the robustness of the results. Moreover, we found that genetically determined body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, triglycerides, and television viewing time may be positively correlated with NAFLD and GDM, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I may both be negatively correlated with NAFLD and GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The current bidirectional MR study failed to provide sufficient genetic evidence for the causal relationship between NAFLD and GDM.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations and Liver Fat Among School-Age Children.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes seems to be associated with offspring NAFLD. We hypothesized that maternal glucose concentrations across the full range may have persistent effects on offspring liver fat accumulation. APPROACH AND RESULTS: In a multiethnic, population-based, prospective cohort study among 2,168 women and their offspring, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were measured at a median of 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% CI, 9.6-17.2). Liver fat fraction was measured at 10 years by MRI. NAFLD was defined as liver fat fraction ≥5.0%. We performed analyses among all mothers with different ethnic backgrounds and those of European ancestry only. The multiethnic group had a median maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration of 4.3 mmol/L (interquartile range, 3.9-4.9) and a 2.8% (n = 60) prevalence of NAFLD. The models adjusted for child age and sex only showed that in the multiethnic group, higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with higher liver fat accumulation and higher odds of NAFLD, but these associations attenuated into nonsignificance after adjustment for potential confounders. Among mothers of European ancestry only, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with increased odds of NAFLD (OR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.32; 2.88, after adjustment for confounders) per 1-mmol/L increase in maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration. These associations were not explained by maternal prepregnancy and childhood body mass index, visceral fat, and metabolic markers. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were only among mothers of European ancestry associated with offspring NAFLD. The associations of higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations with offspring NAFLD may differ between ethnic groups.
Early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children.; BACKGROUND: Research is beginning to implicate early life characteristics in the development of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, however the relationship with perinatal characteristics is poorly understood. AIMS: We evaluated the association between perinatal characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. STUDY DESIGN: Nested case-control study. SUBJECTS: 5104 children born in Quebec, Canada between 2006 and 2019. Exposures included maternal diabetes, obesity, prematurity, and other birth complications. OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcome was nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed in hospital before 14 years of age. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between birth characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. RESULTS: A total of 104 children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were included. Gestational diabetes (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.15-4.10), preexisting diabetes (OR 5.75, 95% CI 2.67-12.4), and maternal obesity (OR 3.06, 95% CI 1.71-5.45) were associated with childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Prematurity (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.06-3.54) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.10-4.33) were also associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. However, there was no association with low birthweight, small-for-gestational age birth, and macrosomia. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal metabolic disorders and prematurity may initiate processes early in life that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood.
Lipid metabolism during pregnancy and its implications for fetal growth.; More glucose crosses the placenta than any other substrate, but correlations between its concentration in maternal plasma and fetal growth are not found consistently. The accumulation of maternal fat depots and hyperlipidemia are the two principal changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy. Although lipids cross the placenta with difficulty, maternal plasma triacylglycerols (TAG) and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) correlate with fetal lipids, fetal growth and fat mass under certain conditions. In intrauterine growth restriction, impaired placental transfer of lipophilic compounds (long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipophilic vitamins) seems to underpin metabolic dysfunction and decreased birth weight. In gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), maternal TAG and NEFA levels correlate with neonatal anthropometric measures. In GDM, adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein in fetuses correlated with neonatal fat mass; changes in maternal or cord blood leptin, retinol binding protein 4 and adiponectin concentrations have been related to neonatal fat mass or birth weight, although their importance remains to be investigated. The angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL-4) is secreted from adipose tissue, liver and placenta, and irreversibly inhibits lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity. Maternal plasma ANGPTL-4 is decreased in GDM, and it has been proposed to be responsible for an increase in placental LPL activity, which would facilitate a greater fatty acid placental transfer, contributing to the higher fetal fat accumulation. Thus, while evidence suggesting major involvement of maternal lipid metabolism in fetal adiposity and growth exists, the precise mechanisms remain to be elucidated.
The effect of bariatric surgeries on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; A review of published data addressing hepatic histopathological, metabolical, and functional changes following gastric banding, sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass surgery, and biliopancreatic with duodenal switch surgeries on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is currently the most common chronic liver disease. Owing to the strong relationship between obesity and NAFLD, the idea of weight reduction as a method to treat NAFLD has rapidly emerged. Bariatric surgery has proved to be the most efficient method for weight reduction; hence, their beneficial effects on NAFLD have been evaluated by several studies. A literature review of published data was performed during the years 2012-2014 using PubMed with the following key words: Bariatric, NAFLD, steatosis, sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass, gastric banding, biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch, obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). Exclusion criteria were non-English articles and inherited NAFLD, pregnancy-induced NAFLD, and children. The majority of published data are in favor of indicating that bariatric surgeries improve the histologic and metabolic changes associated with NAFLD. The suggested mechanisms are: The reversal of IR, reduction of inflammatory markers, and improved histological features of NAFLD. Accordingly, bariatric surgeries are potentially one of the future methods in treating patients with morbid obesity and NAFLD. However, some questions remain unanswered, such as whether timing of surgery, type of surgery most effective, and whether bariatric surgeries are capable of curing the disease. Long-term and well-designed prospective studies are needed to address these issues.
A Pathophysiology of Type 2 Diabetes Unrelated to Metabolic Syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Clinically, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is heterogeneous, but the prevailing pathophysiologic hypothesis nevertheless contends that components of metabolic syndrome are central to all cases of T2DM. Here, we re-evaluated this hypothesis. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 138 women from the monocenter, post gestational diabetes study PPSDiab, 73 of which had incident prediabetes or T2DM. Additionally, we examined all the 412 incident cases of T2DM in phases 3 to 9 of the Whitehall II study in comparison to healthy controls. Our analysis included a medical history, anthropometrics, oral glucose tolerance testing, and laboratory chemistry in both studies. Additional analyses from the PPSDiab Study consisted of cardiopulmonary exercise testing, magnetic resonance imaging, auto-antibody testing, and the exclusion of glucokinase maturity-onset diabetes of the young. RESULTS: We found that 33 (45%) of the women with prediabetes or T2DM in the PPSDiab study displayed no components of metabolic syndrome. They reached no point for metabolic syndrome in the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III score other than hyperglycemia and, moreover, had levels of liver fat content, plasma triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, c-reactive protein, and blood pressure that were comparable to healthy controls. In the Whitehall II study, 62 (15%) of the incident T2DM cases fulfilled the same criteria. In both studies, these cases without metabolic syndrome revealed insulin resistance and inadequately low insulin secretion. CONCLUSIONS: Our results contradict the hypothesis that components of metabolic syndrome are central to all cases of T2DM. Instead, they suggest the common occurrence of a second, unrelated pathophysiology.
[Non-alcoholic hepatic steatosis].; Non-alcoholic steatosis of the liver is a common condition. It usually consists of triglyceride drop deposits in macro- or microvacuoles of the hepatocytes and may result from various disturbances of lipid metabolism, notably accumulation of fatty acids in the liver and decrease in the secretion or synthesis of lipoproteins. The causes of steatosis are numerous. It is important to distinguish between severe steatosis (acute steatosis of pregnancy, toxic steatosis, Reye's syndrome), where most of the deposits are in microvacuoles, and incidental or moderate steatosis of nutritional or hormonal origin, or developed during idiopathic enterocolitis or various liver diseases. Treatment, sometimes intensive, essentially depends upon the cause of steatosis.
Associations between Circulating SELENOP Level and Disorders of Glucose and Lipid Metabolism: A Meta-Analysis.; Selenoprotein P (SELENOP) is an extracellular antioxidant, selenium transporter, and hepatokine interfering with glucose and lipid metabolism. To study the association between the circulating SELENOP concentration and glucose and lipid metabolic diseases (GLMDs), including gestational diabetes (GD), metabolic syndrome (MetS), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes, as well as the individual markers, a meta-analysis was conducted by searching multiple databases from their establishment through March 2022 and including 27 articles published between October 2010 and May 2021, involving 4033 participants. Participants with GLMDs had higher levels of SELENOP than those without GLMDs (standardized mean difference = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.16 to 1.51), and the SELENOP levels were positively correlated with the markers of GLMDs (pooled effect size = 0.09, 95% CI: 0.02 to 0.15). Subgroup analyses showed that the SELENOP concentrations were higher in women with GD and lower in individuals with MetS than their counterparts, respectively. Moreover, SELENOP was positively correlated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but not with the other markers of GLMDs. Thus, the heterogenicity derived from diseases or disease markers should be carefully considered while interpreting the overall positive association between SELENOP and GLMDs. Studies with a larger sample size and advanced design are warranted to confirm these findings.
Mitochondrial role in the neonatal predisposition to developing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a global epidemic in obese children and adults, and the onset might have fetal origins. A growing body of evidence supports the role of developmental programming, whereby the maternal environment affects fetal and infant development, altering the risk profile for disease later in life. Human and nonhuman primate studies of maternal obesity demonstrate that risk factors for pediatric obesity and NAFLD begin in utero. The pathologic mechanisms for NAFLD are multifactorial but have centered on altered mitochondrial function/dysfunction that might precede insulin resistance. Compared with the adult liver, the fetal liver has fewer mitochondria, low activity of the fatty acid metabolic enzyme carnitine palmitoyl-CoA transferase-1, and little or no gluconeogenesis. Exposure to excess maternal fuels during fetal life uniquely alters hepatic fatty acid oxidation, tricarboxylic acid cycle activity, de novo lipogenesis, and mitochondrial health. These events promote increased oxidative stress and excess triglyceride storage, and, together with altered immune function and epigenetic changes, they prime the fetal liver for NAFLD and might drive the risk for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in the next generation.
Perinatal exposure to maternal obesity: Lasting cardiometabolic impact on offspring.; Evidence from epidemiological, clinical, and animal model studies clearly demonstrates that prenatal and lactational maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption are associated with cardiometabolic morbidity in offspring. Fetal and offspring sex may be an important effect modifier. Adverse offspring cardiometabolic outcomes observed in the setting of maternal obesity include an increased risk for obesity, features of metabolic syndrome (hypertension, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, increased adiposity), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. This review article synthesizes human and animal data linking maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption in pregnancy and lactation to adverse cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring. We review key mechanisms underlying skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, pancreatic, liver, and central brain reward programming in obesity-exposed offspring, and how such malprogramming contributes to offspring cardiometabolic morbidity.
N-acetyl-L-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnant disorder that needs careful medical attention. N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC) is a well-recognized antioxidant to treat oxidative stress-induced diseases. Although its role in GDM has been reported, the mechanism remains largely unknown. Therefore, our current study further explored its protective role against GDM. An 8-week-old, db/+, female mice were injected with a single dose of 100 mg/kg streptozotocin (STZ) to induce diabetes. Pregnant mice were randomly treated with 1200 mg/kg NAC or water daily. On gestational day 19, oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and visceral fat tissue and blood samples were collected. After delivery, litter size and weight were recorded. NAC could effectively improve GDM-induced glucose intolerance, hyperlipidemia, activated inflammation, and oxidative stress in GDM mice. Moreover, NAC reduced the litter size and weight of GDM mice. NAC also activated the nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)/heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) signaling pathway in the liver of GDM mice. NAC effectively ameliorated GDM symptoms and the reproductive outcome of GDM mice through inhibiting oxidative stress, inflammation, and hyperlipidemia. Therefore, NAC might serve as a potential candidate drug against GDM.
Metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes: Adiposity variables and adipocytokines in offspring at age of 9 years.; AIMS: To compare body composition, visceral adiposity, adipocytokines, and low-grade inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring of mothers who were treated with metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: 172 offspring of 311 mothers randomized to receive metformin (n = 82) or insulin (n = 90) for GDMwere studied at 9 years of age (follow-up rate 55%). Measurements included anthropometrics, adipocytokines, markers of the low-grade inflammation, abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic liver spectrometry (MRS), and whole body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: Serum markers of low-grade inflammation, visceral adipose tissue volume, total fat percentage, and liver fat percentage were similar between the study groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was higher in children in the metformin group compared to insulin group (median 10.37 vs 9.50 µg/ml, p = 0.016). This difference between groups was observed in boys only (median 12.13 vs 7.50 µg/ml, p < 0.001). Leptin/adiponectin-ratio was lower in boys in the metformin group than in the insulin group (median 0.30 vs 0.75; p = 0.016). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal metformin treatment for GDM had no effects on adiposity, body composition, liver fat, or inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring compared to maternal insulin treatment but was associated with higher adiponectin concentration and lower leptin/adiponectin-ratio in boys.
Health Benefits of Long-Term Weight-Loss Maintenance.; Obesity is a chronic and complex medical condition associated with a large number of complications affecting most organs and systems through multiple pathways. Strategies for weight management include behavioral, pharmacological, and surgical interventions, all of which can result in a reduction in obesity-related comorbidities and improvements in quality of life. However, subsequent weight regain often reduces the durability of these improvements. The objective of this article is to review evidence supporting the long-term effects of intentional weight loss on morbidity, mortality, quality of life, and health-care cost. Overall, considerable evidence suggests that intentional weight loss is associated with clinically relevant benefits for the majority of obesity-related comorbidities. However, the degree of weight loss that must be achieved and sustained to reap these benefits varies widely between comorbidities.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM.
Bisphenol A: What lies beneath its induced diabetes and the epigenetic modulation?; Nowadays, endocrine disrupting chemical pollution has become one of the major concerns due to the potential role of these chemicals in provoking endocrine disorders especially type 2 diabetes. As a widespread endocrine disrupting chemical, Bisphenol A, with modest estrogenic activity can exert its detrimental effects in the different organs involved in type 2 diabetes such as pancreas, liver, adipocyte and skeletal muscles. Obesity, hepatic steatosis, impaired insulin signaling and pancreatic islet function could be the main results of Bisphenol A exposure. Epigenetic dysregulations can be suggested as an important underlying mechanism for Bisphenol A toxicity in the endocrine system. The most studied genes in this respect, which are responsible for glucose homeostasis include Pdx1, Gck, Igf2, Srebf1 and Srebf2. Aberrant DNA methylation, histone demethylation and deacetylation and impaired miRNAs result in epigenetically dysfunctional genes that finally distract the normal glucose regulation. The present study aimed to summarize the general effects of prenatal and postnatal Bisphenol A exposure on glucose metabolism focusing on animal studies and review the recent investigations on Bisphenol A -induced epigenetic perturbations that affect the normal glucose and lipid homeostasis and lead to type 2 diabetes.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. METHODS: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. RESULTS: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. CONCLUSIONS: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. LAY SUMMARY: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring.
Maternal obesity and metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease in pregnancy: a comprehensive narrative review.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity and metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) during pregnancy constitute significant problems for routine antenatal care, with increasing prevalence globally. Similar to obesity, MAFLD is associated with a higher risk for maternal complications (e.g. pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes) and long-term adverse health outcomes for the offspring. However, MAFLD during pregnancy is often under-recognized, with limited management/treatment options. AREAS COVERED: PubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Scopus were searched based on a search strategy for obesity and/or MAFLD in pregnancy to identify relevant papers up to 2024. This review summarizes the pertinent evidence on the relationship between maternal obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy. Key mechanisms implicated in the underlying pathophysiology linking obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance and dysregulated adipokine secretion) are highlighted. Moreover, a diagnostic approach for MAFLD diagnosis during pregnancy and its complications are presented. Finally, promising relevant areas for future research are covered. EXPERT OPINION: Research progress regarding maternal obesity, MAFLD, and their impact on maternal and fetal/offspring health is expected to improve the relevant diagnostic methods and lead to novel treatments. Thus, routine practice could apply more personalized management strategies, incorporating individualized algorithms with genetic and/or multi-biomarker profiling to guide prevention, early diagnosis, and treatment.
Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications: new challenges and clinical perspectives.; The term metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), with a global prevalence estimated at 38.77%, has gradually replaced the traditional concept of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Compared to the general population, the incidence of MAFLD is notably higher among pregnant women, posing potential risks to both maternal and neonatal health. This review summarizes the latest research on MAFLD, focusing on its association with pregnancy complications. Additionally, it provides a comparative analysis with previous studies on NAFLD, presenting a comprehensive perspective for clinical management. Findings suggest that pregnant women with MAFLD face a higher risk of gestational hypertension and cesarean delivery compared to those with NAFLD, while the risk for gestational diabetes mellitus remains similar between the two conditions. Additionally, MAFLD is associated with an increased likelihood of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants and heightened risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. Current treatment strategies for MAFLD focus on lifestyle modifications, such as dietary adjustments and increased physical activity. However, there is an urgent need for the development of safe and effective pharmacological treatments, particularly tailored toward pregnant women. Future research should delve deeper into the causal relationships between MAFLD and pregnancy complications and explore optimal therapeutic approaches to improve outcomes for mothers and their infants.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. METHODS: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. RESULTS: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82-2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32-1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74-4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48-3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31-4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57-1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88-2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12-1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38-3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22-1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12-1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25-1.85). CONCLUSION: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 19 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Fetal Growth.; Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) has been implicated in glucose homeostasis. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enhances fetal insulin secretion and fetal growth. Girls weigh less and are more insulin resistant than boys at birth. We sought to assess whether FGF19 is associated with GDM and fetal growth and explore potential sex dimorphic associations. This was a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, including 153 pairs of newborns of GDM versus euglycemic mothers matched by infant's sex and gestational age at birth. Cord plasma FGF19, insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I and IGF-II concentrations were measured. Cord plasma FGF19 concentrations were similar in GDM versus euglycemic pregnancies (mean ± SD: 43.5 ± 28.2 versus 44.5 ± 30.2 pg/mL, P=0.38). FGF19 was not correlated with IGF-I or IGF-II. FGF19 concentrations were positively correlated with birth weight (r=0.23, P=0.01) and length (r=0.21, P=0.02) z scores, C-peptide (r=0.27, P=0.002) and proinsulin (r=0.27, P=0.002) concentrations in females. Each SD increment in cord plasma FGF19 was associated with a 0.25 (0.07-0.43) increase in birth weight z score in females. In contrast, FGF19 was not correlated with birth weight or length in males. These sex dimorphic associations remained after adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics. The study is the first to demonstrate that GDM does not matter for cord blood FGF19 concentrations. The female specific positive correlation between FGF19 and birth weight is suggestive of a sex-dimorphic role of FGF19 in fetal growth. The observations call for more studies to validate the novel findings and elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Impact of prenatal arsenic exposure on chronic adult diseases.; Exposure to environmental stressors during susceptible windows of development can result in negative health outcomes later in life, a concept known as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD). There is a growing body of evidence that exposures to metals early in life (in utero and postnatal) increase the risk of developing adult diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and diabetes. Of particular concern is exposure to the metalloid arsenic, a drinking water contaminant and worldwide health concern. Epidemiological studies of areas with high levels of arsenic in the drinking water, such as some regions in Chile and Bangladesh, indicate an association between in utero arsenic exposure and the development of adult diseases. Therefore, the need for experimental models to address the mechanism underlining early onset of adult diseases have emerged including the in utero and whole-life exposure models. This review will highlight the epidemiological events and subsequent novel experimental models implemented to study the impact of early life exposure to arsenic on the development of adult diseases. In addition, current research using these models will be discussed as well as possible underlying mechanism for the early onset of disease. Abbreviations: ALT: alanine aminotransferase; AMI: acute myocardial infarction; AST: aspartate aminotransferase; ATSDR: Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry; CVD: cardiovascular disease; DMA: dimethylarsinate; DOHaD: Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; EPA: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; ER-α: estrogen receptor alpha; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; HOMA-IR: homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance; iAs: inorganic arsenic; LDL: low-density lipoprotein; MetS: metabolic syndrome; MMA: monomethylarsonate; NAFLD: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; PND: postnatal day; ppb: parts per billion; ppm: parts per million; SAM: S-adenosylmethionine; USFDA: United States Food and Drug Administration.
Maternal Weight Management to Prevent the Developmental Programming of MAFLD in Offspring of Obese Mothers.; The global surge of obesity amongst women of reproductive age has raised concerns surrounding the health consequences for their offspring as there is a formidable link between an obesogenic maternal environment and the developmental programming of metabolic dysfunction in the offspring. Specifically, the offspring of mothers with obesity have a three-fold higher risk of developing metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) compared to the offspring of healthy-weight mothers. Given the burgeoning burden of obesity and its comorbidities, it is essential to focus research efforts on methods to alleviate the intergenerational onset of obesity and MAFLD. This review summarizes the current research surrounding the developmental programming of MAFLD in the offspring of mothers with obesity and examines the potential for weight interventions to prevent such metabolic dysfunction in the offspring. It focuses on the benefits of pre-pregnancy interventional strategies, including dietary and exercise intervention, to ameliorate adverse liver health outcomes in the offspring. The utility and translation of these interventions for humans may be difficult for prospective mothers with obesity, thus the use of pre-pregnancy therapeutic weight loss aids, such as glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, is also discussed.
Managing cardiometabolic risk factors across a woman's lifespan: A lipidologist's perspective.; A recent rise in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) mortality in women warrants a heightened focus on the cardiometabolic risk factors that are closely tied to increasing trends in obesity and suboptimal lifestyle. Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are often manifestations of cardiometabolic disease that convey cardiovascular risk requiring recognition foremost, as well as a targeted approach to treatment. Similarly, menopause is a time to reflect on a woman's cardiovascular risk as multiple cardiometabolic changes occur during this time. Contraceptives and menopausal replacement therapy (MRT) should be considered along with a woman's individual thrombotic and cardiovascular risk. Clinicians should be attuned to cardiometabolic risk factors throughout a woman's lifespan and familiar with strategies to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Obesity and hepatic steatosis are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy. Adiponectin is a fat-derived hormone that improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity. Low levels of circulating adiponectin are associated with GDM development. We hypothesised that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, contributing to the development of GDM. METHODS: To determine the role of adiponectin in fatty liver development during pregnancy, we compared pregnant (third week of pregnancy) adiponectin knockout (KO) mice (strain B6;129-Adipoq(tm1Chan)/J) with wild-type mice and assessed several variables of hepatic lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis. The impact of adiponectin supplementation was measured by administering adenovirus-mediated full-length adiponectin at the end of the second week of pregnancy and comparing with green fluorescent protein control. RESULTS: In the third week of pregnancy, fasted pregnant adiponectin KO mice were hyperglycaemic on a low-fat diet (9.2 mmol/l vs 7.7 mmol/l in controls, p<0.05) and were glucose and pyruvate intolerant relative to wild-type mice. Pregnant adiponectin KO mice developed hepatic steatosis and a threefold elevation in hepatic triacylglycerols (p<0.05) relative to wild-type mice. Gestational weight gain and food consumption were similar in KO and wild-type mice. Adenoviral-mediated adiponectin supplementation to pregnant adiponectin KO mice improved glucose tolerance, prevented fasting hyperglycaemia and attenuated fatty liver development. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Adiponectin deficiency increased hepatic lipid accumulation during the period of pregnancy associated with increased fat utilisation. Consequently, adiponectin deficiency contributed to glucose intolerance, dysregulated gluconeogenesis and hyperglycaemia, all of which are characteristic of GDM. Increasing adiponectin in the last week of pregnancy alleviated hepatic steatosis and restored normal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
Gestational and Developmental Contributors of Pediatric MASLD.; Pediatric metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) is common and can be seen as early as in utero. A growing body of literature suggests that gestational and early life exposures modify the risk of MASLD development in children. These include maternal risk factors, such as poor cardiometabolic health (e.g., obesity, gestational diabetes, rapid weight gain during pregnancy, and MASLD), as well as periconceptional dietary exposures, degree of physical activity, intestinal microbiome, and smoking. Paternal factors, such as diet and obesity, also appear to play a role. Beyond gestation, early life dietary exposures, as well as the rate of infant weight gain, may further modify the risk of future MASLD development. The mechanisms linking parental health and environmental exposures to pediatric MASLD are complex and not entirely understood. In conclusion, investigating gestational and developmental contributors to MASLD is critical and may identify future interventional targets for disease prevention.
N1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice.; N1-methylnicotinamide (MNAM), a product of methylation of nicotinamide through nicotinamide N-methyltransferase, displays antidiabetic effects in male rodents. This study aimed to evaluate the ameliorative potential of MNAM on glucose metabolism in a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) model. C57BL/6N mice were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks before pregnancy and throughout gestation to establish the GDM model. Pregnant mice were treated with 0.3% or 1% MNAM during gestation. MNAM supplementation in CHOW diet and HFD both impaired glucose tolerance at gestational day 14.5 without changes in insulin tolerance. However, MNAM supplementation reduced hepatic lipid accumulation as well as mass and inflammation in visceral adipose tissue. MNAM treatment decreased GLUT4 mRNA and protein expression in skeletal muscle, where NAD+ salvage synthesis and antioxidant defenses were dampened. The NAD+/sirtuin system was enhanced in liver, which subsequently boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis. GLUT1 protein was diminished in placenta by MNAM. In addition, weight of placenta, fetus weight, and litter size were not affected by MNAM treatment. The decreased GLUT4 in skeletal muscle, boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis and dampened GLUT1 in placenta jointly contribute to the impairment of glucose tolerance tests by MNAM. Our data provide evidence for the careful usage of MNAM in treatment of GDM.
In Utero One-Carbon Metabolism Interplay and Metabolic Syndrome in Cardiovascular Disease Risk Reduction.; The maternal obesogenic environment plays a role in programing the susceptibility of the fetus to postnatal non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). NAFLD is a multisystem disease that is characterized by hepatic fat accumulation due in part to dysregulated energy metabolism network through epigenetic mechanisms such as DNA methylation. DNA methylation affects fetal programing and disease risk via regulation of gene transcription; it is affected by methyl donor nutrients such as vitamin B(12) , methionine, folic acid, vitamin B(6) , and choline. Although several studies have documented the role of several maternal methyl donor nutrients on obesity-induced NAFLD in offspring, currently, data are lacking on its impact on CVD risk as an endpoint. The aim of this paper is to use current knowledge to construct a postulation for the potential role of a comprehensive gestational methyl donor nutrients supplementary approach on the susceptibility of offspring to developing metabolic-syndrome-related cardiovascular complications.
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: A recent study has demonstrated that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease than those without GDM. In contrary to non-alcoholic fatty liver, the association of GDM with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has still not been well established in the current literature. Therefore, we aim to evaluate the association of a history of GDM and the development of NASH throughout their lives independently of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: A validated research database of more than 360 hospitals was utilized to construct this study. Adult females included were divided into two groups: those with NASH (case) and individuals without NASH (control). Regression analysis was performed to account for potential cofounders. RESULTS: There were 70 632 640 individuals above the age of 18 years screened in the database. In patients with a history of GDM, NASH was most prevalent in middle age people compared with NASH alone, which was more prevalent in people aged 65 years and above. Compared with those without, patients with NASH tend to be Caucasian (odds ratio [OR]: 2.13), obese (OR: 4.83), have a history of GDM (OR: 1.23), diagnosed with hyperlipidemia (OR: 2.59), T2DM (OR: 4.52), metabolic syndrome (OR: 3.07), polycystic ovaries disease (OR: 1.72), and hypothyroidism (OR: 1.59). CONCLUSION: We demonstrated for the first time an increased odd of developing NASH in women who have had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus throughout their lives independently of any other factors that could interfere with the results.
The impact of intrahepatic cholestasis on pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: This study analyzed the pregnancy outcomes of patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) in Hangzhou, China. METHODS: Cases of pregnant women monitored by antepartum testing at Hangzhou Women's Hospital from January 2018 to December 2020 were reviewed. Subjects were classified into two groups according to whether they had ICP: 688 cases of ICP were assigned to an exposure group while 38,556 cases of non-ICP were assigned to a non-exposed group. Univariate analysis was performed on qualitative or quantitative data using the Chi-Squared test or Mann-Whitney U test, and the adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of the two groups of related variables were calculated by multivariate binary logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The incidence rate of ICP was 1.75%. Pregnant women with hepatitis B virus were correlated with ICP. Hepatitis B carriers (aOR = 3.873), preeclampsia (PE, aOR = 3.712), thrombocytopenia (aOR = 1.992), gestational hypertension (GH, aOR = 1.627), hyperlipidemia (aOR = 1.602) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, aOR = 1.265) were all risk factors for ICP. In contrast, Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2) (aOR = 0.446), 25 m(2) < maternal BMI < 29.9 kg/m(2) (aOR = 0.699) and parity ≥ 1 (aOR = 0.722) were protective factors for ICP. Pregnant women in the ICP group had an increased risk of gestation days < 259 days (aOR = 4.574) and cesarean delivery (aOR = 1.930) after ICP, and a decreased risk of longer gestational days (aOR = 0.105), premature rupture of membranes (aOR = 0.384) and fetal macrosomia (aOR = 0.551). CONCLUSIONS: By analyzing a Chinese population with ICP, we identified that pregnant women who are hepatitis B carriers or with PE, thrombocytopenia, GH, hyperlipidemia, and GDM are at higher risk of ICP. Moreover, ICP is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes; in particular, ICP may increase the incidence of shorter gestational days and non-vaginal delivery methods such as cesarean section but reduce the incidence of premature rupture of membranes and fetal macrosomia.
Genome-Wide Placental Gene Methylations in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Fetal Growth and Metabolic Health Biomarkers in Cord Blood.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) "program" an elevated risk of metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Epigenetic alterations are a suspected mechanism. GDM has been associated with placental DNA methylation changes in some epigenome-wide association studies. It remains unclear which genes or pathways are affected, and whether any placental differential gene methylations are correlated to fetal growth or circulating metabolic health biomarkers. In an epigenome-wide association study using the Infinium MethylationEPIC Beadchip, we sought to identify genome-wide placental differentially methylated genes and enriched pathways in GDM, and to assess the correlations with fetal growth and metabolic health biomarkers in cord blood. The study samples were 30 pairs of term placentas in GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies (controls) matched by infant sex and gestational age at delivery in the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Cord blood metabolic health biomarkers included insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I, IGF-II, leptin and adiponectin. Adjusting for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, parity, mode of delivery and placental cell type heterogeneity, 256 differentially methylated positions (DMPs,130 hypermethylated and 126 hypomethylated) were detected between GDM and control groups accounting for multiple tests with false discovery rate <0.05 and beta-value difference >0.05. WSCD2 was identified as a differentially methylated gene in both site- and region-level analyses. We validated 7 hypermethylated (CYP1A2, GFRA1, HDAC4, LIMS2, NAV3, PAX6, UPK1B) and 10 hypomethylated (DPP10, CPLX1, CSMD2, GPR133, NRXN1, PCSK9, PENK, PRDM16, PTPRN2, TNXB) genes reported in previous epigenome-wide association studies. We did not find any enriched pathway accounting for multiple tests. DMPs in 11 genes (CYP2D7P1, PCDHB15, ERG, SIRPB1, DKK2, RAPGEF5, CACNA2D4, PCSK9, TSNARE1, CADM2, KCNAB2) were correlated with birth weight (z score) accounting for multiple tests. There were no significant correlations between placental gene methylations and cord blood biomarkers. In conclusions, GDM was associated with DNA methylation changes in a number of placental genes, but these placental gene methylations were uncorrelated to the observed metabolic health biomarkers (fetal growth factors, leptin and adiponectin) in cord blood. We validated 17 differentially methylated placental genes in GDM, and identified 11 differentially methylated genes relevant to fetal growth.
Maternal Weight Intervention in the Perinatal Period Improves Liver Health in the Offspring of Mothers with Obesity.; Early-life exposure to maternal obesity predisposes offspring to metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This study aimed to determine if peripartum weight loss, either through dietary intervention or pharmacological intervention, improved adverse liver health outcomes in the offspring of mothers with obesity. C57Bl/6 dams were fed a chow diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks. HFD-fed mice either continued HFD, transitioned to a chow diet, or were administered liraglutide for 4 weeks. Pregnancy was induced following a one-week washout of liraglutide during which all animals remained on their respective diets. A proportion of HFD-fed mice transitioned to a chow diet during pregnancy. All offspring were weaned to the HFD. Offspring anthropometric, metabolic, and hepatic outcomes were assessed at postnatal week 12. The offspring of mothers with obesity had phenotypic changes consistent with MAFLD. The offspring of mothers that had weight loss with perinatal dietary intervention had reduced insulin resistance (p < 0.001) and hepatic expression of markers of inflammation (p < 0.001), oxidative stress (p < 0.05), and fibrosis (p < 0.05). A similar phenotype was observed in the offspring of mothers with pre-pregnancy weight loss via liraglutide despite ongoing consumption of the HFD during pregnancy. All methods and timing of maternal weight intervention were effective at ameliorating adverse liver effects in the offspring.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Normal Prepregnant Weight.; CONTEXT: Existing studies focusing on the effects of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) combined with normal prepregnant weight on pregnancy outcomes are limited. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to explore the relationship between maternal NAFLD and adverse pregnancy outcomes in different body mass index (BMI) groups. METHODS: Using an antenatal care and delivery database, we retrospectively analyzed women who delivered in Minhang Hospital affiliated to Fudan University, Shanghai, China from January 1, 2013, to June 30, 2020. NAFLD was confirmed by ultrasound in early pregnancy. A logistic regression model with adjustment for confounders was used to examine potential associations between NAFLD and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 14 708 pregnant women (mean prepregnant BMI 21.0 [SD, 2.8] kg/m2) were included in our final study, of whom 554 (3.8%) had NAFLD. After fully adjusting for potential confounders, NAFLD significantly increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted odds ratio 2.477; 95% CI, 1.885-3.254), gestational hypertension (3.054; 2.191-4.257), preeclampsia/eclampsia (3.994; 2.591-6.005), cesarean section (1.569; 1.315-1.872), preterm births (1.831; 1.229-2.727), and macrosomia (1.691; 1.300-2.198). It is notable that 83.9% (12 338) of women were of normal weight at the start of pregnancy (prepregnant 18.5 ≤ BMI < 24 kg/m2), and they still had higher odds of adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSION: Women with NAFLD and a normal weight have a higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women with NAFLD, regardless of obesity status, should be offered a more qualified surveillance to optimize pregnancy outcomes.
Assessment of Fatty Liver in Models of Disease Programming.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is currently the most common cause of chronic liver disease worldwide and is present in a third of the general population and the majority of individuals with obesity and type 2 diabetes. Importantly, NAFLD can progress to severe nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), associated with liver failure and hepatocellular carcinoma. Recent research efforts have extensively focused on identifying factors contributing to the additional "hit" required to promote NALFD disease progression. The maternal diet, and in particular a high-fat diet (HFD), may be one such hit "priming" the development of severe fatty liver disease, a notion supported by the increasing incidence of NAFLD among children and adolescents in Westernized countries. In recent years, a plethora of key studies have used murine models of maternal obesity to identify fundamental mechanisms such as lipogenesis, mitochondrial function, inflammation, and fibrosis that may underlie the developmental priming of NAFLD. In this chapter, we will address key considerations for constructing experimental models and both conventional and advanced methods of quantifying NAFLD disease status.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) after delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: It is known that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-complicated pregnancies could affect maternal cardiometabolic health after delivery, resulting in hepatic dysfunction and a heightened risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Hence, this study aims to summarise existing literature on the impact of GDM on NAFLD in mothers and investigate the intergenerational impact on NAFLD in offspring. METHODS: Using 4 databases (PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and Scopus) between January 1980 and December 2023, randomized controlled trials and observational studies that assessed the effect of maternal GDM on intergenerational liver outcomes were extracted and analysed using random-effects meta-analysis to investigate the effect of GDM on NAFLD in mothers and offspring. Pooled odds ratio (OR) was calculated using hazards ratio (HR), relative risk (RR), or OR reported from each study, with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI), and statistical heterogeneity was assessed with the Cochran Q-test and I(2) statistic, with two-sided p values. The study protocol was pre-registered on PROSPERO (CRD42023392428). FINDINGS: Twenty studies pertaining to mothers and offspring met the inclusion criteria and 12 papers were included further for meta-analysis on intergenerational NAFLD development. Compared with mothers without a history of GDM, mothers with a history of GDM had a 50% increased risk of developing NAFLD (OR 1.50; 95% CI: 1.21-1.87, over a follow-up period of 16 months-25 years. Similarly, compared with offspring born to non-GDM-complicated pregnancies, offspring born to GDM-complicated pregnancies displayed an approximately two-fold elevated risk of NAFLD development (2.14; 1.57-2.92), over a follow-up period of 1-17.8 years. INTERPRETATION: This systematic review and meta-analysis suggests that both mothers and offspring from GDM-complicated pregnancies exhibit a greater risk to develop NAFLD. These findings underline the importance of early monitoring of liver function and prompt intervention of NAFLD in both generations from GDM-complicated pregnancies. FUNDING: No funding was available for this research.
Presentation and Outcomes of Pregnancy in Patients With Autoimmune Hepatitis.; Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) frequently affects women of childbearing age in whom the desire to have a family raises the question regarding the potential risks for the fetus and the mother. The information on AIH in pregnant patients is scarce.(1) The aims of this study were (1) to identify the risk factors associated with flares in pregnant patients diagnosed with AIH, (2) to determine the course of AIH in patients with pregnancy-related flares, and (3) to describe the outcome of AIH diagnosed in the postpartum period.
Interplay between early-life malnutrition, epigenetic modulation of the immune function and liver diseases.; Early-life nutrition plays a critical role in fetal growth and development. Food intake absence and excess are the two main types of energy malnutrition that predispose to the appearance of diseases in adulthood, according to the hypothesis of 'developmental origins of health and disease'. Epidemiological data have shown an association between early-life malnutrition and the metabolic syndrome in later life. Evidence has also demonstrated that nutrition during this period of life can affect the development of the immune system through epigenetic mechanisms. Thus, epigenetics has an essential role in the complex interplay between environmental factors and genetics. Altogether, this leads to the inflammatory response that is commonly seen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. In conjunction, DNA methylation, covalent modification of histones and the expression of non-coding RNA are the epigenetic phenomena that affect inflammatory processes in the context of NAFLD. Here, we highlight current understanding of the mechanisms underlying developmental programming of NAFLD linked to epigenetic modulation of the immune system and environmental factors, such as malnutrition.
Association between Porphyromonas Gingivalis and systemic diseases: Focus on T cells-mediated adaptive immunity.; The association between periodontal disease and systemic disease has become a research hotspot. Porphyromonas gingivalis (P. gingivalis), a crucial periodontal pathogen, affects the development of systemic diseases. The pathogenicity of P. gingivalis is largely linked to interference with the host's immunity. This review aims to discover the role of P. gingivalis in the modulation of the host's adaptive immune system through a large number of virulence factors and the manipulation of cellular immunological responses (mainly mediated by T cells). These factors may affect the cause of large numbers of systemic diseases, such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, adverse pregnancy outcomes, inflammatory bowel disease, diabetes mellitus, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and Alzheimer's disease. The point of view of adaptive immunity may provide a new idea for treating periodontitis and related systemic diseases.
Management of obesity in pregnancy.; Maternal pregravid obesity is a significant risk factor for adverse outcomes during pregnancy. In early pregnancy there is an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and congenital anomalies. In later gestation maternal metabolic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome, such as gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, become clinically recognized because of the increased insulin resistance in obese compared with nonobese women. In women with pregestational glucose intolerance, hypertension, central obesity, and lipid disorders, the physiologic changes in pregnancy increase the risk of problems previously not routinely encountered during pregnancy. These include chronic cardiac dysfunction, proteinuria, sleep apnea, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. At parturition the obese patient is at an increased risk of cesarean delivery and associated complications of anesthesia, wound disruption, infection, and deep venous thrombophlebitis. For the fetus there are short-term risks of fetal macrosomia, more specifically obesity, and long-term risks of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. Although preliminary results of bariatric surgery are encouraging, the procedure is expensive and not for all obese women, and we recognize that long-term follow-up data on offspring of obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery before pregnancy are lacking. In the interim, we need to encourage obese women to lose weight before conception, using lifestyle changes if possible. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines (currently under review) and encouragement given for physical activity.
Relationship between viral load and pregnancy outcomes among hepatitis B carriers.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant hepatitis B carriers may have a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Current evidences are conflicting regarding the relationship between hepatitis B virus (HBV) and various pregnancy complications, owing to the inclusion of women with different viral activity. This study is to evaluate the relationship between hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) status/HBV DNA level and pregnancy outcomes among pregnant hepatitis B carriers in Hong Kong. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective analysis of a prospective multicenter observational study carried out in Hong Kong between 2014 and 2016. Pregnant HBV carriers were recruited. HBeAg was tested. HBV DNA level was quantified at 28-30 weeks of gestation. The rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PPROM), preterm birth, low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia and mode of delivery were recorded. RESULTS: 679 pregnancies were analyzed. 23.3% of women were seropositive for HBeAg. The mean viral load (SD) at 28-30 weeks of gestation was 3.6 (2.5) log(10)IU/ml. No statistically significant differences were found in the rates of GDM, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, PPROM, preterm birth, LBW, macrosomia and mode of delivery among women with different viral load levels (≤2 log(10)IU/ml, 2.01-6 log(10)IU/ml and >6 log(10)IU/ml). Positive maternal HBeAg status was not associated with pregnancy complications compared to seronegative women. CONCLUSION: Seropositive HBeAg status or a higher level of HBV DNA during pregnancy did not pose a significant negative impact to the pregnancy outcomes.
RBM15 suppresses hepatic insulin sensitivity of offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus mice via m6A-mediated regulation of CLDN4.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy-specific disease with high morbidity, which is linked to a high risk of obesity and diabetes in offspring. N6-methyladenosine modification of RNA is emerging as an important epigenetic mechanism that is widely manifested in many diseases. This study aimed to investigate the mechanism of m6A methylation in metabolic syndrome in offspring result from intrauterine hyperglycemia. METHODS: GDM mice were established by feeding a high-fat diet 1 weeks before pregnancy. The m6A RNA methylation quantification kit was used to detect liver tissue methylation levels. PCR array was used to determine the expression of the m6A methylation modification enzyme. Immunohistochemistry, qRT-PCR, and western blot were used to examine the expression of RBM15, METTL13, IGF2BP1, and IGF2BP2. Subsequently, methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing combined with mRNA sequencing, followed by dot blot and glucose uptake tests, were performed. RESULTS: In this study, we found that offspring from a GDM mother were more vulnerable to glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. GC-MS revealed significant metabolic changes including saturated fatty acids and unsaturated fatty acids in liver of GDM offspring. We also demonstrated that global mRNA m6A methylation level was significantly increased in the fetal liver of GDM mice, indicating epigenetic change may have a strong relationship with the mechanism of metabolism syndrome. Concordantly, RBM15, the RNA binding methyltransferase, was upregulated in the liver. In vitro, RBM15 suppressed insulin sensitivity and increased insulin resistance through m6A-regulated epigenetic inhabitation of CLDN4. Moreover, MeRIP-sequencing and mRNA-sequencing revealed that differently regulated genes with differential m6A peaks were enriched in metabolic pathways. CONCLUSION: Our study revealed the essential role of RBM15 in insulin resistance and the effect of RBM15-regulated m6A modification in the metabolic syndrome of offspring of GDM mice.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk.; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases; however, there has been little research into its impact on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This study included 308,095 women registered in the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, who delivered between 2011 and 2015 and received a health examination within 52 weeks before pregnancy. Insulin-requiring GDM was defined as no insurance claims for diabetes mellitus and a fasting blood glucose level of < 126 mg/dL before pregnancy, and initiation of insulin treatment during pregnancy. A fatty liver index (FLI) was calculated using body mass index, waist circumference, and blood triglyceride and γ-glutamyl transferase levels. FLI scores < 30 ruled out hepatic steatosis, while FLI scores ≥ 60 indicated NAFLD. RESULTS: The prevalence of NAFLD was 0.8% (2355/308,095) and 1984 (0.6%) subjects developed insulin-requiring GDM. FLIs of 30-59 and ≥ 60 were significantly associated with increased risk of insulin-requiring GDM (odds ratio [OR] 3.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.99-4.10; OR 4.19; 95% CI 3.37-5.23), respectively. Further exploration of the association of FLI with GDM across FLI decile categories revealed a steady increase in OR across the categories. The association was more prominent among those without metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: NAFLD in women is an independent risk factor for insulin-requiring GDM.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Gestational Diabetes Sensitizes Mice to Future Metabolic Syndrome That Can Be Relieved by Activating CAR.; Diabetes and related metabolic syndrome are common metabolic disorders. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is rather prevalent in the clinic. Although most GDM resolves after therapeutic intervention and/or after delivery, the long-term health effect of GDM remains to be better understood. The constitutive androstane receptor (CAR), initially characterized as a xenobiotic receptor, was more recently proposed to be a therapeutic target for obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this study, high-fat diet (HFD) feeding was used to induce GDM. Upon delivery, GDM mice were returned to chow diet until the metabolic parameters were normalized. Parous non-GDM control females or metabolically normalized GDM females were then subjected to HFD feeding to induce nongestational obesity and T2DM. Our results showed that GDM sensitized mice to metabolic abnormalities induced by a second hit of HFD. Treatment with the CAR agonist 1,4-bis [2-(3,5 dichloropyridyloxy)] benzene efficiently attenuated GDM-sensitized and HFD-induced obesity and T2DM, including decreased body weight, improved insulin sensitivity, inhibition of hyperglycemia and hepatic steatosis, increased oxygen consumption, and decreased adipocyte hypertrophy. In conclusion, our results have established GDM as a key risk factor for the future development of metabolic disease. We also propose that CAR is a therapeutic target for the management of metabolic disease sensitized by GDM.
The long-term metabolic and neurocognitive risks in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Previous studies have evaluated long-term metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in offspring of women with diabetes. However, many studies did not differentiate between different types of diabetes. We aimed to specifically evaluate both metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (OT1D). METHODS: We conducted an extensive literature search on PubMed between February 2020 and September 2020. We performed a scoping review including 12 retrospective cohort studies, 15 prospective cohort studies, one case-control study and one cross-sectional study, comparing long-term metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes between OT1D and a control group. RESULTS: OT1D had a higher body mass index and an increased risk for overweight and obesity compared to offspring of mothers without diabetes. A limited number of studies showed a higher risk for (pre)diabetes, higher rates of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome in OT1D. Index offspring had in general similar intelligence and academic achievement as control children but a higher risk for attention deficit and hyperactivity disorders. Data were conflicting concerning the increased risk for autism spectrum disorders. There is limited evidence suggesting that female offspring have more often unfavorable metabolic parameters, while male offspring are more at risk for hyperactivity/impulsivity. CONCLUSION: Maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of several metabolic complications and neurobehavioral disorders in the offspring. Increased attention for long-term complications in this population is needed. Further research is needed to evaluate whether improved glycemic control in pregnancy can reduce these long-term complications.
Role of placental fibrinogen-like protein 1 in gestational diabetes.; In view of the increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the increased risks of delivering a macrosomic infant, developing preeclampsia, and suffering a perinatal death due to GDM, GDM has emerged as a growing public health problem. Although the placenta was suggested to play a crucial role in the pathology of GDM, the mechanisms that induce the development of GDM are still obscure. Fibrinogen-like protein (FGL)-1 is a hepatokine that plays an important role in hepatogenesis, as well as in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and diabetes. Although FGL-1 is also expressed by the placenta, the pathophysiological role of FGL-1 in GDM is still unknown. In this study, FGL-1 levels were evaluated in 45 subjects with (n = 16) or without (n = 29) GDM. We found that FGL-1 was mainly expressed by placental trophoblasts, and FGL-1 expression was significantly higher in subjects with GDM. FGL-1 increased trophoblast proliferation through an extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2-dependent pathway. In addition, plasma concentrations of FGL-1 were higher in subjects with GDM, and the increased circulating FGL-1 might contribute to systemic insulin resistance. FGL-1 disrupted the gluconeogenic action of insulin in HepG2 cells, and decreased insulin-induced glucose uptake by L6 myotubes. Taken together, placental FGL-1 possibly plays a role in the impairment of insulin function in the development of GDM, and it might be a novel biomarker for diagnosing GDM.
Metabolic profiling of gestational diabetes in obese women during pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Antenatal obesity and associated gestational diabetes (GDM) are increasing worldwide. While pre-existing insulin resistance is implicated in GDM in obese women, the responsible metabolic pathways remain poorly described. Our aim was to compare metabolic profiles in blood of obese pregnant women with and without GDM 10 weeks prior to and at the time of diagnosis by OGTT. METHODS: We investigated 646 women, of whom 198 developed GDM, in this prospective cohort study, a secondary analysis of UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), a multicentre randomised controlled trial of a complex lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women. Multivariate regression analyses adjusted for multiple testing, and accounting for appropriate confounders including study intervention, were performed to compare obese women with GDM with obese non-GDM women. We measured 163 analytes in serum, plasma or whole blood, including 147 from a targeted NMR metabolome, at time point 1 (mean gestational age 17 weeks 0 days) and time point 2 (mean gestational age 27 weeks 5 days, at time of OGTT) and compared them between groups. RESULTS: Multiple significant differences were observed in women who developed GDM compared with women without GDM (false discovery rate corrected p values <0.05). Most were evident prior to diagnosis. Women with GDM demonstrated raised lipids and lipoprotein constituents in VLDL subclasses, greater triacylglycerol enrichment across lipoprotein particles, higher branched-chain and aromatic amino acids and different fatty acid, ketone body, adipokine, liver and inflammatory marker profiles compared with those without GDM. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Among obese pregnant women, differences in metabolic profile, including exaggerated dyslipidaemia, are evident at least 10 weeks prior to a diagnosis of GDM in the late second trimester.
Implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead.; Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, affects one in six pregnancies globally and significantly increases a woman's lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Being a relatively young group, women with GDM are also at higher risk of developing diabetes related complications (e.g., cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) later in life. Children of women with GDM are also likely to develop GDM and this perpetuates a cycle of diabetes, escalating our current pandemic of metabolic disease. The global prevalence of GDM has now risen by more than 30% over the last two decades, making it an emerging public health concern. Antepartum management of maternal glucose is unable to fully mitigate the associated lifetime cardiometabolic risk. Thus, efforts may need to focus on improving care for women with GDM during the postpartum period where prevention or therapeutic strategies could be implemented to attenuate progression of GDM to DM and its associated vascular complications. However, strategies to provide care for women in the postpartum period often showed disappointing results. This has led to a missed opportunity to halt the progression of impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose to DM in women with GDM. In this review, we examined the challenges in the management of women with GDM after delivery and considered how each of these challenges are defined and could present as a gap in translating evidence to clinical care. We highlighted challenges related to postpartum surveillance, postpartum glucose testing strategies, postpartum risk factor modification, and problems encountered in engagement of patients/providers to implement interventions strategies in women with GDM after delivery. We reasoned that a multisystem approach is needed to address these challenges and to retard progression to DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with GDM pregnancies. This is very much needed to pave way for an improved, precise, culturally sensitive and wholistic care for women with GDM.
Prevalence of at-risk NASH and its association with metabolic syndrome in US adults with NAFLD, 2017-2018.; Patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) have a higher risk for NASH and significant fibrosis. Presence of NASH and advanced fibrosis are associated with adverse outcomes in patients with NAFLD. Using a noninvasive method, we determined the prevalence of at-risk NASH and its association with MetS components in a large population-based analysis. We used the 2017-2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey and included adults ≥18 years with NAFLD (controlled attenuation parameter ≥274 dB/m). Pregnancy, subjects with other causes of liver disease or missing data were excluded. FibroScan-AST (FAST) score was calculated using aspartate aminotransferase, liver stiffness measurement, and controlled attenuation parameter. Patients with a FAST score >0.35 were considered to have at-risk NASH, defined as NASH with NAFLD activity score ≥4 and fibrosis stage ≥2 on liver biopsy. The sample included 687 patients. The overall prevalence of at-risk NASH was 11.6% (95% CI: 8.8-15.1) and was higher in males than females (15.8% vs. 6.5%; p < 0.001). Subjects with comorbidities (diabetes mellitus, obesity, MetS, and insulin resistance) had between 1.3 and 1.7 times higher prevalence than the general population. Among MetS components, elevated glucose/diabetes, large waist circumference, and low HDL were independent risk factors for at risk-NASH. The number of MetS components was also important-one additional component increased the odds of at-risk NASH by 2 times. The FAST score had the highest correlation with alanine aminotransferase (r= 0.70; p < 0.001). We estimated ~9 million people in the US have at-risk NASH and may benefit from active surveillance and therapy.
Paediatric Obesity Evaluation for Metabolic Susceptibility (POEMS).; INTRODUCTION: Our aim was to determine whether there are risk factors which increase the risk of developing dysglycemia in a child who has increased body mass index (BMI) (overweight/obese). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 715 children who had increased BMI (overweight/obese). They presented to tertiary care at KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Singapore, for metabolic risk assessment. Subjects who had more than one oral glucose tolerance test were included in order to track and analyze risk factors associated with worsening glycemic status from a previously normal glucose tolerance, impaired fasting glucose, or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) state. Demographic characteristics, birth history, family history of metabolic syndrome, metabolic comorbidities, and interventions received were recorded. Statistical analysis was performed to determine odds ratio (OR) of worsening glycemic status progression in association with an analyzed variable, adjusted for intervention received. RESULTS: Risk factors of developing dysglycemia can be present right from birth, as participants who were born preterm had increased odds of IGT (OR: 3.49 (1.10 to 11.03)), and a greater proportion of large-for-gestational-age (LGA)/small-for-gestational-age (SGA) babies had dysglycemia (SGA-IGT: 8.8%, SGA-diabetes mellitus (DM): 5.9%, LGA-IGT: 10.6%, LGA-DM: 11.8%) even at baseline. Being born preterm (OR: 3.49 (1.10 to 11.03)), with comorbidities of hypertension (OR: 1.61 (1.01 to 2.57)), hyperlipidemia (OR: 1.80 (1.19 to 2.72)), and fatty liver disease (OR: 2.08 (1.39 to 3.13)), was significantly associated with an increased OR of developing IGT. Risk factors for developing a worsening glycemic status, either to IGT or DM, included age >10 years (OR 4.94 (1.21 to 20.25)), BMI rise (OR 1.71 (1.17 to 2.49)), BMI increase >1.08 kg/m(2) (OR 1.71 (1.16 to 2.51)), comorbidities of hyperlipidemia (OR 1.67 (1.12 to 2.50)), and fatty liver disease (OR 2.11 (1.43 to 3.12)). CONCLUSIONS: A child who has increased BMI (overweight/obese) and possesses risk factors for worsening glycemic status, if intervened with routine lifestyle modification advice, may still have increased risk of developing dysglycemia and type 2 DM. Therefore, understanding their risk profile provides opportunities to have a tiered and individualized approach.
The Impact of the Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor on Antenatal Chemical Exposure-Induced Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Programming.; Early life exposure lays the groundwork for the risk of developing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic (CKM) syndrome in adulthood. Various environmental chemicals to which pregnant mothers are commonly exposed can disrupt fetal programming, leading to a wide range of CKM phenotypes. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) has a key role as a ligand-activated transcription factor in sensing these environmental chemicals. Activating AHR through exposure to environmental chemicals has been documented for its adverse impacts on cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, kidney disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, as evidenced by both epidemiological and animal studies. In this review, we compile current human evidence and findings from animal models that support the connection between antenatal chemical exposures and CKM programming, focusing particularly on AHR signaling. Additionally, we explore potential AHR modulators aimed at preventing CKM syndrome. As the pioneering review to present evidence advocating for the avoidance of toxic chemical exposure during pregnancy and deepening our understanding of AHR signaling, this has the potential to mitigate the global burden of CKM syndrome in the future.
Trend research of vitamin D receptor: Bibliometric analysis.; Studies on vitamin D receptor (VDR) and its association with multiple disorders are expanding. This bibliometric study aims to find and summarize VDR-related publications, and compare them across various countries, organizations, and journals to demonstrate trends in VDR research. VOSviewer and Excel 2019 were used to classify and summarize Web of Science articles from 1900 to mid-2021. Total records of 8762 articles were analyzed, and maps of co-citations bibliometric keywords co-occurrence were designed. In conclusion, relative research interest and published papers related to VDR were growing in the past 30 years. The United States of America dominates the research regarding VDR. The highest quality of VDR research was achieved by the University of California System, University of Wisconsin System, and Harvard University. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol, PLoS One, and J Biol Chem are the leading three productive journals on VDR. Various aspects of vitamin D deficiency associated disorders and genetic studies regarding VDR, including single nucleotide polymorphism, gene variants, epigenome, long non-coding ribonucleic acid (lncRNA), and small nucleolar RNA host gene 6 are potentially the recent research hotspot in this field. Moreover, coronavirus disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, gut microbiota, gestational diabetes, systemic sclerosis, and chemoresistance are the trending medical conditions associated with VDR.
Fructose, pregnancy and later life impacts.; Fructose is an increasingly common constituent of the Westernized diet due to cost and production efficiencies. Although an integral component of our pre-industrial revolution diet, over the past two decades human and animal studies have highlighted that excessive fructose intake appears to be associated with adverse metabolic effects. Excessive intake of fructose is the combined result of increased total energy consumption and increased portion sizes of foods, which often incorporate the fructose-containing sugars sucrose and high-fructose corn-syrup (HFCS). The adverse metabolic effects following excessive fructose consumption have become a hot topic in mainstream media and there is now rigorous scientific debate regarding periods of exposure, dosage levels, interactive effects with other sugars and fats and mechanisms underlying the actions of fructose. There is still a degree of controversy regarding the extent to which sugars such as sucrose and HFCS have contributed to the current epidemic of obesity and diabetes. Furthermore, an increasing number of infants are being exposed to sugar-sweetened food and beverages before birth and during early postnatal life, highlighting the importance of determining the long-term effects of this perinatal exposure on the developing offspring. There are limited human observational and controlled studies identifying associations of excessive sweetened food and beverage consumption with poor pregnancy outcomes. Animal research has demonstrated an increased incidence of gestational diabetes as well as altered maternal, fetal and offspring metabolic function, although the long-term effects and the mechanism underlying these perturbations are ill defined. This review aims to understand the role of early life fructose exposure in modifying postnatal risk of disease in the offspring, focusing on fructose intake during pregnancy and in early postnatal life.
Fetal development and risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes type 2 in adult life.; The fetal origin hypothesis of adult cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia in persons born with low birthweight, independently of their extrauterine risk factors, has been well established in the last decade of the twentieth century. However, mechanisms responsible for this relationship are still under investigation. Insulin resistance resulting from the restriction of intrauterine development of skeletal muscles and other organs is considered as the most important cause of metabolic disturbances and their cardiovascular complications in adult subjects born with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). Decline of insulin secretion, overactivation of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis, reduced glucose uptake in the liver and raised lipid oxidation in the muscles may also explain this association. On the other hand, abnormal vascular development , increased activity of the sympathetic nervous system, defective endothelial function and/or impaired renal function in growth restricted newborns may contribute to hypertension in their later life. With respect to maternal conditions and life-style factors that may increase cardiovascular risk in adult offspring born with IUGR, the most consistent results concern pregnancy induced hypertension, preeclampsia, undernutrition, smoking during pregnancy, hypercholesterolemia, inflammation and/or enhanced glucocorticoid secretion. Macrosomia of the newborn, a frequent sequel to maternal diabetes and/or obesity, also increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Maternal overnutrition, and particularly high fat and sugar intake, seem to play a key role in fetal programming of cardiovascular risk in subjects born with macrosomia. Epigenetic imprinting underlies the described pathomechanisms. The presented associations are illustrated, among others, with the results of studies performed by the authors of this review.
Sex-specific effects of maternal metformin intervention during glucose-intolerant obese pregnancy on body composition and metabolic health in aged mouse offspring.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregnancies complicated by pregestational type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome but data regarding long-term offspring outcome are lacking in both human studies and animal models. Using a mouse model, this study investigated the effects of maternal metformin intervention during obese glucose-intolerant pregnancy on adiposity, hepatic steatosis and markers of metabolic health of male and female offspring up to the age of 12 months. METHODS: C57BL/6J female mice were weaned onto either a control diet (Con) or, to induce pre-conception obesity, an obesogenic diet (Ob). The respective diets were maintained throughout pregnancy and lactation. These obese dams were then randomised to the untreated group or to receive 300 mg/kg oral metformin hydrochloride treatment (Ob-Met) daily during pregnancy. In male and female offspring, body weights and body composition were measured from 1 month until 12 months of age, when serum and tissues were collected for investigation of adipocyte cellularity (histology), adipose tissue inflammation (histology and quantitative RT-PCR), and hepatic steatosis and fibrosis (histochemistry and modified Folch assay). RESULTS: At 12 months of age, male Ob and Ob-Met offspring showed increased adiposity, adipocyte hypertrophy, elevated expression of proinflammatory genes, hyperleptinaemia and hepatic lipid accumulation compared with Con offspring. Male Ob-Met offspring failed to show hyperplasia between 8 weeks and 12 months, indicative of restricted adipose tissue expansion, resulting in increased immune cell infiltration and ectopic lipid deposition. Female Ob offspring were relatively protected from these phenotypes but Ob-Met female offspring showed increased adiposity, adipose tissue inflammation, hepatic lipid accumulation, hyperleptinaemia and hyperinsulinaemia compared with Con female offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Maternal metformin treatment of obese dams increased offspring metabolic risk factors in a sex- and age-dependent manner. These observations highlight the importance of following up offspring of both sexes beyond early adulthood after interventions during pregnancy. Our findings illustrate the complexity of balancing short-term benefits to mother and child vs any potential long-term metabolic effects on the offspring when prescribing therapeutic agents that cross the placenta.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. METHODS: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. RESULTS: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. CONCLUSION: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics underlying the link between early-life nutrition and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Early-life malnutrition plays a critical role in foetal development and predisposes to metabolic diseases later in life, according to the concept of 'developmental programming'. Different types of early nutritional imbalance, including undernutrition, overnutrition and micronutrient deficiency, have been related to long-term metabolic disorders. Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that disturbances in nutrition during the period of preconception, pregnancy and primary infancy can affect mitochondrial function and epigenetic mechanisms. Moreover, even though multiple mechanisms underlying non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been described, in the past years, special attention has been given to mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetic alterations. Mitochondria play a key role in cellular metabolic functions. Dysfunctional mitochondria contribute to oxidative stress, insulin resistance and inflammation. Epigenetic mechanisms have been related to alterations in genes involved in lipid metabolism, fibrogenesis, inflammation and tumorigenesis. In accordance, studies have reported that mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics linked to early-life nutrition can be important contributing factors in the pathogenesis of NAFLD. In this review, we summarise the current understanding of the interplay between mitochondrial dysfunction, epigenetics and nutrition during early life, which is relevant to developmental programming of NAFLD.
Autoimmune Hepatitis and Obstetrical Outcomes: A Nationwide Assessment.; INTRODUCTION: Previous research identified AIH as linked to unfavorable obstetrical outcomes in a US nationwide retrospective study from 2012-2016. Our aim is to update the literature and strengthen the AIH-pregnancy outcomes relationship. METHODS: Using the National Inpatient Sample database in the US, from 2016 to 2020, we compared pregnant females with a diagnosis of AIH to those with and without other chronic liver diseases (CLD), using ICD-10-CM codes. Baseline characteristics were analyzed using T-test and Chi-Square, and multivariate regression was used to estimate the differences in maternal outcomes adjusted for age, race, insurance status, geographical location, hospital characteristics, and comorbid conditions. RESULTS: Out of 19,392,328 hospitalizations for pregnant females ≥ 18 years old from 2016 to 2020, 1095 had AIH, 179,655 had CLD, and 19,206,696 had no CLD. No mortality was observed among individuals with AIH. When compared to individuals without CLD, AIH was associated with an 82% increase in the odds of preterm delivery (AIH: 8% vs. Without CLD: 5%, adjusted Odds Ratio = 1.82, 95% CI 1.06-3.14), with no significant differences in gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive complications, and postpartum hemorrhage, and a 0.6 day longer hospital stay. Furthermore, there were no significant differences in outcomes between AIH and CLD. CONCLUSIONS: Our study reinforces the association of AIH with adverse obstetrical outcomes (e.g., preterm delivery), however, we found that there is no difference in GDM and hypertensive complications, as suggested in prior studies. Therefore, further investigations are needed to clarify the association between AIH and these obstetrical complications.
Maternal antagonism of Glp1 reverses the adverse outcomes of sleeve gastrectomy on mouse offspring.; Mothers that underwent bariatric surgery are at higher risk for delivering a small-for-gestational age (SGA) infant. This phenomenon is attributed to malabsorption and rapid weight loss following surgery. We compared pregnancy outcomes in lean mice that underwent sham surgery or sleeve gastrectomy (SG). SG led to a reduction in glucose levels and an increase in postprandial levels of glucagon-like peptide 1 (Glp1) without affecting mice weight during pregnancy. Pups of SG-operated mice (SG pups) were born SGA. The placenta and pancreas of the pups were not affected by SG, although a high-fat diet caused hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance in male SG pups. Treatment with a Glp1 receptor antagonist during pregnancy normalized the birth weight of SG pups and diminished the adverse response to a high-fat diet without affecting glucose levels of pregnant mice. The antagonist did not affect the birth weight of pups of sham-operated mice. Our findings link elevated Glp1 signaling, rather than weight loss, to the increased prevalence of SGA births following bariatric surgery with metabolic consequences for the offspring. The long-term effects of bariatric surgery on the metabolic health of offspring of patients require further investigation.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight.; OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a well-recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from gluconeogenesis) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids [FFA], or adipokines) and excessive fetal birthweight in NAFLD has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. METHOD: Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10-14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as Grade 0-3 steatosis. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken after fasting and measured for adiponectin and FFA. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. RESULTS: A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/623), and the frequency of NAFLD was 18.9%. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with Grade 2-3 steatosis in the first trimester. The relationship between Grade 2-3 steatosis and LGA remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels. The concentration of maternal blood adiponectin at 10-14 weeks was significantly lower in cases with LGA than non-LGA, but the maternal blood FFA concentrations were not different between the groups. CONCLUSION: The presence of Grade 2-3 steatosis on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for multiple confounding factors including GDM. Adiponectin may be the linking biomarker between NAFLD and LGA.
Factors associated with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and its influence on maternal and infant outcomes.; The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical features and risk factors of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) and its effect on pregnancy outcomes. The data from 300 pregnant women with ICP and 300 pregnant women without ICP admitted from July 2015 to December 2016 at Changsha Maternal and Child Health Hospital were collected. The factors associated with ICP were examined. The family history of ICP, twin pregnancies, number of births, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hepatitis virus infection, and in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer, differed significantly between the 2 groups (all P < .05). The multivariable analysis showed that body mass index at delivery, number of births, HDP, gestational diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hepatitis virus infection were associated with ICP (all P < .05). The incidence of abnormal amniotic fluid and premature births in the ICP group were significantly higher than in the control group (all P < .05). ICP is associated with BMI at delivery, number of births, HDP, gestational diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hepatitis virus infection. ICP greatly influences pregnancy outcomes.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. METHODS: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10-14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors; setting 2, addition of new risk factors in recent guidelines; setting 3, addition of routine clinical variables; setting 4, addition of NALFD-associated variables, including the presence of NAFLD and laboratory results; and setting 5, top 11 variables identified from a stepwise variable selection method). The predictive models were constructed using machine learning methods, including logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural networks. RESULTS: Among 1,443 women, 86 (6.0%) were diagnosed with GDM. The highest performing prediction model among settings 1-4 was setting 4, which included both clinical and NAFLD-associated variables (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] 0.563-0.697 in settings 1-3 vs. 0.740-0.781 in setting 4). Setting 5, with top 11 variables (which included NAFLD and hepatic steatosis index), showed similar predictive power to setting 4 (AUC 0.719-0.819 in setting 5, P=not significant between settings 4 and 5). CONCLUSION: We developed an early prediction model for GDM using machine learning. The inclusion of NAFLDassociated variables significantly improved the performance of GDM prediction. (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02276144).
Neuroendocrine and endocrine dysfunction in the hyperinsulinemic PCOS patient: the role of metformin.; Metformin is a widely used and extensively studied insulin sensitising drug for the treatment of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with various actions in tissues responding to insulin that include the liver, skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, the endothelium of blood vessels, and the ovaries. Treatment of PCOS women with metformin has been shown to reduce fasting glucose levels, blood pressure, and serum androgens; further effects of metformin in women with PCOS may include direct effects on the central nervous system; and indirect effects via the modification of gut hormone and adipokine synthesis and/or secretion. A number of "novel" adipokines and metabolic factors have been recently identified which may play a role both in the pathogenesis and the treatment of women with PCOS. We here discuss recent advances in the area, with a focus on neuroendocrine and endocrine dysfunctions in women with PCOS and the potential role of metformin in this context.
Metabolic complications of childhood obesity: identifying and mitigating the risk.; The growing number of obese children and adolescents across the world creates a diagnostic challenge to caregivers. The early clinical manifestations of abnormalities related to childhood obesity, attributed to obesity-driven insulin resistance, are impaired glucose metabolism and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Both have no symptoms and demand a high index of suspicion and the proper choice of tests for establishing the diagnosis. The clinician should gather information derived from thoroughly taken history and a focused physical examination to stratify patients by their risk. Focused lifestyle modification-aimed interventions are showing promising results in improving the metabolic profile of obese children. Early diagnosis may help allocate resources for intensive interventions that may benefit individuals at greatest risk for early obesity-related morbidity.
History of Gestational Diabetes and Incident Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Kangbuk Samsung Health Study.; INTRODUCTION: We examined the relationship between a previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) and risk of incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and investigated the effect of insulin resistance or development of diabetes as mediators of any association. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of 64,397 Korean parous women without NAFLD. The presence of and the severity of NAFLD at baseline and follow-up were assessed using liver ultrasonography. Cox proportional hazards models were used to determine adjusted hazard ratios for incident NAFLD according to a self-reported GDM history, adjusting for confounders as time-dependent variables. Mediation analyses were performed to examine whether diabetes or insulin resistance may mediate the association between pGDM and incident NAFLD. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 3.7 years, 6,032 women developed incident NAFLD (of whom 343 had moderate-to-severe NAFLD). Multivariable adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) comparing women with time-dependent pGDM with the reference group (no pGDM) were 1.46 (1.33-1.59) and 1.75 (1.25-2.44) for incident overall NAFLD and moderate-to-severe NAFLD, respectively. These associations remained significant in analyses restricted to women with normal fasting glucose <100 mg/dL or that excluded women with prevalent diabetes at baseline or incident diabetes during follow-up. Diabetes and insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance) each mediated <10% of the association between pGDM and overall NAFLD development. DISCUSSION: A previous history of GDM is an independent risk factor for NAFLD development. Insulin resistance, measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance, and development of diabetes each explained only <10% of the association between GDM and incident NAFLD.
Comparison of the cardiometabolic profiles of adolescents conceived through ART with those of a non-ART cohort.; STUDY QUESTION: Is the cardiometabolic health of adolescents conceived through ART worse than that of their counterparts conceived without ART? SUMMARY ANSWER: The majority of cardiometabolic and vascular health parameters of adolescents conceived through ART are similar or more favourable, than those of their counterparts of similar age and conceived without ART. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: It has been proposed that the cardiometabolic health of offspring conceived with ART may be unfavourable compared to that of their counterparts conceived without ART. The literature pertaining to cardiometabolic health of offspring conceived after ART is contradictory, but generally suggests unfavourable cardiometabolic health parameters, such as an increase in blood pressure (BP), vascular dysfunction and adiposity, as well as unfavourable glucose and lipid profiles. With over 8 million children and adults born through ART worldwide, it is important to investigate whether these early signs of adverse cardiometabolic differences persist into adolescence and beyond. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Growing Up Healthy Study (GUHS) is a prospective cohort study that recruited 303 adolescents and young adults conceived after ART (aged 13-21 years) and born between 1991 and 2001 in Western Australia. Their health parameters, including cardiometabolic factors, were assessed and compared with counterparts from the Raine Study Generation 2 (Gen2). The 2868 Gen2 participants were born 1989-1992 and are representative of the Western Australian adolescent population. At ∼17 years of age (2013-2017), 163 GUHS participants replicated assessments previously completed by Gen2 at a similar age. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Cardiometabolic parameters were compared between a total of 163 GUHS and 1457 Gen2 adolescents. Separate male (GUHS n = 81, Gen2 n = 735) and female (GUHS n = 82, Gen2 n = 722) analyses were conducted. Assessments consisted of a detailed questionnaire including health, lifestyle and demographic parameters, anthropometric assessments (height, weight, BMI, waist circumference and skinfold thickness), fasting serum biochemistry, arterial stiffness and BP (assessed using applanation tonometry). Abdominal ultrasonography was used to assess the presence and severity of hepatic steatosis, and thickness of abdominal fat compartments. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was diagnosed if there was sonographic fatty liver in the absence of significant alcohol consumption. Chi2, Fisher's exact and Mann-Whitney U tests, performed in SPSS V25, examined cohort differences and generalized estimating equations adjusted for the following covariates: singleton vs non-singleton pregnancy, birthweight (z-score), gestational age, BMI, smoking, alcohol consumption in the past 6 months and parent cardiovascular status. Arterial stiffness measures and waist circumference were additionally adjusted for height, and female analyses were additionally adjusted for use of oral contraceptives in the preceding 6 months. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In adjusted analyses, GUHS females had a lower BMI (22.1 vs 23.3 kg/m2, P = 0.014), and thinner skinfolds (triceps, subscapular, mid-abdominal; 16.9 vs 18.7 mm, P = 0.021, 13.4 vs 15.0 mm, P = 0.027, 19.7 vs 23.2 mm, P < 0.001, respectively), whereas males were not significantly different. Waist circumference was lower in GUHS adolescents (males: 78.1 vs 81.3 cm, P = 0.008, females: 76.7 vs 83.3 cm, P = 0.007). There were no significant differences between the two groups in glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), alanine aminotransferase and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in both sexes. In females, serum triglycerides were lower in GUHS adolescents (1.0 vs 1.2 mmol/l, P = 0.029). GUHS males had higher serum HDL-C (1.1 vs 1.0 mmol/l, P = 0.004) and a lower TC/HDL-C ratio (3.2 vs 3.6, P = 0.036). There were no significant differences in the prevalence of NAFLD or steatosis severity scores between the cohorts in males and females. GUHS females had less subcutaneous adipose tissue (9.4 vs 17.9 mm, P < 0.001), whereas GUHS males had greater visceral adipose thickness (44.7 vs 36.3 mm, P < 0.001). There was no significant difference in pre-peritoneal adipose thickness. Pulse wave velocity was lower in GUHS males (5.8 vs 6.3 m/s, P < 0.001) and heart rate corrected augmentation index was lower in GUHS females (-8.4 vs -2.7%, P = 0.048). There were no significant differences in BP or heart rate in males or females between the two groups. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Despite the substantial study size and the unique study design of the ART cohort, we were unable to differentiate between different types of ART, due to the low number of ICSI cycles (e.g. IVF vs ICSI), draw definite conclusions, or relate the outcomes to the cause of infertility. Considering the differences in time points when both cohorts were studied, external factors could have changed, which could not be accounted for. Given the observational nature of this study, causation cannot be proven. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Contrary to our hypothesis and previous findings focussing mainly on childhood, this study reports mostly similar or favourable cardiometabolic markers in adolescents conceived with ART compared to those conceived without ART. The greater visceral adipose thickness, particularly present in males, requires further investigation. While these findings are generally reassuring, future well-designed and appropriately powered studies are required to definitively address the issue of cardiometabolic health in ART adults. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This project was supported by NHMRC project grant number 1042269 and R.J.H. received education grant funding support from Ferring Pharmaceuticals. R.J.H. is the Medical Director of Fertility Specialists of Western Australia and a shareholder in Western IVF. He has received educational sponsorship from MSD, Merck-Serono and Ferring Pharmaceuticals. P.B. is the Scientific Director of Concept Fertility Centre, Subiaco, Western Australia. J.L.Y. is the Medical Director of PIVET Medical Centre, Perth, Western Australia. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Effect of Galactooligosaccharide on PPARs/PI3K/Akt Pathway and Gut Microbiota in High-Fat and High-Sugar Diet Combined with STZ-Induced GDM Rat Model.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder, characterized by underlying glucose intolerance, diabetes onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy. Galactooligosaccharide (GOS) is essential for consumer protection as food supplementation. However, there is limited understanding of the effects of GOS on GDM. We successfully established a GDM rat model to explore GOS whether participated in PPARs/PI3K/Akt pathway and gut microbiota metabolites to treat for GDM. In this study, compared with the GDM group, GOS administration lowered the levels of TG, LDL-C, and HDL-C in rat serum, as well as improved the pathological changes pancreatic, liver, and kidney tissues. Compared with the GDM group, the protein expressions of PPARα, PPARγ, and PPARβ/δ markedly enhanced in GOS-treated groups (P < 0.01). Moreover, GOS administration upregulated the protein expressions of PPARα, PPARβ, PPARγ, PI3K, Akt, GLUT4, Bax, and Bcl2. GOS administration altered gut microbiota metabolites, including both SCFAs and BAs. Correlation analysis revealed close relationships between gut microbiota and experimental indicators. This study indicated that GOS effectively improved GDM in rats through the modulation of PPARs/PI3K/Akt pathway and gut microbiota. Thus, the GOS could be recommended as a candidate for novel therapy of GDM.
Pathophysiological analysis of the progression of hepatic lesions in STAM mice.; Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a current health issue since the disease often leads to hepatocellular carcinoma; however, the pathogenesis of the disease has still not been fully elucidated. In this study, we investigated the pathophysiological changes observed in hepatic lesions in STAM mice, a novel NASH model. STAM mice, high fat-diet (HFD) fed mice, and streptozotocin (STZ) treated mice were prepared, and changes over time, such as biological parameters, mRNA expression, and histopathological findings, were evaluated once animal reached 5, 7, and 10 weeks of age. STZ mice presented with hyperglycemia and an increase in oxidative stress in immunohistochemical analyses of Hexanoyl-lysine: HEL from 5 weeks, with fibrosis in the liver also being observed from 5 weeks. HFD mice presented with hyperinsulinemia from 7 weeks and the slight hepatosteatosis was observed at 5 weeks, with changes significantly increasing until 10 weeks. STAM mice at 10 weeks showed significant hepatic changes, including hepatosteatosis, hypertrophic hepatocytes, and fibrosis, indicating pathological changes associated with NASH. These results suggested that the increase in oxidative stress with hyperglycemia triggered hepatic lesions in STAM mice, and insulin resistance promoted lesion formation with hepatic lipid accumulation. STAM mice may be a useful model for elucidating the pathogenesis of NASH with diabetes.
Association between hepatitis B virus replication during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The effect of hepatitis B virus (HBV) replication during pregnancy on the outcomes of pregnancies remains to be elucidated. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to investigate the association between HBV replication and adverse maternal and infant outcomes. METHODS: We retrospectively analysed the clinical data of 836 pregnant inpatients with hepatitis B surface antigen positivity who delivered at two provincial tertiary grade A hospitals in the Fujian province between June 2016 and October 2020. RESULTS: The incidence of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, hypertensive syndrome complicating pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, macrosomia, growth restriction, and vaginal infections did not differ in the HBV replication and non-replication groups (p > 0.05); however, the rates of caesarean section (p = 0.017; OR, 1.423; 95% CI, 1.065-1.902) and neonatal jaundice (p < 0.001; OR, 2.361; 95% CI, 1.498-3.721) were higher in the replication group than that in the non-replication group. After using propensity score analysis to adjust for alanine transaminase and aspartate aminotransferase levels in both groups, the replication group was still found to have an increased risk for caesarean section (p < 0.001; OR, 2.367; 95% CI, 1.668-3.359) and their infants had higher rates of neonatal jaundice (p < 0.001; OR, 12.605; 95% CI, 4.456-35.656). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings contribute to a better understanding of the association between maternal HBV replication status and perinatal outcomes. Pregnant women with HBV replication face an increased risk of caesarean section, and their infants appear to have a higher risk for neonatal jaundice.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in women diagnosed with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: To further explore the relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by determining the prevalence of GDM in women diagnosed with NAFLD antepartum. METHODS: Electronic databases were searched using specific keywords. Original studies of adult women reporting NAFLD (confirmed on imaging) and GDM (confirmed via oral glucose tolerance test) prevalence were included. Studies involving women with pre-gestational pre-diabetes, type 1/type 2 diabetes, chronic liver disease/cirrhosis unrelated to NAFLD were excluded. The prevalence of GDM occurring in women with NAFLD was calculated along with pooled odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using the random effects model. RESULTS: Seven studies (total 2299 participants) were included. The prevalence of GDM in women with NAFLD was 26.0% (95% CI 20.9-31.7%, I(2) = 48%, τ(2) = 0.06). The odds of having GDM were 2.9 times higher in pregnant women diagnosed with NAFLD compared with non-NAFLD women, although a high degree of heterogeneity existed (unadjusted OR 2.9, 95% CI 1.0-8.4, I(2) = 81%, τ(2) = 0.83, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Our study provides further insight into the prevalence of GDM in pregnant women diagnosed with NAFLD. There is a current lack of well-conducted studies examining this complex association between NAFLD and GDM.
The metabolic syndrome: common origins of a multifactorial disorder.; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a combination of cardiometabolic risk determinants including obesity (central adiposity), insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidaemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hypertension. MetS is rapidly increasing in prevalence worldwide as a consequence of the continued obesity "epidemic", and as a result will have a considerable impact on the global incidence of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is debate concerning whether the risk of cardiovascular disease is greater in patients diagnosed with MetS than that of the sum of the individual risk factors. At present, no unifying origin that can explain the pathogenesis of MetS has been identified and therefore no unique pharmacological treatment is available. This review summarises and critically evaluates the current clinical and scientific evidence supporting the existence of MetS as a multifactorial endocrine disease, for which maternal nutrition may be a common pathogenic mechanism. In addition, we suggest that ectopic fat accumulation (such as visceral and hepatic fat accumulation) and the proinflammatory state are central to the development of the MetS.
Adipose tissue-liver cross-talk: a route to hepatic dysfunction in pregnant women with obesity.; Obesity during pregnancy has been escalating, becoming a huge problem that poses consequences not only for the health of the offspring but also for the maternal well-being. Women's adipose and hepatic tissue metabolism undergoes significant changes during the gestational period. During pregnancy, obesity is a primary instigator of steatosis, increasing the risk of non-alcholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), now recognized under the updated nomenclature metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Pregnant women with obesity present higher levels of free fatty acids and glucose, reduction in insulin sensitivity, and adipose tissue endocrine dysregulation. Furthermore, obesity-induced modifications in clock genes and lipid-associated gene expression within adipose tissue disrupt crucial metabolic adaptations, potentially culminating in adipose tissue dysfunction. Thus, the liver experiences increased exposure to free fatty acids through the portal vein. Higher uptake of free fatty acids into the liver disrupts hepatic lipid oxidation while enhances lipogenesis, thereby predisposing to ectopic fat deposition within the liver. This review focuses on the obesity-induced changes during pregnancy in both liver and adipose tissue metabolism, elucidating how the metabolic crosstalk between these two organs can be dysregulated in pregnant women living with obesity.
Association between gestational cannabis exposure and maternal, perinatal, placental, and childhood outcomes.; Globally, the availability and formulations for the administration of cannabis are changing with decriminalization or legalization of recreational use in some jurisdictions, and the prescription of cannabis also occurring. These changes are likely to affect the prevalence of use, including by women of childbearing age. The effects of in utero and infant alcohol and tobacco exposure are well-documented, but the outcomes of cannabis exposure are less certain. The content of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of cannabis has progressively increased over several decades. This review explores the limited knowledge surrounding the epidemiology of gestational and postnatal cannabis exposure and implications for the mother-placenta-fetus/neonate triad. We examine cannabis' effects from antenatal and lactation exposure on (a) pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, (b) placental health, and (c) longer term cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risks and outcomes. Though definitive outcomes are lacking, gestational cannabis has been associated with increased risk of other substance use during pregnancy; impaired placental blood flow; increased risk of small for gestational age births; and associated complications. Childhood and adolescent outcomes are sparsely assessed, with suggested outcomes including increased risk of depression and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Cardiometabolic implications of gestational cannabis use may include maternal fatty liver, obesity, insulin resistance, and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with potential consequences for the fetus. Clinical implications for pediatric practice were explored in a bid to understand any potential risk or impact on child health and development.
Tolerable upper intake level for dietary sugars.; Following a request from five European Nordic countries, the EFSA Panel on Nutrition, Novel Foods and Food Allergens (NDA) was tasked to provide scientific advice on a tolerable upper intake level (UL) or a safe level of intake for dietary (total/added/free) sugars based on available data on chronic metabolic diseases, pregnancy-related endpoints and dental caries. Specific sugar types (fructose) and sources of sugars were also addressed. The intake of dietary sugars is a well-established hazard in relation to dental caries in humans. Based on a systematic review of the literature, prospective cohort studies do not support a positive relationship between the intake of dietary sugars, in isocaloric exchange with other macronutrients, and any of the chronic metabolic diseases or pregnancy-related endpoints assessed. Based on randomised control trials on surrogate disease endpoints, there is evidence for a positive and causal relationship between the intake of added/free sugars and risk of some chronic metabolic diseases: The level of certainty is moderate for obesity and dyslipidaemia (> 50-75% probability), low for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes (> 15-50% probability) and very low for hypertension (0-15% probability). Health effects of added vs. free sugars could not be compared. A level of sugars intake at which the risk of dental caries/chronic metabolic diseases is not increased could not be identified over the range of observed intakes, and thus, a UL or a safe level of intake could not be set. Based on available data and related uncertainties, the intake of added and free sugars should be as low as possible in the context of a nutritionally adequate diet. Decreasing the intake of added and free sugars would decrease the intake of total sugars to a similar extent. This opinion can assist EU Member States in setting national goals/recommendations.
A Narrative Review of Medical and Genetic Risk Factors among Children Age 5 and Younger with Severe Obesity.; Severe obesity defined as an age- and gender-specific body mass index ≥120% of the 95th percentile in children younger than 5 years is well recognized as a significant challenge for prevention and treatment. This article provides an overview of the prevalence, classification of obesity severity, patterns of weight gain trajectory, medical and genetic risk factors, and comorbid disorders among young children with an emphasis on severe obesity. Studies suggest rapid weight gain trajectory in infancy, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes, and genetic conditions are associated with an increased risk for severe obesity in early childhood. Among populations of young children with severe obesity seeking care, co-morbid conditions such as dyslipidemia and fatty liver disease are present and families report behavioral concerns and developmental delays. Children with severe obesity by age 5 represent a vulnerable population of children at high medical risk and need to be identified early and appropriately managed.
Prenatal xenobiotic exposure and intrauterine hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis programming alteration.; The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis is one of the most important neuroendocrine axes and plays an important role in stress defense responses before and after birth. Prenatal exposure to xenobiotics, including environmental toxins (such as smoke, sulfur dioxide and carbon monoxide), drugs (such as synthetic glucocorticoids), and foods and beverage categories (such as ethanol and caffeine), affects fetal development indirectly by changing the maternal status or damaging the placenta. Certain xenobiotics (such as caffeine, ethanol and dexamethasone) may also affect the fetus directly by crossing the placenta into the fetus due to their lipophilic properties and lower molecular weights. All of these factors probably result in intrauterine programming alteration of the HPA axis, which showed a low basal activity but hypersensitivity to chronic stress. These alterations will, therefore, increase the susceptibility to adult neuropsychiatric (such as depression and schizophrenia) and metabolic diseases (such as hypertension, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease). The "over-exposure of fetuses to maternal glucocorticoids" may be the main initiation factor by which the fetal HPA axis programming is altered. Meantime, xenobiotics can directly induce abnormal epigenetic modifications and expression on the important fetal genes (such as hippocampal glucocorticoid receptor, adrenal steroidogenic acute regulatory protein, et al) or damage by in situ oxidative metabolism of fetal adrenals, which may also be contributed to the programming alteration of fetal HPA axis.
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. METHODS: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). RESULTS: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: the liver disease of our age?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease that might affect up to one-third of the adult population in industrialised countries. NAFLD incorporates histologically and clinically different non-alcoholic entities; fatty liver (NAFL, steatosis hepatis) and steatohepatitis (NASH-characterised by hepatocyte ballooning and lobular inflammation ± fibrosis) might progress to cirrhosis and rarely to hepatocellular cancer. NAFL increasingly affects children (paediatric prevalence is 4.2%-9.6%). Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance (IR), obesity, metabolic syndrome and NAFLD are particularly closely related. Increased hepatic lipid storage is an early abnormality in insulin resistant women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. The accumulation of triacylglycerols in hepatocytes is predominantly derived from the plasma nonesterified fatty acid pool supplied largely by the adipose tissue. A few NAFLD susceptibility gene variants are associated with progressive liver disease, IR, T2DM and a higher risk for hepatocellular carcinoma. Although not approved, pharmacological approaches might be considered in NASH patients.
Intergenerational effects of preconception opioids on glucose homeostasis and hepatic transcription in adult male rats.; Adolescence represents a period of significant neurodevelopment during which adverse experiences can lead to prolonged effects on disease vulnerability, including effects that can impact future offspring. Adolescence is a common period for the initiation of drug use, including the use of opioids. Beyond effects on central reward, opioids also impact glucose metabolism, which can impact the risk of diabetes. Moreover, recent animal models suggest that the effects of adolescent opioids can effect glucose metabolism in future offspring. Indeed, we demonstrated that the adult male offspring of females exposed to morphine for 10 days during adolescence (referred to as MORF1 males) are predisposed to the adverse effects of an obesogenic diet. As adults, MORF1 males fed a high fat moderate sucrose diet (FSD) for just 6 weeks had increased fasting glucose and insulin levels when compared to age-matched offspring of females exposed to saline during adolescence (SALF1 males). Clinically, a similar profile of impaired fasting glucose has been associated with hepatic insulin resistance and an increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Thus, in the current study, we used RNA sequencing to determine whether adult MORF1 males demonstrate significant alterations in the hepatic transcriptome suggestive of alterations in metabolism. Age-matched SALF1 and MORF1 males were fed either FSD or control diet (CD) for 8 weeks. Similar to our previous observations, FSD-maintained MORF1 males gained more weight and displayed both fasting hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia when compared to FSD-maintained SALF1 males, with no significant effect on glucagon. No differences in bodyweight or fasting-induce glucose were observed in control diet (CD)-maintained F1 males, although there was a trend for CD MORF1 males to display elevated levels of fasting insulin. Unexpectedly, transcriptional analyses revealed profound differences in the hepatic transcriptome of CD-maintained MORF1 and SALF1 (1686 differentially expressed genes) with no significant differences between FSD-maintained MORF1 and SALF1 males. As changes in the hepatic transcriptome were not revealed under 8 weeks FSD conditions, we extended the feeding paradigm and conducted a glucose tolerance test to determine whether impaired fasting glucose observed in FSD MORF1 males was due to peripheral insulin resistance. Impaired glucose tolerance was observed in both CD and FSD MORF1 males, and to a more limited extent in FSD SALF1 males. These findings implicate intergenerational effects of adolescent morphine exposure on the risk of developing insulin resistance and associated comorbidities, even in the absence of an obesogenic diet.
Hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated risk of ultimately developing pre-diabetes and diabetes later in life. They also have an increased prevalence of fatty liver, but recent studies have reported conflicting findings on whether hepatic fat affects their risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the associations of liver fat with glucose homeostasis and determinants thereof in women with and without recent gestational dysglycemia. METHODS: Two hundred and fifty-seven women underwent an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which diagnosed 97 with GDM, 40 with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), and 120 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). At a mean of 4.8 years post partum, they underwent an OGTT (which revealed that 52 had progressed to pre-diabetes/diabetes) and hepatic ultrasound, on which liver fat was graded as none (n=164), mild (n=66), or moderate (n=27). RESULTS: Liver fat was more prevalent in women with previous GDM than in those with GIGT or NGT (p=0.009) and in women with current pre-diabetes/diabetes than in those without (p=0.0003). As the severity of liver fat increased, there was a progressive worsening of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, coupled with rising fasting and 2-hour glucose (all p<0.0001). On multiple linear regression analyses, moderate liver fat was independently associated with lower insulin sensitivity (p=0.0002) and higher 2-hour glucose (p=0.009). Moreover, moderate liver fat emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes (OR=3.66, 95% CI 1.1 to 12.5). CONCLUSION: The higher prevalence of liver fat in women with previous GDM is associated with their increased risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes.
Cardiovascular disease: screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman.; Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c)>130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG)>or=150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c)<or=50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity.
Association of Parity in Patients with Chronic Liver Disease.; INTRODUCTION AND AIM: The impact of type of liver disease on parity rates hasn't been described. Our aim was to assess the parity rates among women with CLD. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey-III (1988-1994) data were used to identify adult female participants with a diagnosis of CLD. Participants were asked about their reproductive health status. Parity was defined as having at least one live birth. Hepatic ultrasound, serologic, medical examination and clinical data were available to determine the presence and type of CLD. Body mass index (kg/m2) was divided into 3 categories (&lt; 30; 30-35; 36+). RESULTS: A total of 3,502 (865 NAFLD, 737 other CLD, 1,901 control) subjects were included. Patients with NAFLD were more likely to have at least one live birth than patients with other CLD and controls (77% in NAFLD vs. 72% in controls). Multivariate analysis revealed that presence of CLD other than NAFLD (OR: 0.46 [95% CI, 0.34-0.63]) and having a college or higher degree (OR: 0.48 [95% CI, 0.34-0.68]) were negatively associated while having low income (OR: 11.06 [95% CI, 6.86-17.82]) and being African American (OR: 3.93 [95% CI, 2.59-5.98]) were positively associated with having at least one live birth. CONCLUSIONS: This study revealed that patients with CLD other than NAFLD were less likely to have at least one live birth. NAFLD and obesity were associated with higher rates of live births which can potentially be explained by weight gain post live birth leading to obesity and its associated-NAFLD.
Maternal hepatitis C virus infection and three adverse maternal outcomes in the United States.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis Virus C (HCV) infection rates have trended upwards among pregnant people in the USA since 2009. Existing evidence about HCV infections and maternal outcomes is limited; therefore, we used birth certificate data to investigate the association between HCV infection and maternal health outcomes. METHODS: We used the 2017 US birth certificate dataset (a cross-section of 1.4 million birth records) to assess the association between prevalent HCV infection and gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and eclampsia. Potential confounding variables included prenatal care, age, education, smoking, presence of sexually transmitted infections (STIs), body mass index (BMI), and weight gain during pregnancy. We restricted our analysis to only women with a first singleton pregnancy. Odds ratios were estimated by logistic regression models and separate models were tested for white and Black women. RESULTS: Only 0.31% of the women in our sample were infected with HCV (n = 4412). In an unadjusted model, we observed a modest significant protective association between HCV infection and gestational diabetes (Odds ratio [OR]: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.76-0.96); but this was attenuated with adjustment for confounding variables (Adjusted odds ratio [AOR]: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.76, 1.02). There was no association between HCV and gestational hypertension (AOR: 1.03; 95% CI: 0.91, 1.16) or eclampsia (AOR: 1.15; 95% CI: 0.69, 1.93). Results from the race stratified models were similar to the non-stratified summary models. CONCLUSION: We observed no statistically significant associations between maternal HCV infection with maternal health outcomes. Although, our analysis did indicate that HCV may lower the risk of gestational diabetes, this may be attributable to confounding. Studies utilizing more accurately measured HCV infection including those collecting type and timing of testing, and timing of infection are warranted to ensure HCV does not adversely impact maternal and/or fetal health. Particularly in the absence of recommended therapy for HCV during pregnancy.
Risk Factors Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Heterogeneity in Chinese Pregnant Women: A Case-Control Study.; PURPOSE: To study the risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) heterogeneity, and to evaluate the correlation between the risk factors and obesity. METHODS: We performed a case-control study of 452 women with GDM and 516 women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at the first and second trimester. We defined GDM women as GDM-resistance subtype, GDM-dysfunction subtype, and GDM-mixed subtype, according to their simultaneous insulin-release test with predominant insulin-sensitivity defect, insulin-secretion defect, or both defects. RESULTS: We found that higher maternal age, family history of diabetes, the elevated level of fasting blood glucose in the first trimester (≥5.1 mmol/L) were risk factors of all GDM subtypes. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and the increased gestational weight gain (GWG) in the first-trimester are risk factors of the GDM-resistance subtype. Indicators including younger age at first menstruation, the elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), total bile acid (TBA), triglyceride (TG), and the decreased level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are risk factors of the GDM-resistance subtype. However, the associations between those risk factors and GDM-resistance subtype attenuated after adjusted by pre-pregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) in the first trimester. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the improved level of TG are independent risk factors for the GDM-resistance subtype and the GDM-mixed subtype, respectively. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM exhibited heterogeneity based on glycemic physiology and their risk factors are not all the same. Some obesity-related risk factors are specific to the GDM-resistance subtype, which are mediated by pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and the elevated GWG the first-trimester.
Maternal obesogenic diet enhances cholestatic liver disease in offspring.; Human and animal model data show that maternal obesity promotes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring and alters bile acid (BA) homeostasis. Here we investigated whether offspring exposed to maternal obesogenic diets exhibited greater cholestatic injury. We fed female C57Bl6 mice conventional chow (CON) or high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet and then bred them with lean males. Offspring were fed 3,5-diethoxycarbonyl-1,4-dihydrocollidine (DDC) for 2 weeks to induce cholestasis, and a subgroup was then fed CON for an additional 10 days. Additionally, to evaluate the role of the gut microbiome, we fed antibiotic-treated mice cecal contents from CON or HF/HS offspring, followed by DDC for 2 weeks. We found that HF/HS offspring fed DDC exhibited increased fine branching of the bile duct (ductular reaction) and fibrosis but did not differ in BA pool size or intrahepatic BA profile compared to offspring of mice fed CON. We also found that after 10 days recovery, HF/HS offspring exhibited sustained ductular reaction and periportal fibrosis, while lesions in CON offspring were resolved. In addition, cecal microbiome transplant from HF/HS offspring donors worsened ductular reaction, inflammation, and fibrosis in mice fed DDC. Finally, transfer of the microbiome from HF/HS offspring replicated the cholestatic liver injury phenotype. Taken together, we conclude that maternal HF/HS diet predisposes offspring to increased cholestatic injury after DDC feeding and delays recovery after returning to CON diets. These findings highlight the impact of maternal obesogenic diet on hepatobiliary injury and repair pathways during experimental cholestasis.
Fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy - An observational cohort study.; AIMS: Non-invasive hepatic steatosis indices can be used to assess the risk for metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This may be helpful to detect metabolic disorders in pregnancy, specifically gestational diabetes (GDM). We aimto examine the association of these indices with parameters of glucose metabolism. METHODS: 109 women underwent a metabolic characterization at 16 weeks of gestation andwere classified according to the fatty-liver index (FLI) andhepatic-steatosis index (HSI) into low (G1), intermediate (G2) and high risk (G3). At 26 weeks, participants received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to assess insulin action, β-cell function and GDM status. RESULTS: Both MAFLD indices wereassociated with impaired insulin sensitivityand compensatory increase of insulin release. G3 groups showedimpaired insulin action. The higher circulating insulin concentrations were not able to compensate for insulin resistance in women with higher MAFLD scores, resulting in an increased risk of GDM(OR: 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.08, p < 0.001 for FLI). MAFLD scores were associated with fetal overgrowth. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal MAFLD represents a high-risk obstetric condition. Hepatic steatosis indices are associated with impaired glucose regulation and may provide a useful tool for early risk assessment for impaired glucose metabolism.
Impact of Transgenerational Nutrition on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Development: Interplay between Gut Microbiota, Epigenetics and Immunity.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the most prevalent pediatric liver disorder, primarily attributed to dietary shifts in recent years. NAFLD is characterized by the accumulation of lipid species in hepatocytes, leading to liver inflammation that can progress to steatohepatitis, fibrosis, and cirrhosis. Risk factors contributing to NAFLD encompass genetic variations and metabolic disorders such as obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Moreover, transgenerational influences, resulting in an imbalance of gut microbial composition, epigenetic modifications, and dysregulated hepatic immune responses in offspring, play a pivotal role in pediatric NAFLD development. Maternal nutrition shapes the profile of microbiota-derived metabolites in offspring, exerting significant influence on immune system regulation and the development of metabolic syndrome in offspring. In this review, we summarize recent evidence elucidating the intricate interplay between gut microbiota, epigenetics, and immunity in fetuses exposed to maternal nutrition, and its impact on the onset of NAFLD in offspring. Furthermore, potential therapeutic strategies targeting this network are also discussed.
Maternal exposure to phenanthrene during gestation disturbs glucose homeostasis in adult mouse offspring.; Epidemiological studies have indicated that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons were related to diabetes and insulin resistance. However, studies in mammals on the development of diabetes caused by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are lacking. Pregnant mice were orally exposed to phenanthrene (0, 60 and 600 μg kg(-1) body weight) once every 3 days during gestation. In adult mouse offspring, in-utero phenanthrene exposure caused glucose intolerance and decreased insulin levels in females, while caused elevated fasting blood glucose and insulin levels in males. Serum resistin and interleukin-6 levels were elevated in offspring of both sexes. Serum adiponectin levels were decreased in females but increased in males. The insulin receptor signals were upregulated in the liver and downregulated in the skeletal muscle of F1 females, while they were inhibited in both tissues of F1 males. The visceral fat weight and body weight of the treated mice were not increased, suggesting that phenanthrene is not an obesogen, which is supported by the nonsignificant alteration in pparγ transcription in visceral adipose tissue. The transcription of retn in visceral adipose tissue was upregulated in both sexes, and that of adipoq was downregulated in females but upregulated in males, which were matched with the promoter methylation levels of these genes. The results indicated that phenanthrene exposure during gestation could disturb adipocytokine levels via epigenetic modification in adult offspring, and further influence glucose metabolism. These results might be helpful for understanding nonobesogenic pollutant-induced insulin resistance and preventing against diabetes without obesity.
The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors under epigenetic control in placental metabolism and fetal development.; The placental metabolism can adapt to the environment throughout pregnancy to both the demands of the fetus and the signals from the mother. Such adaption processes include epigenetic mechanisms, which alter gene expression and may influence the offspring's health. These mechanisms are linked to the diversity of prenatal environmental exposures, including maternal under- or overnutrition or gestational diabetes. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are nuclear receptors that contribute to the developmental plasticity of the placenta by regulating lipid and glucose metabolism pathways, including lipogenesis, steroidogenesis, glucose transporters, and placental signaling pathways, thus representing a link between energy metabolism and reproduction. Among the PPAR isoforms, PPARγ appears to be the main modulator of mammalian placentation. Certain fatty acids and lipid-derived moieties are the natural activating PPAR ligands. By controlling the amounts of maternal nutrients that go across to the fetus, the PPARs play an important regulatory role in placenta metabolism, thereby adapting to the maternal nutritional status. As demonstrated in animal studies, maternal nutrition during gestation can exert long-term influences on the PPAR methylation pattern in offspring organs. This review underlines the current state of knowledge on the relationship between environmental factors and the epigenetic regulation of the PPARs in placenta metabolism and offspring development.
Body composition trajectories from birth to 5 years and hepatic fat in early childhood.; BACKGROUND: Adiposity is an established risk factor for pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but little is known about the influence of body composition patterns earlier in life on NAFLD risk. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to examine associations of body composition at birth and body composition trajectories from birth to early childhood with hepatic fat in early childhood. METHODS: Data were from the longitudinal Healthy Start Study in Colorado. Fat-free mass index (FFMI), fat mass index (FMI), percentage body fat (BF%), and BMI were assessed at birth and/or ∼5 y in >1200 children by air displacement plethysmography and anthropometrics. In a subset (n = 285), hepatic fat was also assessed at ∼5 y by MRI. We used a 2-stage modeling approach: first, we fit body composition trajectories from birth to early childhood using mixed models with participant-specific intercepts and linear slopes (i.e., individual deviations from the population average at birth and rate of change per year, respectively); second, associations of participant-specific trajectory deviations with hepatic fat were assessed by multivariable-adjusted linear regression. RESULTS: Participant-specific intercepts at birth for FFMI, FMI, BF%, and BMI were inversely associated with log-hepatic fat in early childhood in models adjusted for offspring demographics and maternal/prenatal variables [back-transformed β (95% CI) per 1 SD: 0.93 (0.88, 0.99), 0.94 (0.88, 0.99), 0.94 (0.89, 0.99), and 0.90 (0.85, 0.96), respectively]. Whereas, faster velocities for BF% and BMI from birth to ∼5 y were positively associated with log-hepatic fat [back-transformed β (95% CI) per 1 SD: 1.08 (1.01, 1.15) and 1.08 (1.02, 1.15), respectively]. These latter associations of BF% and BMI velocities with childhood hepatic fat were attenuated to the null when adjusted for participant-specific intercepts at birth. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that a smaller birth weight, combined with faster adiposity accretion in the first 5 y, predicts higher hepatic fat in early childhood. Strategies aiming to promote healthy body composition early in life may be critical for pediatric NAFLD prevention.This study was registered voluntarily at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02273297.
Gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.; The development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a major contributing factor to the worldwide health burden of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Insulin resistance, subclinical inflammation, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension are all factors in this reciprocal interaction that contribute to the development of MASLD, which includes hepatocellular carcinoma, advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). A new risk factor for MASLD/NASH that affects the course of the disease independently throughout life is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with a history of GDM had a higher chance of developing NASH, according to a recent study that used a large-scale database. Although the precise etiology is yet unknown, temporary disruption of pancreatic beta cell activity during pregnancy may set off systemic inflammation, affecting distant organs including the liver. Early screening and management strategies are crucial in mitigating MASLD progression and preventing adverse cardiovascular events in affected individuals.
[Acute fatty liver of pregnancy].; BACKGROUND: Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a rare complication of pregnancy which is potentially fatal to mother and child. CASE DESCRIPTION: A primigravida at term with gestational diabetes presented at hospital complaining mainly of nausea and vomiting. Test results were consistent with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). Due to the seriousness and rapid progression of the disease, we strove for a rapid delivery. The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit, but was eventually able to leave hospital in a good condition with a healthy child. CONCLUSION: AFLP is a rare and potentially dangerous condition of pregnancy and requires multidisciplinary collaboration. Knowledge of clinical symptoms, early diagnosis, treatment and anticipation of expected complications is essential to prevent the death of mother and child. Diabetes gravidarum can complicate the making of the diagnosis. More research into potential early diagnostics or screening instruments and the long-term outcomes for mother and child is necessary.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. METHODS: Using weighted discharge data from the US national inpatient sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLDs) or no CLD. Study outcomes included preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. RESULTS: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p <0.001). Compared to the other groups, patients with NAFLD during pregnancy more frequently experienced gestational diabetes (7-8% vs. 23%), hypertensive complications (4% vs. 16%), postpartum hemorrhage (3-5% vs. 6%), and preterm birth (5-7% vs. 9%), all p values ≤0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage and possibly maternal (but not fetal) death. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and preterm birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care. LAY SUMMARY: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy has almost tripled over the past 10 years. Having NAFLD during pregnancy increases risks for both the mother and the baby, including hypertensive complications of pregnancy, bleeding after delivery, and preterm birth. Thus, pre-conception counseling is warranted with consideration of high-risk obstetric management among women with NAFLD in pregnancy.
Lipodystrophy, Diabetes and Normal Serum Insulin in PPARγ-Deficient Neonatal Mice.; Peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) is a pleiotropic ligand activated transcription factor that acts in several tissues to regulate adipocyte differentiation, lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis. PPARγ also regulates cardiomyocyte homeostasis and by virtue of its obligate role in placental development is required for embryonic survival. To determine the postnatal functions of PPARγ in vivo we studied globally deficient neonatal mice produced by epiblast-restricted elimination of PPARγ. PPARγ-rescued placentas support development of PPARγ-deficient embryos that are viable and born in near normal numbers. However, PPARγ-deficient neonatal mice show severe lipodystrophy, lipemia, hepatic steatosis with focal hepatitis, relative insulin deficiency and diabetes beginning soon after birth and culminating in failure to thrive and neonatal lethality between 4 and 10 days of age. These abnormalities are not observed with selective PPARγ2 deficiency or with deficiency restricted to hepatocytes, skeletal muscle, adipocytes, cardiomyocytes, endothelium or pancreatic beta cells. These observations suggest important but previously unappreciated functions for PPARγ1 in the neonatal period either alone or in combination with PPARγ2 in lipid metabolism, glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity.
The Diabetes Risk Phenotype of Young Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes.; CONTEXT: The pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is still incompletely understood. In-depth phenotyping of young individuals at risk for T2D can contribute to the understanding of this process. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to metabolically characterize women with recent gestational diabetes (GDM), an at-risk cohort for T2D. STUDY PARTICIPANTS: Participants were 147 women consecutively recruited 3 to 16 months after pregnancy: women who had GDM and women after a normoglycemic pregnancy (control subjects) in a 2:1 ratio. DESIGN: This was a monocenter cross-sectional analysis (Prediction, Prevention and Subclassification of Type 2 Diabetes Study [PPS-Diab]). METHODS: A 5-point oral glucose tolerance test with calculation of the insulin sensitivity index and disposition index (validation by euglycemic clamp and intravenous glucose tolerance test) was performed. In addition, anthropometrics, medical and family history, clinical chemistry and biomarkers, statistical modeling, and a magnetic resonance imaging/magnetic resonance spectroscopy substudy (body fat distribution and liver and muscle fat; n = 66) were obtained. RESULTS: Compared with control subjects, women after GDM had a reduced disposition index, higher levels of plasma fetuin-A, and a lower insulin sensitivity index. A low insulin sensitivity index was also the major determinant of pathological glucose tolerance after GDM. The factors most strongly predictive of low insulin sensitivity were high plasma leptin, body mass index, triglycerides, and waist circumference. Ectopic lipids showed no body mass index-independent associations with having had GDM or low insulin sensitivity in a magnetic resonance imaging substudy. CONCLUSIONS: We found that β-cell function is already impaired in women with recent GDM, a young at-risk cohort for T2D. In addition, our data suggest that fetuin-A and leptin signaling may be important early contributors to the pathogenesis of T2D, at this disease stage equally or more relevant than ectopic lipids and low-grade inflammation.
Effect of intrauterine growth retardation on liver and long-term metabolic risk.; Intrauterine growth retardation predisposes toward long-term morbidity from type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the concept of programming was introduced to indicate a process whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical period of development has lasting or lifelong consequences on key endocrine and metabolic pathways. Subtle changes in cell composition of tissues, induced by suboptimal conditions in utero, can influence postnatal physiological functions. There is increasing evidence, suggesting that liver may represent one of the candidate organs targeted by programming, undergoing structural, functional and epigenetic changes following exposure to an unfavorable intrauterine environment. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying liver programming that contribute to increase the cardiometabolic risk in subjects with intrauterine growth restriction.
Adiponectin Deficiency Impairs Maternal Metabolic Adaptation to Pregnancy in Mice.; Hypoadiponectinemia has been widely observed in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To investigate the causal role of hypoadiponectinemia in GDM, adiponectin gene knockout (Adipoq(-/-) ) and wild-type (WT) mice were crossed to produce pregnant mouse models with or without adiponectin deficiency. Adenoviral vector-mediated in vivo transduction was used to reconstitute adiponectin during late pregnancy. Results showed that Adipoq(-/-) dams developed glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia in late pregnancy. Increased fetal body weight was detected in Adipoq(-/-) dams. Adiponectin reconstitution abolished these metabolic defects in Adipoq(-/-) dams. Hepatic glucose and triglyceride production rates of Adipoq(-/-) dams were significantly higher than those of WT dams. Robustly enhanced lipolysis was found in gonadal fat of Adipoq(-/-) dams. Interestingly, similar levels of insulin-induced glucose disposal and insulin signaling in metabolically active tissues in Adipoq(-/-) and WT dams indicated that maternal adiponectin deficiency does not reduce insulin sensitivity. However, remarkably decreased serum insulin concentrations were observed in Adipoq(-/-) dams. Furthermore, β-cell mass, but not glucose-stimulated insulin release, in Adipoq(-/-) dams was significantly reduced compared with WT dams. Together, these results demonstrate that adiponectin plays an important role in controlling maternal metabolic adaptation to pregnancy.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Is Strongly Associated With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.; OBJECTIVES: Insulin resistance is central to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD in middle age. METHODS: Women from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered ≥1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n=1,115). History of GDM by self-report, validated in a subsample by review of antenatal glucose testing, and metabolic risk factors were assessed prospectively. NAFLD was defined by liver attenuation (LA)≤40 Hounsfield Units on CT scan after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS: Of 1,115 women meeting selection criteria (57% black, 43% white, median age 25 years at baseline), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met the CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. The crude risk of NAFLD at the 25-year visit was significantly higher in women with GDM compared to those without (14 vs. 5.8%, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, P<0.01). History of GDM remained associated with NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, P=0.01) after adjustment for covariates in multivariable logistic regression. Addition of incident diabetes mellitus (DM) into the final model attenuated the association between GDM and NAFLD (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 0.73-3.02, P=0.28). CONCLUSION: GDM is a risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify women at risk for NAFLD at a young age and may be mediated by the development of incident DM.
Maternal One-Carbon Supplement Reduced the Risk of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Male Offspring.; Recent studies have suggested that prevention of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) should start with maternal dietary management. We previously reported disrupted methionine cycle, associated with NAFLD, in male offspring liver due to maternal high-fat (HF) diet, thus we hypothesize that maternal one-carbon supplement may reduce the risk of NAFLD in offspring via the normalizing methionine cycle. To test it, female mice (F0) were exposed to either a maternal normal-fat diet (NF group) a maternal HF diet (HF group), or a maternal methyl donor supplement (H1S or H2S group) during gestation and lactation. The offspring male mice (F1) were exposed to a postweaning HF diet to promote NAFLD. While the HF offspring displayed obesity, glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis, the H1S and H2S offspring avoided hepatic steatosis. This phenotype was associated with the normalization of the methionine cycle and the restoration of L-carnitine and AMPK activity. Furthermore, maternal HF diet induced epigenetic regulation of important genes involved in fatty acid oxidation and oxidative phosphorylation via DNA methylation modifications, which were recovered by maternal one-carbon supplementation. Our study provides evidence that maternal one-carbon supplement can reverse/block the adverse effects of maternal HF diet on promoting offspring NAFLD, suggesting a potential nutritional strategy that is administered to mothers to prevent NAFLD in the offspring.
Maternal hepatitis B infection status and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis.; PURPOSE: To investigate the association between maternal HBsAg-positive status and pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: The study enrolled women with singleton pregnancies who delivered during January-December 2018. Data of maternal demographics and main adverse pregnancy outcomes were collected from the institutional medical records and analyzed by univariate and multivariate logistic regression models to determine the association between maternal HBV markers (HBsAg/HBeAg/HBV-DNA loads status) and adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: Total 1146 HBsAg-positive and 18,354 HBsAg-negative pregnant women were included. After adjusting for potential confounding variables, maternal HBsAg-positive status was associated with a high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 1.24; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07-1.43], intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (aOR = 3.83; 95% CI 3.14-4.68), preterm birth (aOR = 1.42; 95% CI 1.17-1.72), and neonatal asphyxia (aOR = 2.20; 95% CI 1.34-3.63). Further, higher risks of ICP and neonatal asphyxia remained with either HBeAg-positive status (aOR = 1.64; 95% CI 1.10-2.44; aOR = 3.08; 95% CI 1.17-8.00) or high HBV-DNA load during the second trimester (aOR = 1.52; 95% CI 1.06-2.35; aOR = 4.20; 95% CI 4.20-15.83) among HBsAg-positive pregnant women. CONCLUSION: Women with maternal HBsAg-positive status may have increased risks of GDM, ICP, preterm birth, and neonatal asphyxia; furthermore, the risks of ICP and neonatal asphyxia were higher in women with HBeAg-positive status and a high HBV-DNA load during the second trimester among the HBsAg-positive pregnant women, implying that careful surveillance for chronic HBV infection during pregnancy is warranted.
TDAG51 Attenuates Impaired Lipid Metabolism and Insulin Resistance in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Through SREBP-1/ANGPTL8 Pathway.; BACKGROUND: T-cell death-associated gene 51 (TDAG51) belongs to the transcription factor family and is involved in the energy homeostasis of the liver through the regulation of lipogenesis. AIMS: To evaluate the role of T-cell death-associated gene 51 in gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Experimental animal and human-sample study. METHODS: A total of 30 patients with GDM were enrolled in the study. TDAG51 expression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus was assessed by Western blotting and quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. A high-fat and high-sugar diet was used to establish a gestational diabetes mellitus model. Mice with gestational diabetes were injected with lentivirus-mediated overexpression of TDAG51. Blood glucose was measured using a glucometer, and glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed to detect insulin resistance. Liver and adipose tissues were subjected to hematoxylin-eosin staining. Cell apoptosis was detected by TUNEL staining. Human villous trophoblast cells (HTR-8/SVneo) were treated with a high-glucose medium to induce gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: TDAG51 was downregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. TDAG51 overexpression reduced the level of blood glucose, enhanced serum insulin, and attenuated glucose and insulin tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression also ameliorated impaired lipid metabolism and alleviated adipocyte hypertrophy and hepatic lipid droplets in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. The expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 were upregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and showed a negative correlation with TDAG51 in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. TDAG51 increased the expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression reduced cell apoptosis and enhanced cell viability of high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. Ectopic expression of ANGPTL8 attenuated the TDAG51-induced increase in cell viability and decrease in apoptosis in high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. CONCLUSION: TDAG51 alleviated impaired lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus via downregulation of SREBP 1/ANGPTL8 pathway.
Multifactorial diabetes insipidus during pregnancy: a challenging diagnosis.; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is characterised by thirst and polydipsia with hypotonic polyuria. Several forms exist, namely, central or pituitary, nephrogenic and gestational and must be differentiated for adequate treatment. We describe the case of a 41-year-old woman chronically infected with HIV who had been recently medicated with a tenofovir-based antiretroviral treatment and who, at 22 weeks of pregnancy, presented with transient gestational DI. Obstetric ultrasound revealed oligohydramnios and foetal growth restriction that did not improve despite serum sodium correction. The severity of the case suggested the presence of an underlying disorder and elevated copeptin levels indicated that an underlying subclinical form of nephrogenic DI, possibly induced by HIV-related nephropathy or tenofovir use, was present and rendered clinically overt during pregnancy.
Risk factors related to postpartum hepatic inflammation in pregnant women with chronic hepatitis B.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate liver function after pregnancy in women with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) and factors related to postpartum abnormalities. METHODS: A total of 317 pregnant women were included in this study and 138 had an HBV DNA level. In this trial, the highest number and proportion of hepatitis B surface antigen-positive mothers with postpartum hepatic inflammation were at 1 month after delivery. RESULTS: Baseline liver function of postpartum women with hepatic inflammation was significantly higher than that in those before delivery. The rates of hepatitis B e-antigen (HBeAg)-positive status, baseline HBV DNA levels, gestational diabetes mellitus, and antiviral therapy during pregnancy were significantly higher in the hepatic inflammation group than in the control group. Among the 138 women who received antiviral therapy, 83 withdrew from antiviral therapy immediately after delivery and 55 continued antiviral therapy for at least 1 month after delivery. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that HBeAg-positivity and gestational diabetes mellitus were associated with hepatic inflammation after delivery. Postpartum hepatic inflammation occurred mostly at 1 month after delivery in pregnant women with HBV infection. CONCLUSIONS: Close monitoring of women with HBV during pregnancy is required, especially for those who are HBeAg-positive and have gestational diabetes mellitus.
Developmental Timing of High-Fat Diet Exposure Impacts Glucose Homeostasis in Mice in a Sex-Specific Manner.; We previously demonstrated that male, but not female, Swiss Webster mice are susceptible to diabetes, with incidence increased by early overnutrition and high-fat diet (HFD). In this study, we investigated how HFD in Swiss Webster males and females during preweaning, peripubertal, and postpubertal periods alters glucose homeostasis and diabetes susceptibility. In males, HFD throughout life resulted in the highest diabetes incidence. Notably, switching to chow postpuberty was protective against diabetes relative to switching to chow at weaning, despite the longer period of HFD exposure. Similarly, HFD throughout life in males resulted in less liver steatosis relative to mice with shorter duration of postpubertal HFD. Thus, HFD timing relative to weaning and puberty, not simply exposure length, contributes to metabolic outcomes. Females were protected from hyperglycemia regardless of length or timing of HFD. However, postpubertal HFD resulted in a high degree of hepatic steatosis and adipose fibrosis, but glucose regulation and insulin sensitivity remained unchanged. Interestingly, peri-insulitis was observed in the majority of females but was not correlated with impaired glucose regulation. Our findings reveal critical periods of HFD-induced glucose dysregulation with striking sex differences in Swiss Webster mice, highlighting the importance of careful consideration of HFD timing relative to critical developmental periods.
Transcriptomic responses are sex-dependent in the skeletal muscle and liver in offspring of obese mice.; Infants born to obese mothers are more likely to develop metabolic disease, including glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis, in adult life. We examined the effects of maternal obesity on the transcriptome of skeletal muscle and liver tissues of the near-term fetus and 3-mo-old offspring in mice born to dams fed a high-fat and -sugar diet. Previously, we have shown that male, but not female, offspring develop glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and liver steatosis at 3 mo old. Female C57BL6/J mice were fed normal chow or an obesogenic high-calorie diet before mating and throughout pregnancy. RNAseq was performed on the liver and gastrocnemius muscle following collection from fetuses on embryonic day 18.5 (E18.5) as well as from 3-mo-old offspring from obese dams and control dams. Significant genes were generated for each sex, queried for enrichment, and modeled to canonical pathways. RNAseq was corroborated by protein quantification in offspring. The transcriptomic response to maternal obesity in the liver was more marked in males than females. However, in both male and female offspring of obese dams, we found significant enrichment for fatty acid metabolism, mitochondrial transport, and oxidative stress in the liver transcriptomes as well as decreased protein concentrations of electron transport chain members. In skeletal muscle, pathway analysis of gene expression revealed sexual dimorphic patterns, including metabolic processes of fatty acids and glucose, as well as PPAR, AMPK, and PI3K-Akt signaling pathways. Transcriptomic responses to maternal obesity in skeletal muscle were more marked in female offspring than males. Female offspring had greater expression of genes associated with glucose uptake, and protein abundance reflected greater activation of mTOR signaling. Skeletal muscle and livers in mice born to obese dams had sexually dimorphic transcriptomic responses that changed from the fetus to the adult offspring. These data provide insights into mechanisms underpinning metabolic programming in maternal obesity.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Transcriptomic data support that fetuses of obese mothers modulate metabolism in both muscle and liver. These changes were strikingly sexually dimorphic in agreement with published findings that male offspring of obese dams exhibit pronounced metabolic disease earlier. In both males and females, the transcriptomic responses in the fetus were different than those at 3 mo, implicating adaptive mechanisms throughout adulthood.
The Association of Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Elevated alanine amino transferase, attributed to nonalcoholic fatty liver, is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. We sought to determine whether maternal ALT values are associated with subsequent development of gestational diabetes. METHODS: We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected in early gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or alcohol use. We included 83 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 247 controls matched for prepregnancy body-mass index (BMI) and compared ALT values. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with ALT ≥19 U/L, stratified by prepregnancy BMI. RESULTS: The median (interquartile range) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in controls (P = 0.07). Among women with a prepregnancy BMI <30 kg/m(2), ALT ≥19 U/L was associated with a fourfold increased odds of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no such association among obese women (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]). Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased odds of GDM in nonobese (aOR 3.15 [1.04,9.54]), but not obese (aOR 3.15 [0.30,3.15]) women. CONCLUSION: The association of high normal ALT and later GDM in nonobese women may reflect the role of hepatic insulin resistance and visceral obesity.
Pregnancy outcomes among chronic carriers of hepatitis B virus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcomes of women with chronic HBV infection with those of HBV-negative women. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was undertaken to analyze singleton pregnancies of women without medical/surgical disease and with known HBsAg status. Pregnancy outcome measures were compared among the control group, women with positive HBsAg status (case group), and those with positive HBeAg status. RESULTS: Among 26 350 enrolled pregnant women, 21 812 in the control group and 1446 in the case group were compared. Only the proportion of preterm births was significantly higher among pregnancies with positive HBsAg status (RR 1.013 [95% CI, 1.001-1.025]). Among women with positive HBsAg status who had been screened for HBeAg, GDM was significantly higher among women with positive HBeAg status (RR 1.434 [95% CI, 0.999-2.057]). Preterm births and low birth weight were also significantly higher among women with positive HBeAg status (RR 1.250 [95% CI, 1.000-1.563] and 1.258 [95% CI, 1.053-1.505], respectively). CONCLUSION: Chronic carriers of HBV had a minimally increased risk of preterm birth and low birth weight but the risk was more pronounced in women with positive HBeAg status. Women with positive HBeAg status also had an increased risk of GDM.
Urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein change in gestational diabetes mellitus.; We compared urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein (L-FABP) among non-pregnant and pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Higher urinary L-FABP was found in pregnant with and without GDM, and considerably higher urinary L-FABP was found in the GDM group compared with the non-GDM group. Hyperglycemia and anemia were related with high urinary L-FABP expression.
The correlation analysis of primary liver cancer with Type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between Type 2 diabetes and primary liver cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the period from December 2008 to December 2014, all blood sugar data of patients in our hospital was collected, and the total number is 18213. Except for repeatedly hospitalized diabetic person, newborn stress status, or venous transfusion blood glucose, gestational diabetes, etc., By retrieving the medical record information of patients in the hospital, and using telephone or letter follow-up the patients, we collected 127 people with type 1 diabetes and found no liver cancer patients; Type 2 diabetes, 10,794 cases of patient information, 59 with primary liver cancer. For data analysis, Stata11.0 ratio was used as the main analysis indicators, using Chi-square test and statistical analysis. RESULTS: About 10,794 Type 2 diabetes cases with 59 primary liver cancer, the incidence is 54.66/10,000, men liver cancer incidence (92.78/10,000) than women (27.13/10,000), with significant difference (χ2 = 26.621, P < 0.001). As the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly (χ2 = 19.961, P = 0.001). The rate was highest for 50-60-year-old men, and the women at age 70, and older incidence is highest. Irrespective of men or women with diabetes as the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer had significantly increased (P = 0.001, P = 0.002). Hepatitis B or hepatitis C incidence was 2.94%, but diabetes incidence of hepatitis men (3.98%) and women (2.01%) did not find significant differences (χ2 = 0.3361, P = 0.562). Three hundred and seventeen cases of Type 2 diabetes with hepatitis, the incidence of primary liver cancer was 11.67%, the liver cancer incidence of diabetes patients with hepatitis men (17.78%) than women (3.97%), with significant difference (χ2 = 37.429, P < 0.001). With the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer (χ2 =15.023, P = 0.01) of diabetes and hepatitis patients is significantly increased, and with the growth of age, the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05), but not the female patients. Without merge hepatitis, the morbility of primary liver cancer in 10477 cases of type2 diabetes incidence is 0.21%, the liver cancer incidence men (0.34%) than women (0.11%), with significant difference (χ2 = 6.471, P = 0.011).As the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer of diabetes patients without hepatits is significantly increased (χ2 =15.612, P = 0.008) ,and the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05) as the growth of the age, but not the female patients. Diabetic persons according to the illness time can be divided into 0-5 years, 5-10 years, 10-20 years, and over 20 years of four stages, including 5-10 years and 10-20 years is liver cancer patients with diabetes incidence peak, male diabetic hepatitis in patients with liver cancer incidence than women, with significant difference (χ2 = 22.757, P < 0.001). The possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly (χ2 = 15.023, P = 0.01) for longer duration of illness, but only the male patients with liver cancer incidence showed significant difference with longer duration of illness, women showed no significance. CONCLUSION: Diabetes was associated with the primary liver cancer, most likely is one of the causes of primary liver cancer.
A new approach to drug therapy in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH).; Liver steatosis is a common human disease, most often caused by long-term alcohol consumption. Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is characterized by similar histopathological features to those observed in alcoholic liver disease, but occurs in the absence of significant alcohol consumption. Several aetiological factors contribute to NASH: obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidaemia, pregnancy, different chemical intoxications, parenteral nutrition, jejeuno-ileal bypass, chronic inflammatory bowel disease, nutritional protein deficiency and congenital metabolic disorders. Biochemically, oxidative stress and lipid peroxidation and their ensuing damage are implicated in the pathogenesis of NASH and alcoholic steatohepatitis (probably resulting from free fatty acids in the mitochondria, and induction of the cytochrome P450 isoform CYP2E1 in hepatocytes and Kupffer's cells). This paper deals with the pathomechanisms, clinical findings and currently available therapies for NASH. The potential use of metadoxine in the treatment of NASH is also discussed.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the association with pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: Twenty-two studies, with 13,641 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 6.00; 95% CI, 2.21-16.31; P<0.001; n=7), baseline Hypertension (OR, 3.75; 95% CI, 2.13-6.59; P<0.001; n=4), gestational hypertension (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.03-3.26; P=0.041; n=2), and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.46-4.04; P=0.001; n=3). The odds for a past and current history of gestational diabetes mellitus were OR, 3.78; 95% CI, 2.21-6.44; P<0.001; n=5 and OR, 3.23; 95% CI, 1.97- 5.31; P<0.001; n=6, respectively. As for fetal outcomes, pregnant NAFLD patients were significantly more likely to have a premature birth (OR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.44-2.85; P<0.001; n=4), large for gestational age birth (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.72-2.37; P<0.001; n=2) or a history of prior miscarriage or abortion (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.02-1.30; P=0.02; n=2). Egger's regression revealed no evidence of publication bias (P>0.05). CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis provides pooled evidence that NAFLD is associated with a substantial increase in maternal diabetic and hypertensive complications and multiple adverse fetal outcomes. This data is important for clinicians managing these patients before, during and after pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: In common with type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a propensity for hepatic fat deposition. We hypothesised that GDM predicts future lifetime risk of serious liver-disease outcomes, such as cirrhosis, liver failure and need for transplantation. METHODS: From population-based administrative databases, we identified all women in Ontario, Canada, who had a pregnancy resulting in live birth between April 1994 and March 2002 (N = 698,078). This population was stratified into individuals with (n = 17,932) and without (n = 680,146) GDM, and both groups were further stratified according to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes in the years after delivery. The median follow-up for the development of serious liver disease (defined as hospitalisation for cirrhosis, liver failure or transplantation) was 14.0 years. RESULTS: Women with GDM had a higher risk of serious liver disease than those without GDM (n = 680,146; HR = 1.40, 95% CI 1.01, 1.94). Compared with women who did not have GDM and did not develop diabetes (n = 635,998), those with GDM who subsequently developed type 2 diabetes (n = 8567) had a higher risk of serious liver disease (adjusted HR = 1.56, 95% CI 1.02, 2.39), as did those without GDM who developed type 2 diabetes (n = 44,148; adjusted HR = 2.48, 95% CI 2.10, 2.93), but not those with GDM who did not develop type 2 diabetes (n = 9365; adjusted HR = 1.15, 95% CI 0.69, 1.91). CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: GDM is associated with future risk of serious liver disease in young women, the development of which may be dependent upon progression to non-gestational diabetes.
Early life factors and their relevance for markers of cardiometabolic risk in early adulthood.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Early life exposures could be pertinent risk factors of cardiometabolic diseases in adulthood. We assessed the prospective associations of early life factors with markers of cardiometabolic risk among healthy German adults. METHODS AND RESULTS: We examined 348 term-born DONALD Study participants with measurement of fasting blood at the age of 18-24 years to assess metabolic indices: fatty liver index (FLI), hepatic steatosis index (HSI), pro-inflammatory score and insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-%S). Early life factors (maternal weight in early pregnancy, maternal early pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain (GWG), maternal age, birth weight and full breastfeeding (>17 weeks)) were assessed at enrolment of the offspring into the study. Multivariable linear regression models were used to analyze associations between early life factors and markers of cardiometabolic risk in early adulthood with adjustment for potential confounders. A higher early pregnancy BMI was related to notably higher levels of offspring FLI, HSI, pro-inflammatory score and a lower HOMA2-%S (all p < 0.0001). Similarly, a higher gestational weight gain was associated with a higher FLI (p = 0.044), HSI (p = 0.016), pro-inflammatory score (p = 0.032) and a lower HOMA2-%S among females (p = 0.034). Full breastfeeding was associated with a lower adult FLI (p = 0.037). A casual mediation analysis showed that these associations were mediated by offspring adult waist circumference (WC). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that early pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, and full breastfeeding are relevant for offspring markers of cardiometabolic risk which seems to be mediated by body composition in young adulthood.
Maternal Diet Quality During Pregnancy and Offspring Hepatic Fat in Early Childhood: The Healthy Start Study.; BACKGROUND: Overnutrition in utero may increase offspring risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the specific contribution of maternal diet quality during pregnancy to this association remains understudied in humans. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to examine the associations of maternal diet quality during pregnancy with offspring hepatic fat in early childhood (median: 5 y old, range: 4-8 y old). METHODS: Data were from 278 mother-child pairs in the longitudinal, Colorado-based Healthy Start Study. Multiple 24-h recalls were collected from mothers during pregnancy on a monthly basis (median: 3 recalls, range: 1-8 recalls starting after enrollment), and used to estimate maternal usual nutrient intakes and dietary pattern scores [Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII), and Relative Mediterranean Diet Score (rMED)]. Offspring hepatic fat was measured in early childhood by MRI. Associations of maternal dietary predictors during pregnancy with offspring log-transformed hepatic fat were assessed using linear regression models adjusted for offspring demographics, maternal/perinatal confounders, and maternal total energy intake. RESULTS: Higher maternal fiber intake and rMED scores during pregnancy were associated with lower offspring hepatic fat in early childhood in fully adjusted models [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 0.82 (0.72, 0.94) per 5 g/1000 kcal fiber; 0.93 (0.88, 0.99) per 1 SD for rMED]. In contrast, higher maternal total sugar and added sugar intakes, and DII scores were associated with higher offspring hepatic fat [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 1.18 (1.05, 1.32) per 5% kcal/d added sugar; 1.08 (0.99, 1.18) per 1 SD for DII]. Analyses of dietary pattern subcomponents also revealed that lower maternal intakes of green vegetables and legumes and higher intake of "empty calories" were associated with higher offspring hepatic fat in early childhood. CONCLUSIONS: Poorer maternal diet quality during pregnancy was associated with greater offspring susceptibility to hepatic fat in early childhood. Our findings provide insights into potential perinatal targets for the primordial prevention of pediatric NAFLD.
Alcohol consumption before pregnancy causes detrimental fetal development and maternal metabolic disorders.; Alcohol consumption before or during pregnancy poses serious health risks to the fetus; however, the underlying mechanisms involved remain obscure. Here, we investigated whether ethanol consumption before pregnancy affects maternal or fetal health and whether pharmacological inhibition of CYP2E1, a major ethanol oxidation enzyme, by 4-methylpyrazole (4-MP) has therapeutic effects. We found that ethanol consumption (5%) 2 weeks before pregnancy resulted in a decrease in the number of viable fetuses and abnormal fetal development, and these effects were accompanied by impaired maternal glucose homeostasis and hepatic steatosis during pregnancy. Neonates of ethanol-fed mice had postnatal macrosomia and significantly decreased growth rates during the lactation period. However, treatment with 4-MP, a CYP2E1 inhibitor, markedly ameliorated the reduction in insulin action and glucose disposal responsiveness in the livers of ethanol-fed mice. Blockage of CYP2E1 significantly reduced the alteration in hepatic lipid deposition, fatty acid oxidation, mitochondrial energy status, and macrophage infiltration observed in ethanol-fed mice. Finally, there was a positive correlation between postnatal macrosomia or growth retardation and increased inflammatory responses. Collectively, our study suggests that even moderate ethanol intake may be detrimental to fetal development and may cause growth retardation through maternal metabolic disorders.
Fetal Overnutrition and Adolescent Hepatic Fat Fraction: the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if fetal overnutrition resulting from maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased liver fat during adolescence, adjusting for past and current metabolic risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: Data come from a historical prospective cohort study (Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children) of 254 mother-child pairs in Colorado who participated in 2 research visits at T1 (mean age 10.4, SD = 1.5 years) and at T2 (mean age 16.4, SD = 1.5 years), and had complete exposure and outcome data. Multiple linear regression was used to evaluate the effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and GDM on hepatic fat fraction (HFF) by magnetic resonance imaging at T2. RESULTS: Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI 30+) was significantly associated (β = 1.59, CI = 0.66, 2.52) with increased HFF relative to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy weight (BMI <25) independent of maternal GDM and sociodemographic factors. Moreover, this association was independent of T2 and T1 metabolic risk factors (acanthosis nigricans, BMI, fasting glucose) (β = 1.03, CI = 0.10, 1.97). Prenatal GDM exposure was not associated with HFF in either unadjusted or adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with increased HFF in offspring independent of childhood and adolescent adiposity. Intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that maternal obesity is a modifiable risk factor for childhood fatty liver disease.
Aberrant DNA Methylation Mediates the Transgenerational Risk of Metabolic and Chronic Disease Due to Maternal Obesity and Overnutrition.; Maternal obesity is a rapidly evolving universal epidemic leading to acute and long-term medical and obstetric health issues, including increased maternal risks of gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and the future risks for offspring's predisposition to metabolic diseases. Epigenetic modification, in particular DNA methylation, represents a mechanism whereby environmental effects impact on the phenotypic expression of human disease. Maternal obesity or overnutrition contributes to the alterations in DNA methylation during early life which, through fetal programming, can predispose the offspring to many metabolic and chronic diseases, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. This review aims to summarize findings from human and animal studies, which support the role of maternal obesity in fetal programing and the potential benefit of altering DNA methylation to limit maternal obesity related disease in the offspring.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease as a risk factor for exaggerated metabolic and cardiovascular-renal disease.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is linked to increased risk for chronic disease. Placental ischemia and insufficiency in the mother are implicated in predisposing IUGR offspring to metabolic dysfunction, including hypertension, insulin resistance, abnormalities in glucose homeostasis, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). It is unclear whether these metabolic disturbances contribute to the developmental origins of exaggerated cardiovascular-renal disease (CVRD) risk accompanying IUGR. IUGR impacts the pancreas, adipose tissue, and liver, which are hypothesized to program for hepatic insulin resistance and subsequent NAFLD. NAFLD is projected to become the major cause of chronic liver disease and contributor to uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus, which is a leading cause of chronic kidney disease. While NAFLD is increased in experimental models of IUGR, lacking is a full comprehension of the mechanisms responsible for programming of NAFLD and whether this potentiates susceptibility to liver injury. The use of well-established and clinically relevant rodent models, which mimic the clinical characteristics of IUGR, metabolic disturbances, and increased blood pressure in the offspring, will permit investigation into mechanisms linking adverse influences during early life and later chronic health. The purpose of this review is to propose mechanisms, including those proinflammatory in nature, whereby IUGR exacerbates the pathogenesis of NAFLD and how these adverse programmed outcomes contribute to exaggerated CVRD risk. Understanding the etiology of the developmental origins of chronic disease will allow investigators to uncover treatment strategies to intervene in the mother and her offspring to halt the increasing prevalence of metabolic dysfunction and CVRD.
Chronic hepatitis B infection and the risk of gestational diabetes: a cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: An estimated two billion people worldwide live with hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. Many of these are women of reproductive age. Studies that have examined pregnancy outcomes in women living with HBV have reported conflicting results in relation to the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM). The aim of this study is to examine if gestational diabetes is more common in women with chronic HBV residing in a non-Asian country. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Victoria, Australia. POPULATION: All singleton births between 2009 and 2017. METHODS: Poisson regression was performed to determine whether gestational diabetes is more common in women with HBV than in women without HBV taking into account other risk factors such as maternal age, body mass index (BMI), parity and country of birth. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Gestational diabetes diagnosis in women with chronic HBV infection. RESULTS: For women with HBV, the unadjusted incidence risk ratio for GDM was 1.75 (95% CI 1.6-1.9). After adjusting for region of birth, BMI, parity, age and smoking, the adjusted incidence risk ratio was 1.2 (95% CI 1.1-1.3). The highest incidence (37.1%) of GDM was in women with HBV and a BMI of >40. CONCLUSIONS: The findings from this study confirm an association between HBV and GDM. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: HBV is associated with GDM with an incidence risk ratio for GDM of 1.75 (95% CI 1.6-1.9).
The brown-fat-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 is decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Neuregulin 4 has recently been recognized as a novel adipokine secreted by brown adipose tissue (BAT), with beneficial effects on murine insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. Yet, thus far, neither regulation of neuregulin 4 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) nor its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period have been elucidated. METHODS: Circulating neuregulin 4 levels were measured by ELISA in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy, gestational-age-matched controls. Also, neuregulin 4 was quantified during pregnancy and compared with postpartum levels in a follow-up study of 25 women with previous GDM and 25 healthy control women. RESULTS: Women with GDM had lower median serum levels of the novel BAT-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 (3.0μg/L) compared with healthy (non-GDM) pregnant controls (3.5μg/L; P=0.020), and the area under the glucose curve (AUC(Glucose)) was an independent and negative predictor of circulating neuregulin 4 (P=0.033). Also, median postpartum serum concentrations of neuregulin 4 (3.2μg/L) were not significantly different from prepartum levels (2.8μg/L; P=0.328). In addition, neuregulin 4 was positively and independently associated with irisin (P=0.009), but not other BAT-secreted adipokines. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Women with GDM have significantly lower circulating neuregulin 4 levels compared with healthy pregnant controls, and the AUC(Glucose) is negatively and independently associated with neuregulin 4 during pregnancy. Neuregulin 4 is positively correlated with irisin during pregnancy, as well as in a longitudinal fashion. Future studies are now needed to better elucidate the precise pathomechanisms of the regulation of BAT-secreted adipokines during pregnancy.
Association between maternal hepatitis B virus carrier and gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Given that many pregnant women have chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked to poor maternal and neonatal outcomes, we looked into the relationship between the hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and GDM to see if a high HBV DNA load is linked to a higher risk of GDM in chronic maternal HBsAg carriers. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Our study included 39,539 pregnant women who gave birth at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University in Guangzhou, China, between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2019. The patients were divided into two groups: HBsAg negative (36,500) and positive (3039). The viral load levels of 1250 HBsAg-positive women who had tested their HBV DNA load during pregnancy were separated into three groups. We utilized univariate and multivariable logistical regression analysis to determine the relationship between maternal chronic HBsAg carrier and GDM. RESULTS: Being HBsAg positive was discovered to be an independent risk factor for GDM.Pre-pregnancy Obesity and advanced age were linked to an increased incidence of GDM. Those with a high HBV DNA load (> 10(6) IU/mL) had a higher risk of GDM than HBsAg-positive women with a low viral load (< 10(3) IU/mL). Pre-eclampsia and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) appeared to be more common in HBsAg-positive women than in uninfected women. CONCLUSIONS: Being HBsAg positive, advanced age, and pre-pregnancy obesity were all revealed to be independent risk factors for GDM in our study. In HBsAg carrier, pregnant women, a high HBV DNA burden was linked to a greater risk of GDM. Furthermore, being an HBsAg carrier during pregnancy raised the risk of ICP and pre-eclampsia.
Pregnancy outcomes associated with viral hepatitis.; The aim of this study was to examine the contribution of hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) to pregnancy-related complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth (PTB), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), pre-eclampsia, antepartum haemorrhage and cholestasis. The Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried for all pregnancy-related discharges, pregnancy complications and viral hepatitis from 1995 to 2005. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between HBV, HCV, HBV + HCV and pregnancy-related complications including GDM, PTB, IUGR, pre-eclampsia, antepartum haemorrhage, cholestasis and caesarean delivery. Model covariates included maternal age, race, insurance status, substance use and medical complications including liver complication, hypertension, HIV, anaemia, thrombocytopenia and sexually transmitted infections. Of 297 664 pregnant women data available for analysis, 1446 had a coded diagnosis of HBV, HCV or both. High-risk behaviours, such as smoking, alcohol and substance use were higher in women with either HBV or HCV. Women with HBV had an increased risk for PTB (aOR 1.65, CI [1.3, 2.0]) but a decreased risk for caesarean delivery (aOR 0.686, CI [0.53, 0.88]). Individuals with HCV had an increased risk for GDM (aOR 1.6, CI [1.0, 2.6]). Individuals with both HBV and HCV co-infection had an increased risk for antepartum haemorrhage (aOR 2.82, CI [1.1, 7.2]). There was no association of viral hepatitis with IUGR or pre-eclampsia. Women with hepatitis have an increased risk for complications during pregnancy. Research to determine the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of counselling patients about potential risks for adverse outcomes is warranted.
Genome-wide placental DNA methylations in fetal overgrowth and associations with leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors.; BACKGROUND: Fetal overgrowth "programs" an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Epigenetic alterations may be a mechanism in programming the vulnerability. We sought to characterize genome-wide alterations in placental gene methylations in fetal overgrowth and the associations with metabolic health biomarkers including leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors. RESULTS: Comparing genome-wide placental gene DNA methylations in large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of fetal overgrowth, n = 30) versus optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control, n = 30) infants using the Illumina Infinium Human Methylation-EPIC BeadChip, we identified 543 differential methylation positions (DMPs; 397 hypermethylated, 146 hypomethylated) at false discovery rate < 5% and absolute methylation difference > 0.05 after adjusting for placental cell-type heterogeneity, maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI and HbA1c levels during pregnancy. Twenty-five DMPs annotated to 20 genes (QSOX1, FCHSD2, LOC101928162, ADGRB3, GCNT1, TAP1, MYO16, NAV1, ATP8A2, LBXCOR1, EN2, INCA1, CAMTA2, SORCS2, SLC4A4, RPA3, UMAD1,USP53, OR2L13 and NR3C2) could explain 80% of the birth weight variations. Pathway analyses did not detect any statistically significant pathways after correcting for multiple tests. We validated a newly discovered differentially (hyper-)methylated gene-visual system homeobox 1 (VSX1) in an independent pyrosequencing study sample (LGA 47, OGA 47). Our data confirmed a hypermethylated gene-cadherin 13 (CDH13) reported in a previous epigenome-wide association study. Adiponectin in cord blood was correlated with its gene methylation in the placenta, while leptin and fetal growth factors (insulin, IGF-1, IGF-2) were not. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal overgrowth may be associated with a large number of altered placental gene methylations. Placental VSX1 and CDH13 genes are hypermethylated in fetal overgrowth. Placental ADIPOQ gene methylations and fetal circulating adiponectin levels were correlated, suggesting the contribution of placenta-originated adiponectin to cord blood adiponectin.
HBsAg positivity during pregnancy and adverse maternal outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis.; Hepatitis B virus infection characterized by HBsAg positivity during pregnancy is a well-recognized issue in developing countries, but the association between HBsAg positivity and adverse maternal outcomes remains uncertain. To examine the association between HBsAg positivity during pregnancy and adverse maternal outcomes, a retrospective cohort study was conducted in Sichuan province, China. Deliveries were recorded from six hospitals between 1 January 2009 and 31 December 2010. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), intrahepatic cholestasis, Caesarean section and placenta previa were prespecified adverse maternal outcomes. We used two multivariate logistic regression models to assess the association between HBsAg positivity and adverse maternal outcomes. In total, 948 (4.2%) pregnant women were HBsAg positive from 22 374 deliveries. Pregnant women with positive HBsAg had higher risk of GDM (aOR1.41, 95%CI 1.15-1.74), PPH (1.44, 1.13-1.83), intrahepatic cholestasis (1.74, 1.40-2.16) and Caesarean section (1.24, 1.06-1.45). No statistical associations were found between HBsAg positivity and pre-eclampsia (1.36, 0.94-1.97), and placenta previa (1.21, 0.87-1.67). HBsAg positivity during pregnancy was associated with higher risk of multiple adverse maternal outcomes. Although the causality has yet to be established, efforts may be warranted in routine care, particularly in those with high risk for adverse maternal outcomes, given the volume population infected with HBsAg. Future studies are needed to establish causality and examine the impact of HBeAg on the adverse outcomes.
Adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered the most common liver disease in the world, but little is known about its potential association with pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to investigate pregnancy outcomes in NAFLD. METHODS: The Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) was used to identify births between 1992 and 2011 (N = 1 960 416). By linkage with the National Patient Register, we identified women with a diagnosis of NAFLD. The MBR was then used to identify outcomes: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, Apgar score <7 at 5 min, preterm birth (<37 weeks), low birth weight (<2500 g), infants born small for gestational age and congenital malformations. As controls, we used women with no diagnosis for NAFLD divided into two groups; with and without polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Poisson regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs) adjusted for maternal age, smoking status and body mass index at early pregnancy, parity and prepregnancy diabetes. RESULTS: We identified 110 pregnancies in women with NAFLD. Using women without a diagnosis of NAFLD or PCOS as controls; NAFLD was associated with gestational diabetes [adjusted RRs 2.78; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.25-6.15], pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.95; 95% CI 1.03-3.70), Caesarean section (aRR 1.52; 95% CI 1.19-1.94), preterm birth (aRR 2.50; 95% CI 1.38-4.55) and with low birth weight (aRR 2.40; 95% CI 1.21-4.78). CONCLUSION: Women with a diagnosis of NAFLD prior to giving birth have increased risks for adverse pregnancy outcome independently of body mass index and diabetes, and should be carefully monitored during antenatal care.
Uptake and safety of hepatitis A vaccination during pregnancy: A Vaccine Safety Datalink study.; INTRODUCTION: Infection with hepatitis A virus (HAV) during pregnancy, although uncommon, is associated with gestational complications and pre-term labor. Hepatitis A vaccine (HepA) is recommended for anyone at increased risk for contracting hepatitis A, including women at risk who are also pregnant. Limited data are available on the safety of maternal HepA vaccination. OBJECTIVES: Assess the frequency of maternal HepA receipt and evaluate the potential association between maternal vaccination and pre-specified maternal and infant safety outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of pregnancies in the Vaccine Safety Datalink (VSD) resulting in live births from 2004 through 2015 was included. Pregnancies with HepA exposure were compared to those with other vaccine exposures, and to those with no vaccine exposures. Risk factors for contracting hepatitis A were identified up to one-year prior to or during the pregnancy using ICD-9 codes. Maternal and fetal adverse events were evaluated according to maternal HepA exposure status. Adjusted odds ratio (OR) were used to describe the association. RESULTS: Among 666,233 pregnancies in the study period, HepA was administered at a rate of 1.7 per 1000 (n = 1140), most commonly within the first six weeks of pregnancy. Less than 3% of those exposed to HepA during pregnancy had an ICD-confirmed risk factor. There were no significant associations between HepA exposure during pregnancy and gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, cesarean delivery, pre-term delivery, and low birthweight. There was a statistically significant association between HepA exposure during pregnancy and small-for-gestational age (SGA) infants (aOR 1.32, [95% CI 1.09, 1.60], p = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: The rate of maternal HepA vaccination was low and rarely due to documented risk factors for vaccination. HepA vaccination during pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk for a range of adverse events examined among pregnancies resulting in live births, but an identified association between maternal HepA and SGA infant outcomes, while likely due to unmeasured confounding, warrants further exploration.
[Clinical analysis of 86 cases of acute fatty liver of pregnancy].; Objective: To investigate the clinical characteristics and maternal and fetal prognosis of pregnant women with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). Methods: The clinical data of 86 AFLP pregnant women admitted to the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University from September 2017 to August 2022 were collected, and their general data, clinical characteristics, laboratory tests and maternal and fetal outcomes were retrospectively analyzed. Results: (1) General information: the age of the 86 pregnant women with AFLP was (30.8±5.4) years, and the body mass index was (21.0±2.5) kg/m(2). There were 50 primiparas (58.1%, 50/86) and 36 multiparas (41.9%, 36/86). There were 64 singleton pregnancies (74.4%, 64/86) and 22 twin pregnancies (25.6%, 22/86). (2) Clinical characteristics: the main complaints of AFLP pregnant women were gastrointestinal symptoms, including epigastric pain (68.6%, 59/86), nausea (47.7%, 41/86), anorexia (46.5%, 40/86), vomiting (39.5%, 34/86). The main non-gastrointestinal symptoms were jaundice of skin and/or scleral (54.7%, 47/86), edema (38.4%, 33/86), fatigue (19.8%, 17/86), bleeding tendency (16.3%, 14/86), polydipsia or polyuria (14.0%, 12/86), skin itching (8.1%, 7/86), and 17.4% (15/86) AFLP pregnant women had no obvious symptoms. (3) Laboratory tests: the incidence of liver and kidney dysfunction and abnormal coagulation function in AFLP pregnant women was high, and the levels of blood ammonia, lactate dehydrogenase and lactic acid were increased, and the levels of hemoglobin, platelet and albumin decreased. However, only 24 cases (27.9%, 24/86) of AFLP pregnant women showed fatty liver by imageology examination. (4) Pregnancy outcomes: ① AFLP pregnant women had a high incidence of pregnancy complications, mainly including renal insufficiency (95.3%, 82/86), preterm birth (46.5%, 40/86), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (30.2%, 26/86), gestational diabetes mellitus (36.0%, 31/86), fetal distress (24.4%, 21/86), pulmonary infection (23.3%, 20/86), disseminated intravascular coagulation (16.3%, 14/86), multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (16.3%, 14/86), hepatic encephalopathy (9.3%, 8/86), and intrauterine fetal death (2.3%, 2/86). ② Treatment and outcome of AFLP pregnant women: the intensive care unit transfer rate of AFLP pregnant women was 66.3% (57/86). 82 cases were improved and discharged after treatment, 2 cases were transferred to other hospitals for follow-up treatment, and 2 cases (2.3%, 2/86) died. ③ Neonatal outcomes: except for 2 cases of intrauterine death, a total of 106 neonates were delivered, including 39 cases (36.8%, 39/106) of neonatal asphyxia, 63 cases (59.4%, 63/106) of neonatal intensive care unit admission, and 3 cases (2.8%, 3/106) of neonatal death. Conclusions: AFLP is a severe obstetric complication, which is harmful to mother and fetus. In the process of clinical diagnosis and treatment, attention should be paid to the clinical manifestations and laboratory tests of pregnant women, early diagnosis and active treatment, so as to improve maternal and fetal outcomes.
Maternal Exercise Protects Male Offspring From Maternal Diet-Programmed Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Progression.; Maternal obesity programs the risk for development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Maternal exercise is a potential intervention to prevent developmentally programmed phenotypes. We hypothesized that maternal exercise would protect from progression of NAFLD in offspring previously exposed to a maternal obesogenic diet. Female mice were fed chow (CON) or high fat, fructose, cholesterol (HFFC) and bred with lean males. A subset had an exercise wheel introduced 4 weeks after starting the diet to allow for voluntary exercise. The offspring were weaned to the HFFC diet for 7 weeks to induce NAFLD. Serum, adipose, and liver tissue were collected for metabolic, histologic, and gene expression analyses. Cecal contents were collected for 16S sequencing. Global metabolomics was performed on liver. Female mice fed the HFFC diet had increased body weight prior to adding an exercise wheel. Female mice fed the HFFC diet had an increase in exercise distance relative to CON during the preconception period. Exercise distance was similar between groups during pregnancy and lactation. CON-active and HFFC-active offspring exhibited decreased inflammation compared with offspring from sedentary dams. Fibrosis increased in offspring from HFFC-sedentary dams compared with CON-sedentary. Offspring from exercised HFFC dams exhibited less fibrosis than offspring from sedentary HFFC dams. While maternal diet significantly affected the microbiome of offspring, the effect of maternal exercise was minimal. Metabolomics analysis revealed shifts in multiple metabolites including several involved in bile acid, 1-carbon, histidine, and acylcarnitine metabolism. This study provides preclinical evidence that maternal exercise is a potential approach to prevent developmentally programmed liver disease progression in offspring.
Associations between Prenatal Exposure to Phthalates and Features of the Metabolic Syndrome in Males from Childhood into Adulthood.; Phthalate metabolites are detectable within the majority of the population. Evidence suggests that a prenatal exposure to phthalates may be associated with the subsequent risks of obesity and elevated blood pressure. We hypothesised that a prenatal exposure to phthalates would lead to an increase in adverse cardiometabolic parameters through childhood and adulthood. The maternal serum phthalate measurements from the stored samples taken from Gen1 mothers at 18 and 34 weeks gestation were examined in relation to the cardiometabolic measures in 387 male offspring from the Raine Study. Data from the Gen2 follow-ups between 3 and 27 years were used. The primary outcomes were analysed longitudinally using linear mixed models for the repeated measures. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was assessed at 17 years using logistic regression. A consistent positive relationship was observed between a prenatal exposure to mono-carboxy-iso-octyl phthalate (MCiOP) through adolescence into adulthood with systolic blood pressure. There were no other consistent cardiovascular associations. Mid-levels of prenatal exposures to Mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) were associated with a greater incidence of NAFLD. Detectable Mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (MCPP) was associated with a lower serum HDL-C through late childhood into adulthood, while a higher prenatal exposure to mono-iso-butyl phthalate (MiBP), was associated with a higher LDL-C at 22 years of age. A mid-level prenatal exposure to mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) metabolites was associated with higher insulin in adulthood, while a higher prenatal exposure to the sum of the Di-(2-ethyl-hexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and Di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNP) metabolites was associated with higher fasting serum glucose in adulthood. In conclusion, our study demonstrated that higher prenatal phthalate exposures to some phthalate metabolites was associated with some adverse metabolic profiles through adolescence into adulthood, although the consistent themes were limited to a few metabolites and the outcomes of systolic blood pressure, fasting insulin and glucose.
Maternal nicotine exposure aggravates metabolic associated fatty liver disease via PI3K/Akt signaling in adult offspring mice.; AIM: The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of maternal nicotine exposure (MNE) on the development of metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in adulthood offspring and the underlying mechanism. METHODS: Pregnant mice (n = 22) were subcutaneously injected with either saline vehicle (n = 11) or nicotine (n = 11) twice a day on gestational days 11-21. Offspring mice (n = 176) from both groups were weaned at postnatal day 21, and for 6 months after postnatal day 21, 96 mice were fed either a standard chow diet (n = 48) or a high-fat diet (n = 48). Serum lipid indicators, liver function indicators, insulin, and liver mitochondrial respiration were analyzed. The expression levels of fibrosis-related proteins, phosphorylated PI3K, phosphorylated Akt, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 (SREBP1c), and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR-α) were detected in the liver by immunohistochemistry and Western blotting. RESULTS: MNE significantly decreased the weight of both maternal and offspring mice (~30%) and inhibited organ growth in offspring mice (P < .05). MNE also significantly increased serum levels of total bile acid, triglycerides, total cholesterol, glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, low-density lipoprotein, and insulin while decreasing serum high-density lipoprotein levels and mitochondrial respiration activity in mice fed either the normal diet or high-fat diet (all P < .05). These effects of MNE on lipid metabolism and insulin resistance were mediated via PI3K and Akt phosphorylation and down-regulation of SREBP1c and PPAR-α. CONCLUSION: Our data indicate MNE induces lipid metabolism disorder and insulin resistance to promote MAFLD progression in adult offspring through activation of PI3K/Akt signaling and suppression of SREBP1c and PPARα protein expression.
Hepatitis C is associated with more adverse pregnancy outcomes than hepatitis B: A 7-year national inpatient sample study.; Prior international studies have shown mixed results regarding the association of hepatitis B and hepatitis C with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We performed an updated evaluation of the prevalence of associated adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluated trends over time of diagnosis of chronic hepatitis B (HBV) and chronic hepatitis C (HCV) in pregnant women in a national database. All pregnant women with HBV and HCV were identified from the National Inpatient Sample database 2012 to 2018. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to compare pregnancy-related complications, including rates of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, antepartum/intrapartum hemorrhage, preterm labor, and Cesarean section. We evaluated all-cause in-hospital mortality, length of stay, and total cost of hospitalizations. A total of 28.7 million pregnancy-related hospitalizations that met our eligibility criteria were identified, including 51,200 with HBV and 131,695 with HCV. In comparison with the uninfected controls, the HBV group was significantly more likely to develop gestational diabetes (12.94% vs. 6.94%, p < 0.001). The HCV group was more likely to have preterm labor (9.63% vs. 6.27%, p < 0.001), intrauterine growth restriction (6.04% vs. 2.89%, p < 0.001), longer length of stay (3.4 days vs. 2.7 days, p < 0.001), and higher hospitalization cost (15,052 dollars vs. 14,258 dollars, p < 0.001). These findings should inform counseling of women who are found to have HBV or HCV during pregnancy regarding the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and support the need for an interdisciplinary approach to optimize maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Hepatic transcriptome signature correlated with HOMA-IR explains early nonalcoholic fatty liver disease pathogenesis.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is multistage with heterogeneous outcomes. We studied the influence of insulin resistance (IR) on the hepatic transcriptome of early NAFLD stages, to understand disease development. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, possible clinicopathological risk factors were compared between mild-NAFL (N = 72) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH; N = 51) patients. Liver tissue-transcriptome difference was studied between a subset of 25 mild-NAFL and 20 NASH biopsies and validated on another subset of 12 mild-NAFL and 13 NASH biopsies, using RT-PCR. The relationship between IR driven gene expression changes with fibrosis in NASH was investigated. RESULTS: Significantly higher weight (p = 0.005) and elevated levels of HbA1c (p = 0.009), FBG (p = 0.03) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.009) were found in NASH patients. Five differentially expressed genes (DEGs, fold change > 1.5) were identified in NASH-FABP4, FABP5L2, CD24, PRAP1, and SPP1. The DEGs were positively associated with disease severity and HOMA-IR, and were found to be efficient classifiers of mild-NAFL and NASH. Additional 1218 genes identified related to IR (IrCGs), which can classify NASH-with-fibrosis patients separately from mild-NAFL and NASH patients. IrCGs can promote intra-hepatic fat accumulation, dysregulation of the lipid metabolism, lipotoxicity, and activation of cell survival pathways including activation of cell proliferation and differentiation pathways. CONCLUSIONS: Hepatic expression of genes associated with insulin resistance may drive NAFLD development and progression.
Endotoxin Biomarkers Are Associated With Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk Across 6 Years of Follow-up in Youth.; CONTEXT: Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (eg, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease). OBJECTIVE: Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core immunoglobulin G (EndoCab IgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. DESIGN/SETTING: This prospective study included 393 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes Among Children cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited from 2006 to 2009 at age 10 years (baseline) and followed for 6 years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity [body mass index (BMI) z-score, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skinfolds, waist circumference] and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. RESULTS: Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit log-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (95% CI 1.99, 9.33) mm3 VAT, 30.7 (95% CI 8.0, 53.3) mm3 SAT, and 8.26 (95% CI 4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCab IgG was associated with VAT only [3.03 (95% CI 0.34, 5.71) mm3]. LPS was associated with higher insulin [1.93 (95% CI 0.08, 3.70) µU/mL] and leptin [2.28 (95% CI 0.66, 3.90) ng/mL] and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for prepregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. CONCLUSIONS: Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition.
Obesity alters the mouse endometrial transcriptome in a cell context-dependent manner.; Obesity impacts fertility and is positively correlated with endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer occurrence. Endometrial epithelia often harbor disease driver-mutations, while endometrial stroma are highly regulative of neighboring epithelia. Here, we sought to determine distinct transcriptome changes occurring in individual cell types in the obese mouse uterus. Outbred CD-1 mice were fed high-fat or control diets for 18 weeks, estrous cycle staged, and endometrial epithelia, macrophages, and stroma isolated for transcriptomic analysis. High-fat diet mice displayed increased body mass and developed glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and fatty liver. Obese mouse epithelia displayed differential gene expression for genes related to innate immunity and leukocyte chemotaxis. The obese mouse stroma differentially expressed factors related to circadian rhythm, and expression of these genes correlated with glucose tolerance or body mass. We observed correlations between F4/80 + macrophage numbers, Cleaved Caspase 3 (CC3) apoptosis marker staining and glucose intolerance among obese mice, including a subgroup of obese mice with high CC3 + luminal epithelia. This subgroup displayed differential gene expression among all cell types, with pathways related to immune escape in epithelia and macrophages, while the stroma dysregulated pathways related to regulation of epithelia. These results suggest an important role for differential response of both the epithelia and stroma in their response to obesity, while macrophages are dysregulated in the context of apoptotic epithelia. The obesity-related gene expression programs in cells within the uterine microenvironment may influence the ability of the endometrium to function during pregnancy and influence disease pathogenesis.
Dysregulated hepatic bile acids collaboratively promote liver carcinogenesis.; Dysregulated bile acids (BAs) are closely associated with liver diseases and attributed to altered gut microbiota. Here, we show that the intrahepatic retention of hydrophobic BAs including deoxycholate (DCA), taurocholate (TCA), taurochenodeoxycholate (TCDCA), and taurolithocholate (TLCA) were substantially increased in a streptozotocin and high fat diet (HFD) induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-hepatocellular carcinoma (NASH-HCC) mouse model. Additionally chronic HFD-fed mice spontaneously developed liver tumors with significantly increased hepatic BA levels. Enhancing intestinal excretion of hydrophobic BAs in the NASH-HCC model mice by a 2% cholestyramine feeding significantly prevented HCC development. The gut microbiota alterations were closely correlated with altered BA levels in liver and feces. HFD-induced inflammation inhibited key BA transporters, resulting in sustained increases in intrahepatic BA concentrations. Our study also showed a significantly increased cell proliferation in BA treated normal human hepatic cell lines and a down-regulated expression of tumor suppressor gene CEBPα in TCDCA treated HepG2 cell line, suggesting that several hydrophobic BAs may collaboratively promote liver carcinogenesis.
The association of early unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease causes hepatic insulin resistance and is associated with metabolic syndrome. Elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase are associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The effect of hepatic insulin resistance is not only increased glycogen breakdown but also liberation of free fatty acids due to increased lipolysis. Both of these fuel sources are associated with macrosomia. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on excessive fetal growth. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of early elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of maternal alanine aminotransferase values measured between 8-18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes. We included women with singleton gestations with complete delivery information and without known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined large for gestational age as ≥90th percentile for gestational age. We compared maternal baseline characteristics with analysis of variance, Fisher exact test, or Wilcoxon rank sum. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between alanine aminotransferase and large for gestational age adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, parity, gestational diabetes, smoking, and maternal weight gain. RESULTS: We identified 26 cases of large for gestational age out of 323 mother-infant dyads. The mean maternal body mass index was higher in the large-for-gestational-age group compared to controls (33.7 [SD 4.3] vs 28.9 [SD 6.5], P = .002). Large-for-gestational-age babies were less likely to be male (8 [31%] vs 172 [58%], P = .01) and had a higher mean gestational age (39.5 [SD 0.9] vs 38.4 [SD 2.3] weeks, P = .01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The mean alanine aminotransferase among the large-for-gestational-age cases was 28 (SD 37) U/L compared to 16 (SD 8) U/L for controls. Each unit increase in log-transformed alanine aminotransferase was associated with a 3-fold odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 2.27-4.10; P < .0001), and alanine aminotransferase ≥90th percentile (26 U/L) was associated with a 4-fold increased odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% confidence interval, 2.84-5.70; P < .0001). This association was unchanged when analysis was restricted only to women without gestational diabetes with a glucose loading test <120 mg/dL (log-transformed alanine aminotransferase: adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-8.96; P = .04, and alanine aminotransferase ≥90th percentile: adjusted odds ratio, 4.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-14.82; P = .03). CONCLUSION: Unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase in the first trimester was associated with a 4-fold increase in the odds of large-for-gestational-age birthweight even in the absence of clinical glucose intolerance. This may represent the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver on the fetal developmental milieu.
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero.; PURPOSE: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring's cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring's cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. METHODS: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother-child cohort. We measured gestational (26-28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a 'gestational glycemia × breastfeeding' interaction term. RESULTS: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero.
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Early Pregnancy Predicts Dysglycemia in Mid-Pregnancy: Prospective Study.; OBJECTIVES: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is mediated by insulin resistance, as is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). NAFLD has not been studied in relation to GDM. The objective of this study was to assess the association between first-trimester sonographic findings of NAFLD, and both dysglycemia and GDM in mid-pregnancy. METHODS: We followed a prospective cohort design at a large obstetrics clinic in Toronto, Ontario with 476 women enrolled in early pregnancy. NAFLD was assessed by ultrasound at 11-14 weeks gestation, and standardized images were independently scored by two ultrasonographers for the presence of hepatorenal contrast (one finding) and/or blurring of the intrahepatic vessels (one finding), relative to neither being present. Logistic regression analysis was used to generate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for the relation between 0, 1, or 2 sonographic findings of NAFLD and the composite outcome of impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, or GDM at 24-28 weeks gestation, determined by a fasting 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. ORs were adjusted (aOR) for maternal age, ethnicity, first-degree relative with type 2 DM, body mass index (BMI) at 11-14 weeks gestation, and change in BMI from 11-14 to 24-28 weeks gestation. RESULTS: Fifty out of 476 women (10.5%) developed the composite outcome. The presence of 1 (aOR 2.0, 95% CI: 1.0-4.1) or 2 (aOR 2.9, 95% CI: 1.0-18.4) sonographic features of NAFLD predicted the composite outcome. Limiting the analysis to ≥1 feature vs. none, the aOR was 2.2 (95% CI: 1.1-4.3). CONCLUSIONS: Sonographic assessment of NAFLD is a semiquantitative measure, with limited ability to detect small amounts of hepatic steatosis, or to distinguish various stages of NAFLD. First-trimester sonographic evidence of NAFLD predicts dysglycemia in mid-pregnancy.
Placenta-Derived Osteoprotegerin Is Required for Glucose Homeostasis in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Osteoprotegerin (OPG) is involved in various biological processes, including bone remodeling, vascular calcification and pancreatic β-cell function. Although some clinical studies have shown an increase in serum OPG level during pregnancy, the role of OPG in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is largely unknown. Therefore, we explored the effect of OPG in metabolic homeostasis during pregnancy. We initially evaluated serum OPG levels using ELISA and western blotting techniques on samples from GDM patients. We also assessed OPG expression levels in maternal mice. We then used blastocysts transduced with lentiviruses capable of trophoblast-specific transgene expression to establish placenta-specific OPG knockdown or overexpression mouse models for functional and mechanistic investigation after embryo transplantation. We found that OPG expression was positively associated with GDM in clinical samples, and OPG levels were significantly increased in GDM patient sera and term placenta. Serum OPG was significantly increased in maternal compared to non-pregnant mice, and expression levels of OPG were the highest in placenta compared with other organs, including bone, liver and pancreas. OPG was also significantly increased in pregnant mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Placenta-specific OPG knockdown induced glucose intolerance, decreased β-cell proliferation and decreased serum insulin levels, whereas placenta-specific OPG overexpression promoted glucose tolerance and enhanced β-cell proliferation, which increased serum insulin production and decreased fetal weight in HFD-feeding pregnant mice. Placenta-derived OPG (pl-OPG) regulated glucose homeostasis during pregnancy via enhancement of β-cell proliferation, which suggests a potential therapeutic application of OPG for GDM.
Catching up on the latest USPSTF recommendations.; Screening is now encouraged for hepatitis B in those at high risk and for gestational diabetes at 24 weeks gestation. Low-dose aspirin is also advised for pregnant women at risk for preeclampsia.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome in adolescents: pathogenetic role of genetic background and intrauterine environment.; In the last three decades the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) has been growing worldwide along with an increase of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In children and adolescents such epidemics are particularly worrisome, since the metabolic consequences in adulthood will significantly burden the health care system. Although the definition of MetS in childhood is still controversial, there is agreement with respect to NAFLD being the hepatic manifestation of MetS. However, the molecular pathogenesis of MetS and its contribution to NAFLD is complex and closely related to the pre- and postnatal environment as well as to genetic predisposing factors. The analysis of the possible relationships between NAFLD and MetS is particularly interesting, not only from an epidemiological point of view, but also to better understand the genetic and environmental factors contributing to the development of both diseases. We here summarize the most recent epidemiological data on the incidence of both diseases in adolescents, and several aspects linking MetS with NAFLD, discussing the possible role played by genetics and intrauterine environment.
Fatty Liver Among Adolescent Offspring of Women With Type 1 Diabetes (the EPICOM Study).; OBJECTIVE: Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with a less favorable metabolic profile later in life. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is the hepatic manifestation of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational type 1 diabetes on the presence of fatty liver in offspring and the association between maternal BMI, glycemic control during pregnancy, offspring metabolic risk factors, and offspring level of soluble CD163 (sCD163) (a marker of macrophage activation) and risk of fatty liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study was a prospective nationwide follow-up study of offspring (n = 278) of mothers with pregestational type 1 diabetes between 1993 and 1999 and matched control subjects (n = 303). Mean age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the fatty liver index (FLI) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate the presence of fatty liver among the offspring. An FLI ≥60 or WHtR >0.469 were used as cutoff points for fatty liver. RESULTS: More type 1 diabetes-exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared with unexposed control subjects. We found significant associations between increasing maternal prepregnancy BMI, being born large for gestational age, offspring level of sCD163, as well as offspring metabolic risk factors (decreasing adiponectin and HDL cholesterol and increasing leptin, HOMA of insulin resistance, and HOMA of insulin secretion) and degree of fatty liver. CONCLUSIONS: Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes and higher maternal prepregnancy BMI may predispose to fatty liver in the offspring. Offspring metabolic risk factors, including sCD163 levels, are associated with indices of fatty liver.
Childhood obesity and insulin resistance.; Insulin resistance (IR) in childhood has importance to the understanding and prevention of the growing epidemic of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) in adults with attendant obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), atherosclerotic diseases, hypertension, gout, non-alcoholic, steato-hepatitis (NASH), gall bladder disease, nephropathy, polycystic ovarian disease (PCOS), infertility and premature senility. The severity of IR and its' complications in children unfortunately and usually progresses in their pubertal transition to adulthood; affected young children are more likely than adults to have underlying causal monogenic disorders; the sequence of natural history and events give insights into disease pathogeneses, and optimal life style choices that last are best made during the early formative years. Some features of IR in children discussed herein are: a strong tendency to low birth weight for gestational age, adverse effects of adrenarche and therapeutic steroid therapy, predisposition to premature pubarche, acanthosis nigricans, tall stature despite pituitary GH suppression, allergic diathesis, hyperandrogenism and PCOS, dyslipidemia and fatty liver disease, and diagnosis by clinical and biochemical markers of IR including insulin regulated hepatic hormonal binding proteins such as IGFBP-1. The national preoccupation with the "metabolic syndrome" T2DM and obesity, should be appropriately directed to an improved understanding of IR in children and their management, if the looming health crisis in affected adults is to be seriously addressed. The nation is facing its' first generation of children who will be less healthy and die younger than the previous generation (Marks (2005) Presentation to the American Association of Diabetes Educators 32nd Annual Meeting and Exhibition, August 10-13, Washington, DC).
Systematic review with meta-analysis: autoimmune hepatitis in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) has been largely unexplored. AIM: This meta-analysis aims to determine the level of evidence associated with both maternal and fetal outcomes in patients with AIH. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included AIH patients who had at least one pregnancy with a previously known or index presentation diagnosis of AIH. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: Fourteen studies with 1452 AIH patients and with a total of 1556 gestations were included. Analysis revealed statistically significant increased likelihood of diabetes mellitus in the AIH group (OR: 5.73, 95% CI: 2.73-12.02; p < .001, n = 2) compared to controls. Fetal outcomes that indicated a statistically significant association with AIH included premature birth (OR: 2.20, 95% CI:1.66-2.91; p < .001, n = 3), small for gestational age (SGA) births (OR: 2.48, 95% CI:1.37-4.51; p = .003, n = 2) and low birth weight (LBW) (OR: 3.04, 95% CI:1.85-5.01; p < .001, n = 1). AIH pregnancies were significantly less likely to have a full-term birth (OR: 0.32, 95% CI:0.21-0.49; p < .001, n = 2). CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis provides the first pooled evidence that autoimmune hepatitis is associated with a substantial increase in maternal Pre-pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, and that AIH females are more likely to have premature births, small for gestational age (SGA) births, and low birth weight (LBW) babies and a substantial decrease in full term birth compared to normal controls. This data is important for clinicians managing these patients before, during and after pregnancy.
A Prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth.; OBJECTIVES: To identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF), a measure of liver fat content and risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in a prospective study of 397 multi-ethnic youth. METHODS: We obtained information on habitual dietary intake via the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 6 to 15 years ('T1') and 12 to 19 years ('T2'), and measured HFF using magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We derived dietary patterns via principal components analysis and examined associations with ln-transformed HFF using linear regression models that accounted for maternal education, gestational diabetes exposure and smoking habits; and child pubertal status, BMI and physical activity. RESULTS: At T1, none of the dietary patterns identified were associated with HFF measured at T2. At T2, a Prudent dietary pattern characterized by high fruit and vegetable intake was inversely associated with HFF (-0.08 [95% CI: -0.16, -0.00]). Similarly, increased adherence to the Prudent pattern across T1 and T2 corresponded with lower ln-HFF (-0.11 [-0.18, -0.04] units). On the other hand, adherence to a Western pattern comprising fried foods and refined carbohydrates at T2 correlated with higher HFF among non-Hispanic White participants (0.16 [0.06, 0.26]). These findings persisted after accounting for child BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Even in healthy youth, a diet high in fruits and vegetables is associated with lower HFF, whereas a diet high in fried foods and refined carbohydrates is related to higher HFF. Dietary changes may serve as an early preventive measure to mitigate liver fat accrual.
Multifaceted roles of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) at the cellular and whole organism levels.; Chronic disorders, such as obesity, diabetes, inflammation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and atherosclerosis, are related to alterations in lipid and glucose metabolism, in which peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPAR)α, PPARβ/δ and PPARγ are involved. These receptors form a subgroup of ligand-activated transcription factors that belong to the nuclear hormone receptor family. This review discusses a selection of novel PPAR functions identified during the last few years. The PPARs regulate processes that are essential for the maintenance of pregnancy and embryonic development. Newly found hepatic functions of PPARα are the mediation of female-specific gene repression and the protection of the liver from oestrogen induced toxicity. PPARα also controls lipid catabolism and is the target of hypolipidaemic drugs, whereas PPARγ controls adipocyte differentiation and regulates lipid storage; it is the target for the insulin sensitising thiazolidinediones used to treat type 2 diabetes. Activation of PPARβ/δ increases lipid catabolism in skeletal muscle, the heart and adipose tissue. In addition, PPARβ/δ ligands prevent weight gain and suppress macrophage derived inflammation. In fact, therapeutic benefits of PPAR ligands have been confirmed in inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, such as encephalomyelitis and inflammatory bowel disease. Furthermore, PPARs promote skin wound repair. PPARα favours skin healing during the inflammatory phase that follows injury, whilst PPARβ/δ enhances keratinocyte survival and migration. Due to their collective functions in skin, PPARs represent a major research target for our understanding of many skin diseases. Taken altogether, these functions suggest that PPARs serve as physiological sensors in different stress situations and remain valuable targets for innovative therapies.
Hepatic steatosis is prevalent in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for pregnancy complications, including stillbirth and macrosomia. Evolving data suggest that diabetes during pregnancy also has long-term consequences for offspring, putting them at risk for obesity and the metabolic syndrome in childhood. Because nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is known to occur in adults and children with insulin resistance, we hypothesized that altered lipid metabolism in fetuses of diabetic mothers may manifest with hepatic steatosis. METHODS: We undertook a retrospective autopsy study to compare the presence and degree of hepatic steatosis between stillborns delivered to women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus (gestational age 20-40 weeks; n = 33) and age-matched nondiabetic control stillbirth cases (n = 48), the latter enriched for maternal obesity, macrosomia, and similar cause of demise. RESULTS: Histopathologic hepatic steatosis was significantly more prevalent and severe in the diabetic subjects (26/33, 78.8%) than in the controls (8/48, 16.6%) (P < 0.001). Within the diabetic cohort, the severity of steatosis was related directly to gestational age, birth weight, and liver weight, with no correlation of presence or severity of steatosis in the control group to maternal or fetal factors, including maternal body mass index or fetal macrosomia. Although macrosomic stillborns were more common in diabetic women with %hemoglobin A1c >6 and body mass index >30 kg/m, fetal steatosis was independent of glycemic control, maternal obesity, type of diabetes, ethnicity, or fetal sex in our cohort. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to our knowledge to demonstrate a specific association between fetal hepatic steatosis and maternal diabetes.
Maternal Exercise Improves Glucose Tolerance in Female Offspring.; Poor maternal diet can lead to metabolic disease in offspring, whereas maternal exercise may have beneficial effects on offspring health. In this study, we determined ifmaternal exercise could reverse the detrimental effects of maternal high-fat feeding on offspring metabolism of female mice. C57BL/6 female mice were fed a chow (21%) or high-fat (60%) diet and further divided by housing in static cages or cages with running wheels for 2 weeks prior to breeding and throughout gestation. Females were bred with chow-fed sedentary C57BL/6 males. High fat-fed sedentary dams produced female offspring with impaired glucose tolerance compared with offspring of chow-fed dams throughout their first year of life, an effect not present in the offspring from high fat-fed dams that had trained. Offspring from high fat-fed trained dams had normalized glucose tolerance, decreased fasting insulin, and decreased adiposity. Liver metabolic function, measured by hepatic glucose production in isolated hepatocytes, hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps, liver triglyceride content, and liver enzyme expression, was enhanced in offspring from trained dams. In conclusion, maternal exercise negates the detrimental effects of a maternal high-fat diet on glucose tolerance and hepatocyte glucose metabolism in female offspring. The ability of maternal exercise to improve the metabolic health of female offspring is important, as this intervention could combat the transmission of obesity and diabetes to subsequent generations.
The hepatic transcriptome of young suckling and aging intrauterine growth restricted male rats.; Intrauterine growth restriction leads to the development of adult onset obesity/metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, stroke, dyslipidemia, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease/steatohepatitis. Continued postnatal growth restriction has been shown to ameliorate many of these sequelae. To further our understanding of the mechanism of how intrauterine and early postnatal growth affects adult health we have employed Affymetrix microarray-based expression profiling to characterize hepatic gene expression of male offspring in a rat model of maternal nutrient restriction in early and late life. At day 21 of life (p21) combined intrauterine and postnatal calorie restriction treatment led to expression changes in circadian, metabolic, and insulin-like growth factor genes as part of a larger transcriptional response that encompasses 144 genes. Independent and controlled experiments at p21 confirm the early life circadian, metabolic, and growth factor perturbations. In contrast to the p21 transcriptional response, at day 450 of life (d450) only seven genes, largely uncharacterized, were differentially expressed. This lack of a transcriptional response identifies non-transcriptional mechanisms mediating the adult sequelae of intrauterine growth restriction. Independent experiments at d450 identify a circadian defect as well as validate expression changes to four of the genes identified by the microarray screen which have a novel association with growth restriction. Emerging from this rich dataset is a portrait of how the liver responds to growth restriction through circadian dysregulation, energy/substrate management, and growth factor modulation.
Exposure to maternal fuels during pregnancy and offspring hepatic fat in early childhood: The healthy start study.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine overnutrition has been associated with paediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the exact mechanisms involved remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: To examine whether maternal fuels and metabolic markers during pregnancy are associated with offspring hepatic fat in childhood. METHODS: This analysis included 286 mother-child pairs from the Healthy Start Study, a longitudinal pre-birth cohort in Colorado. Fasting blood draws were collected in early pregnancy (~17 weeks) and mid-pregnancy (~27 weeks). Offspring hepatic fat was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at ~5 years. RESULTS: In early pregnancy, maternal triglycerides (TGs) and free fatty acids (FFAs) were positively associated with offspring hepatic fat [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 1.15 (1.05, 1.27) per 1 standard deviation (SD) TGs; 1.14 (1.05, 1.23) per 1 SD FFAs]. Maternal total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were also associated with offspring hepatic fat, but only among boys [1.22 (1.08, 1.37) per 1 SD TC; 1.21 (1.07, 1.37) per 1 SD LDL-C]. In mid-pregnancy, only maternal TGs remained associated with offspring hepatic fat. Adjusting for potential confounders or mediators did not affect associations. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal lipid concentrations, especially in early pregnancy, are associated with higher offspring hepatic fat, and may, therefore, be targeted in future interventions among pregnant women.
IGF-1 and IGF-2 as Molecules Linked to Causes and Consequences of Obesity from Fetal Life to Adulthood: A Systematic Review.; This study examines the impact of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) on various aspects of children's health-from the realms of growth and puberty to the nuanced characteristics of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, liver pathology, carcinogenic potential, and cardiovascular disorders. A comprehensive literature review was conducted using PubMed, with a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method employing specific keywords related to child health, obesity, and insulin-like growth factors. This study reveals associations between insulin-like growth factor 1 and birth weight, early growth, and adiposity. Moreover, insulin-like growth factors play a pivotal role in regulating bone development and height during childhood, with potential implications for puberty onset. This research uncovers insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor 2 as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic dysfunction-associated liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, and it also highlights the association between insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and cancer. Additionally, this research explores the impact of insulin-like growth factors on cardiovascular health, noting their role in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Insulin-like growth factors play vital roles in human physiology, influencing growth and development from fetal stages to adulthood. The impact of maternal obesity on children's IGF levels is complex, influencing growth and carrying potential metabolic consequences. Imbalances in IGF levels are linked to a range of health conditions (e.g., insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes), prompting researchers to seek novel therapies and preventive strategies, offering challenges and opportunities in healthcare.
Taurine attenuates liver autophagy and injury of offspring in gestational diabetic mellitus rats.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has many adverse effects on offspring, such as abnormal glycolipid metabolism, obesity, insulin resistance, mental retardation, schizophrenia and so on. METHODS: We established a GDM rat model by injecting 1% streptozotocin associated with a high-fat diet one week before pregnancy, and offspring rats were sacrificed at 8 weeks of age to obtain liver tissue for study. We used hematoxylin-eosin (HE) staining to observe liver morphological changes, Tunel staining for hepatocyte apoptosis, transmission electron microscope for liver ultrastructure, and western blot for protein expression in liver tissue. RESULTS: Compared with normal offspring rats, hepatocytes of GDM offspring rats showed obvious edema, liver organ index increased, and hepatocyte apoptosis and autophagosome in the liver were significantly increased; Bax, cleaved-caspase3/caspase3, LCII, Beclin 1, P-IKBα/IKBα and P-p65/p6 protein expression in the liver were significantly increased; Bcl2, p62 and PPARγ protein expression in the liver were significantly decreased. Tau prevented the GDM-related effects in the offspring: Tau decreased hepatocyte edema (or even disappears), liver organ index, hepatocyte apoptosis and the number of autophagosomes in the liver. In addition, Tau also decreased Bax, cleaved-caspase3/caspase3, LCII, Beclin 1, P-IKBα/IKBα and P-p65/p6 protein expression, and increased Bcl2, p62 and PPARγ protein expression in the liver of GDM offspring rats. CONCLUSION: Taurine should be considered as a potential gestational nutritional supplement to prevent liver damage in GDM offspring.
Elevated Hepatic Steatosis Index is Associated with the Development of Adverse Maternal, but Not Adverse Neonatal, Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether an elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI), a non-invasive test for possible metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), is associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at two tertiary hospitals from August 2014 to December 2017. Aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransaminase (ALT) levels obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were extracted and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The HSI was calculated using the following equation: 8 × (ALT/AST ratio) + BMI (+2 if female; +2 if diabetes mellitus present) and considered elevated if >36. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to quantify the association between elevated HSI and each composite adverse pregnancy outcome after adjusting for independent maternal risk factors. RESULTS: Over 40-months, 11929 women were eligible and of these, 1885 had liver enzymes collected. Women with an elevated HSI (>36) were more likely multiparous and overweight/obese compared to those women with a non-elevated HSI (≤36). Elevated HSI was significantly associated with a composite of adverse maternal outcomes (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.55 95% CI 1.11-2.17, p=0.01), although a non-significant increased risk of a composite of adverse neonatal outcomes occurred after multivariable adjustment (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 0.94-1.45, p=0.17). CONCLUSION: Over and above known maternal risk factors, women with elevated HSI were more likely to develop adverse maternal, but not adverse neonatal outcomes.
The gut microbiota in infants of obese mothers increases inflammation and susceptibility to NAFLD.; Maternal obesity is associated with increased risk for offspring obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the causal drivers of this association are unclear. Early colonization of the infant gut by microbes plays a critical role in establishing immunity and metabolic function. Here, we compare germ-free mice colonized with stool microbes (MB) from 2-week-old infants born to obese (Inf-ObMB) or normal-weight (Inf-NWMB) mothers. Inf-ObMB-colonized mice demonstrate increased hepatic gene expression for endoplasmic reticulum stress and innate immunity together with histological signs of periportal inflammation, a histological pattern more commonly reported in pediatric cases of NAFLD. Inf-ObMB mice show increased intestinal permeability, reduced macrophage phagocytosis, and dampened cytokine production suggestive of impaired macrophage function. Furthermore, exposure to a Western-style diet in Inf-ObMB mice promotes excess weight gain and accelerates NAFLD. Overall, these results provide functional evidence supporting a causative role of maternal obesity-associated infant dysbiosis in childhood obesity and NAFLD.
Birthweight influences liver structure, function and disease risk: Evidence of a causal association.; AIM: Low birthweight is an issue during pregnancy associated with an increased risk of developing liver disease later in life. Previous Mendelian randomisation (MR) studies which explored this issue have not isolated the direct impact of the foetus on birthweight. In the present study, MR was used to assess whether direct foetal effects on birthweight were causally associated with liver structure, function and disease risk independent of intrauterine effects. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We extracted single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) about direct foetal-affected birthweight (321 223 cases) to conduct univariable and multivariable MR analyses to explore the relationships between birthweight and 4 liver structure measures, 9 liver function measures and 18 liver diseases. A two-step MR analysis was used to further assess and quantify the mediating effects of the mediators. RESULTS: When isolating direct foetal effects, genetically predicted lower birthweight was associated with a higher risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (odds ratios [OR], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.61, 1.29-2.02, p < 0.001), higher magnetic resonance imaging [MRI] proton density fat fraction (PDFF) and higher serum gamma glutamyltransferase (GGT). Two-step MR identified two candidate mediators that partially mediate the direct foetal effect of lower birthweight on NAFLD, including fasting insulin (proportion mediated: 22.29%) and triglycerides (6.50%). CONCLUSIONS: Our MR analysis reveals a direct causal association between lower birthweight and liver MRI PDFF, as well as the development of NAFLD, which persisted even after accounting for the potential influence of maternal factors. In addition, we identified fasting insulin and triglycerides as mediators linking birthweight and hepatic outcomes, providing insights for early clinical interventions.
Pregnancy outcome in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a prospective cohort study.; AIM: The purpose of this investigation was to examine the potential association between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes during pregnancy. BACKGROUND: Gaining insights into the effect of NAFLD on pregnancy outcomes is essential to ensure the health and well-being of mothers and infants. METHODS: This prospective cohort study was conducted at Imam Khomeini and Razi hospitals of Ahvaz City in 2022. Totally, 180 pregnant women in the NAFLD group to 180 in the control group. In this study, a researcher-made checklist was used to collect the background information, medical history, and lab data during their initial visit using. Follow-up continued until one week after delivery, with pregnancy outcomes assessed. Statistical analysis used student's t-test and the Chi-Square test for group comparisons. RESULTS: Significant differences were observed between the NAFLD, and control groups in terms of age (P=0.003), BMI (P=0.016), ALT and AST measures (P<0.001), and hypertensive complications (P=0.044). The NAFLD group had higher rates of gestational diabetes (P<0.001) and gestational hypertension (P=0.003). However, no significant differences were found in gestational age at delivery, early postpartum hemorrhage rates, birth weight, and neonatal Apgar scores (P>0.05). CONCLUSION: The pregnant women with NAFLD may be at risk for various complications during pregnancy, including a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes, elevated liver enzymes, and higher blood pressure compared to healthy pregnant women. However, the research failed to identify any statistically significant disparities between infants born to mothers with NAFLD and those delivered to healthy mothers in relation to birth weight, Apgar scores, or neonatal mortality.
Predisposed obesity and long-term metabolic diseases from maternal exposure to fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) - A review of its effect and potential mechanisms.; Ambient air pollution is one of the most serious public health problems over the last decade. It causes about 4.2 million deaths worldwide each year, and fine particulate matter (PM2(.5)) is one of the major components of air pollution. Many chronic non-communicable diseases may originate from the early-life environment that alters the development of offspring. Pregnancy and lactation are plastic "window periods" for offspring metabolism, during which PM(2.5) exposure is associated with long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring. In this review, we summarized the scientific evidence from both epidemiological and toxicological studies, which suggest that perinatal exposure to PM(2.5) causes obesity and metabolic diseases in progeny, including hypertension, cardiometabolic dysfunction, diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Therefore, prevention strategies are needed to inform government policies and clinical counseling to reduce maternal exposure and its associated health hazards, and ultimately improve the quality of the newborn population.
Maternal HBsAg carriers and pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis of 85,190 pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Nowadays, a positive HBV carrier status is common among pregnant women, especially in endemic areas (such as China), little is known about the impact of maternal HBV infection on the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women with HBV infection often develop obstetric complications, such as pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) syndrome, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and their infants often exhibit neonatal complications. METHODS: This study undertook a retrospective cohort analysis to explore the association of HBV carrier status with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A cohort of 85,190 women including 9699 HBsAg-positive and 73,076 HBsAg-negative pregnancies was retrospectively analyzed. RESULTS: It's found that HBsAg-positive pregnancies may result in higher risk of various maternal outcomes such as ICP (OR 3.4,95%CI 2.80 to 4.13), postpartum hemorrhage (OR 1.16,95%CI 1.00 to 1.34). Interestingly, there was a decreased risk of Preeclampsia (OR 0.91,95%CI 0.87 to 0.96), premature rupture of membrane (OR 0.91,95%CI 0.87 to 0.96) and gestational hypertension (OR 0.828,95%CI 0.701 to 0.978). And in vaginal delivery subgroup analysis, It's found that the HBsAg-positive group had a higher risk of placental abruption (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.16-1.79). CONCLUSIONS: The present results suggest that compared with HBV positive pregnancies were more likely to be ICP and postpartum hemorrhage. HBV-positive pregnant women underwent vaginal delivery were more likely to have placental abruption and premature birth compared with HBV-negative women. Obstetricians should be aware of ICP, postpartum hemorrhage, placental abruption and premature birth in HBV-positive pregnant women.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health.; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
Maternal high-fat diet disrupted one-carbon metabolism in offspring, contributing to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Pregnant women may transmit their metabolic phenotypes to their offspring, enhancing the risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); however, the molecular mechanisms remain unclear. METHODS: Prior to pregnancy female mice were fed either a maternal normal-fat diet (NF-group, "no effectors"), or a maternal high-fat diet (HF-group, "persistent effectors"), or were transitioned from a HF to a NF diet before pregnancy (H9N-group, "effectors removal"), followed by pregnancy and lactation, and then offspring were fed high-fat diets after weaning. Offspring livers were analysed by functional studies, as well as next-generation sequencing for gene expression profiles and DNA methylation changes. RESULTS: The HF, but not the H9N offspring, displayed glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis. The HF offspring also displayed a disruption of lipid homeostasis associated with an altered methionine cycle and abnormal one-carbon metabolism that caused DNA hypermethylation and L-carnitine depletion associated with deactivated AMPK signalling and decreased expression of PPAR-α and genes for fatty acid oxidation. These changes were not present in H9N offspring. In addition, we identified maternal HF diet-induced genes involved in one-carbon metabolism that were associated with DNA methylation modifications in HF offspring. Importantly, the DNA methylation modifications and their associated gene expression changes were reversed in H9N offspring livers. CONCLUSIONS: Our results demonstrate for the first time that maternal HF diet disrupted the methionine cycle and one-carbon metabolism in offspring livers which further altered lipid homeostasis. CpG islands of specific genes involved in one-carbon metabolism modified by different maternal diets were identified.
Acute fatty liver of pregnancy: over six months follow-up study of twenty-five patients.; AIM: To evaluate the prognosis of patients with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) 6 mo or longer after discharge. METHODS: The records of pregnant patients diagnosed with AFLP at Beijing Ditan Hospital over a 16-year period were reviewed in November 2012. Patients were monitored using abdominal ultrasound, liver and kidney functions, and routine blood examination. RESULTS: A total of 42 patients were diagnosed with AFLP during the study period, and 25 were followed. The mean follow-up duration was 54.5 mo (range: 6.5-181 mo). All patients were in good physical condition, but one patient had gestational diabetes. The renal and liver functions normalized in all patients after recovery, including in those with pre-existing liver or kidney failure. The ultrasound findings were normal in 12 patients, an increasingly coarsened echo-pattern and increased echogenicity of the liver in 10 patients, and mild to moderate fatty liver infiltration in 3 patients. Cirrhosis or liver nodules were not observed in any patient. CONCLUSION: Acute liver failure and acute renal failure in AFLP patients is reversible. Patients do not require any specific long-term follow-up after recovery from AFLP if their liver function tests have normalized and they remain well.
Fructose Consumption During Pregnancy Influences Milk Lipid Composition and Offspring Lipid Profiles in Guinea Pigs.; Excess dietary fructose is a major public health concern (1-4). Evidence shows increased fructose intake can cause insulin resistance, hepatic de novo lipogenesis, hypertriglyceridemia, obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (5-9). However, little is known about the effects of fructose during pregnancy and its influence on offspring development and predisposition to later-life disease. To determine whether moderately increased maternal fructose intake could have health consequences on offspring, we have investigated the effects of 10% w/v fructose water intake during preconception and pregnancy. Female Dunkin Hartley guinea pigs were fed a control diet (CD) or fructose diet (FD;10% kcal from fructose) ad-libitum 60 days prior to mating and throughout gestation. Offspring were culled at weaning, day 21 (d21). Compared to CD dams, FD dams had altered glucose metabolism and increased milk free fatty acid content. Matsuda-DeFronzo insulin sensitivity index (M-ISI) from OGTT plasma showed no significant difference in whole-body insulin sensitivity between FD and CD dams 60 days post-dietary intervention and during midgestation. Fetal exposure to increased maternal fructose resulted in offspring with significantly altered serum free fatty acids at days 0, 7, 14, and 21 [including pentadecanoic acid (15:0), dma16:0, margaric acid (17:0) palmitoleic acid, total omega-7 and total saturates], increased levels of uric acid and triglycerides were also observed at d21. We have demonstrated that increased fructose intake during pregnancy can cause significant changes in maternal metabolic function and milk composition, which alters offspring metabolism. Taken together, these changes in pregnancy outcomes and feto-maternal condition may underlie their offspring's predisposition to metabolic dysfunction during later-life.
Deletion of pleiotrophin impairs glucose tolerance and liver metabolism in pregnant mice: Moonlighting role of glycerol kinase.; Pleiotrophin is a pleiotropic cytokine that has been demonstrated to have a critical role in regulating energy metabolism, lipid turnover and plasticity of adipose tissue. Here, we hypothesize that this cytokine can be involved in regulatory processes of glucose and lipid homeostasis in the liver during pregnancy. Using 18-days pregnant Ptn-deficient mice, we evaluated the biochemical profile (circulating variables), tissue mRNA expression (qPCR) and protein levels of key enzymes and transcription factors involved in main metabolic pathways. Ptn deletion was associated with a reduction in body weight gain, hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance. Moreover, we observed an impairment in glucose synthesis and degradation during late pregnancy in Ptn(-/-) mice. Hepatic lipid content was significantly lower (73.6%) in Ptn(-/-) mice and was associated with a clear reduction in fatty acid, triacylglycerides and cholesterol synthesis. Ptn deletion was accompanying with a diabetogenic state in the mother and a decreased expression of key proteins involved in glucose and lipid uptake and metabolism. Moreover, Ptn(-/-) pregnant mice have a decreased expression of transcription factors, such as PPAR-α, regulating lipid uptake and glucose and lipid utilization. Furthermore, the augmented expression and nuclear translocation of glycerol kinase, and the decrease in NUR77 protein levels in the knock-out animals can further explain the alterations observed in hepatic glucose metabolism. Our results point out for the first time that pleiotrophin is an important player in maintaining hepatic metabolic homeostasis during late gestation, and further highlighted the moonlighting role of glycerol kinase in the regulation of maternal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
Maternal hepatitis B virus carrier status and pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Infection with hepatitis B virus (HBV) in pregnant women may be a threat for both mothers and fetuses. This study was performed to explore the impact of maternal HBV carrier status on pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study at the Obstetrics & Gynecology Hospital of Nantong University between January 1, 2012 and September 30, 2015. A consecutive sample of 21,004 pregnant women, 513 asymptomatic HBV carriers and 20,491 non-HBV controls, was included in this study. The main outcomes of interest were selected pregnancy outcomes including miscarriage, stillbirth, preterm birth (PTB), gestational diabetes (GDM), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), preterm premature rupture of the membrane (PPROM), low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA) and Apgar scores. The incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes between asymptomatic HBV carriers and non-HBV controls were compared using the chi-square test and logistic regression. P values were two sided, and P <0.05 was considered to indicate statistical significance. RESULTS: The incidences of stillbirth, PTB, GDM, ICP, PPROM, LBW, and SGA were similar between the HBV carrier and non-HBV groups. The proportion of miscarriage was significantly higher among the HBV carriers than the controls (9.36% vs 5.70%; P <0.001). After using multivariate modelling to adjust for possible socio-demographical variables and obstetric complications, women with HBV carrier status were still more likely to have miscarriage (adjusted OR 1.71, 95% CI 1.23-2.38). In addition, the incidences of other maternal and neonatal outcomes were similar between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Maternal HBV carrier status may be an independent risk factor for miscarriage and careful surveillance is warranted.
Early-Life Exposure to Famine and Risk of Metabolic Associated Fatty Liver Disease in Chinese Adults.; BACKGROUND: Early-life exposure to the Chinese famine has been related to the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease later in life. Nevertheless, the long-term impact of famine exposure on metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), a recently proposed term to describe liver disease associated with known metabolic dysfunction, remains unknown. The aim of our study was to explore the relationship between early famine exposure and MAFLD in adulthood. METHODS: A total of 26,821 participants (10,994 men, 15,827 women) were recruited from a cohort study of Chinese adults in Shanghai. We categorized participants into four famine exposure subgroups based on the birth year as nonexposed (1963-1967), fetal-exposed (1959-1962), childhood-exposed (1949-1958), and adolescence-exposed (1941-1948). MAFLD was defined as liver steatosis detected by ultrasound plus one of the following three criteria: overweight/obesity, type 2 diabetes, or evidence of metabolic dysregulation. Multivariable logistic regression models were performed to examine the association between famine exposure and MAFLD. RESULTS: The mean ± standard deviation age of the participants was 60.8 ± 6.8 years. The age-adjusted prevalence of MAFLD was 38.3, 40.8, 40.1, and 36.5% for the nonexposed, fetal-exposed, childhood-exposed, and adolescence-exposed subgroups, respectively. Compared with nonexposed participants, fetal-exposed participants showed an increased risk of adulthood MAFLD (OR = 1.10, 95% CI 1.00-1.21). The significant association between fetal famine exposure and MAFLD was observed in women (OR = 1.22, 95% CI 1.08-1.37), but not in men (OR = 0.88, 95% CI 0.75-1.03). In age-balanced analyses combining pre-famine and post-famine births as the reference, women exposed to famine in the fetal stage still had an increased risk of MAFLD (OR = 1.15, 95% CI 1.05-1.26). CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposure to famine showed a sex-specific association with the risk of MAFLD in adulthood.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Enriches Immune-Related Pathways in the Transcriptome and Methylome of Human Amniocytes.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. OBJECTIVE: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. DESIGN: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. RESULTS: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). CONCLUSION: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4-6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, well-controlled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor; her blood pressure was 102/63 mmHg, heart rate 78 beats/min and weight 53 kg (BMI 22.6 kg/m(2)). Laboratory data revealed low urine osmolality 89 mOsmol/kg (350-1000), serum osmolality 293 mOsmol/kg (278-295), serum sodium 144 mmol/l (135-145), potassium 4.1 mmol/l (3.5-5.0), urea 2.2 mmol/l (2.5-6.7), glucose 3.5 mmol/l and HbA1c 5.3%. Bilirubin, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and full blood count were normal. The patient was started on desmopressin with improvement in her symptoms, and normalisation of serum and urine osmolality (280 and 310 mOsmol/kg respectively). A fetus was delivered at the 39th week without major problems. After delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. Her sodium, serum/urine osmolality at 12-weeks post-partum were normal. A pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed the neurohypophyseal T1-bright spot situated ectopically, with a normal adenohypophysis and infundibulum. She remains clinically well, currently breastfeeding, and off all medication. This case illustrates some challenges in the diagnosis and management of transient gestational DI. LEARNING POINTS: Gestational DI is a rare complication of pregnancy occurring in two to four out of 100 000 pregnancies. It usually develops at the end of the second or third trimester of pregnancy and remits spontaneously 4-6 weeks after delivery.Gestational DI occurrence is related to excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts during pregnancy, which metabolises AVP. Its activity is proportional to the placental weight, explaining the higher vasopressinase activity in third trimester or in multiple pregnancies.Vasopressinase is metabolised by the liver, which most likely explains its higher concentrations in pregnant women with hepatic dysfunction, such acute fatty liver of pregnancy, HELLP syndrome, hepatitis and cirrhosis. Therefore, it is important to assess liver function in patients with gestational DI, and to be aware of the risk of DI in pregnant women with liver disease.Serum and urine osmolality are essential for the diagnosis, but other tests such as serum sodium, glucose, urea, creatinine, liver function may be informative. The water deprivation test is normally not recommended during pregnancy because it may lead to significant dehydration, but a pituitary MRI should be performed at some point to exclude lesions in the hypothalamo-pituitary region.These patients should be monitored for vital signs, fluid balance, body weight, fetal status, renal and liver function, and treated with desmopressin. The recommended doses are similar or slightly higher than those recommended for central DI in non-pregnant women, and should be titrated individually.
Diet-induced impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes in the dog.; Glucose metabolism was compared in dogs consuming a chow/meat diet throughout pregnancy (P group, n = 6) and dogs switched to a high-fat/high-fructose (HFF) diet during the 4th-5th gestational week (gestation ≃9 wk; P-HFF group; n = 6). An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT; 0.9 g/kg) was administered in the 6th-7th gestational week, and a hyperinsulinemic [0-120 min: 1.8 pmol·kg(-1)·min(-1) (low insulin); 120-240 min: 9 pmol·kg(-1)·min(-1) (high insulin)] euglycemic clamp was performed the following week. Nonpregnant (NP) female dogs underwent OGTTs but not clamp studies. All P-HFF dogs exhibited impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or gestational diabetes (GDM), but only one P dog had IGT. Insulin concentrations in P and P-HFF dogs were significantly lower than in NP dogs 30 and 60 min after the OGTT. Therefore, mean islet size and area were evaluated in P and NP dogs. These values did not differ between groups, and proliferating endocrine cells were rare in pregnancy. During exposure to high insulin, glucose infusion rate and hindlimb glucose uptake were ∼30% greater (P < 0.05) and net hepatic glucose output was more suppressed (-5.5 ± 6.1 vs. 7.8 ± 2.8 mg·100 g liver(-1)·min(-1), P < 0.05) in P than in P-HFF dogs. In conclusion, in the 2nd trimester the canine pancreas does not exhibit islet hypertrophy, hyperplasia, or neogenesis. Combined with the lack of pancreatic adaptation, a HFF diet during late pregnancy produces a canine model of IGT and GDM without hyperinsulinemia but exhibiting liver and muscle insulin resistance.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. METHODS: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. RESULTS: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25-2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53-2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31-2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. CONCLUSION: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Deficiency in catechol-o-methyltransferase is linked to a disruption of glucose homeostasis in mice.; 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), an estrogen metabolite generated via catechol-o-methyltransferase (COMT), is multifunctional methoxy-catechol. Here, we report that COMT deficiency leads to glucose intolerance and 2-ME rescues COMT-deficient-associated metabolic defects. Liver COMT protein was suppressed in high fat diet (HFD)-fed or in pregnant mice. COMT suppression, by Ro41-0960 or siRNA, in HFD fed mice or in pregnant mice exacerbated glucose intolerance; 2-ME intervention ameliorated these defects. 2-ME effects on glucose tolerance were associated with AMPK phosphorylation in the liver and in islet cells. Metformin restored liver COMT protein levels, and metformin-induced liver AMPK phosphorylation was abolished by COMT inhibition. The amelioration in glucose tolerance by 2-ME was associated with biphasic insulin secretion in an environment-dependent manner. 2-ME-induced insulin secretion was associated with the AMPK phosphorylation, PDX-1 phosphorylation, and MST-1 suppression in MIN-6 cells. Furthermore 2-ME displayed PPARγ agonist-like activity. These results suggest that COMT is an enzyme to maintain glucose homeostasis and 2-ME is a potential endogenous multi-target anti-diabetic candidate.
The prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To determine the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: 380 women with GDM had a FibroScan® performed between 24 and 32 weeks. A Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP) ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. Gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and eclampsia contributed to a composite of adverse maternal outcomes. A composite of adverse neonatal outcomes included pre-term birth, hypoglycaemia, small/large-for-gestational age and admission to neonatal high dependency. Multiple logistic regression was used to determine independent associations with MAFLD. RESULTS: 147 (38.7 %) women had MAFLD. Higher pre-pregnancy BMI (median 28.4, IQR 24.7-33.0 kg/m(2) vs median 24.0, IQR 21.7-26.5 kg/m(2), p < 0.01) and rates of insulin therapy (62.2 % vs 40.7 %, p < 0.01) occurred in MAFLD over non-MAFLD women. MAFLD was independently associated with obesity (aOR 4.73 [95 % CI 2.53-8.86]) and insulin therapy (aOR 1.79 [95 % CI 1.12-2.85]). MAFLD and non-MAFLD women had comparable rates of adverse maternal (7.7 % vs 9.5 %, p = 0.56) and neonatal outcomes (75.4 % vs 68.8 %, p = 0.18). CONCLUSIONS: Within this GDM cohort, almost 40% had FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in mid-to-late gestation. MAFLD was not associated with worse pregnancy outcomes.
Impairments of insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Chinese women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: To evaluate insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Han Chinese women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In total, 81 women with GDM and 81 age-matched healthy controls were evaluated with a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at gestational weeks 24-28. Plasma glucose concentrations were measured at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT. Fasting plasma insulin, glucagon and amino acids were also measured. Insulin and glucagon sensitivity were assessed by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and glucagon-alanine index, respectively. RESULTS: As expected, plasma glucose concentrations were higher at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT in GDM participants (p < .001 each). Both the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index were higher in GDM participants. There was a weak positive correlation between HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index (r = 0.24, p = .0024). Combining the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index yielded better capacity (area under the curve = 0.878) than either alone (area under the curve = 0.828 for HOMA-IR and 0.751 for glucagon-alanine index, respectively) in differentiating GDM from healthy participants. While the majority of GDM participants (64%) exhibited both reduced insulin and glucagon sensitivity, a third of them presented either reduced insulin (20%) or glucagon (14%) sensitivity alone. HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index correlated differentially with fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, sum of amino acids and hepatic steatosis index. CONCLUSIONS: Impairments of both insulin and glucagon sensitivity occur frequently in Chinese women with GDM, which may, individually or together, drive metabolic derangements in GDM. These observations provide new insights into the pathophysiology of GDM and support the need to target insulin or glucagon resistance, or both, in the management of GDM.
Transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.; INTRODUCTION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of adults in the United States. Transient elastography (TE) (Fibroscan, Echosens, Paris, France) with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to evaluate liver steatosis and liver stiffness. The primary objective of this study was to assess prevalence of elevated liver stiffness and steatosis immediately postpartum. Furthermore, we sought to evaluate whether there were differences in rates of metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) and pre-pregnancy conditions (type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic hypertension, and obesity) in those with elevated postpartum liver steatosis/liver stiffness. METHODS: IRB approved prospective cross-sectional study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1-2 days postpartum. CAP ≥300 dB/m was classified as significant steatosis. Increased liver stiffness was defined as ≥7 kPa. Prevalence was determined by proportion of individuals undergoing TE/CAP who met criteria. Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. RESULTS: Eighty-nine patients were included: 20 (22%) had GDM, 13 (15%) had gestational hypertension, and 15 (17%) had preeclampsia. Women with kPa ≥7 were more likely to have ALT ≥25, type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia (p < .05). Pre-gravid BMI, BMI at delivery, and GDM were not associated with increased kPa. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP ≥ 300 dB/m (p < .05). GDM, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were not associated with CAP ≥300 dB/m. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with preeclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and ≥30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not impact liver stiffness. GDM was not associated with increased liver stiffness or steatosis. Consideration should be made for screening pregnant patients with preeclampsia, type 2 DM and overweight or obese BMI for liver disease in the postpartum period with potential for lifestyle intervention.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring.; BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM: To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS: The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS: A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION: This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver.
Hepatic glucose metabolism in late pregnancy: normal versus high-fat and -fructose diet.; Net hepatic glucose uptake (NHGU) is an important contributor to postprandial glycemic control. We hypothesized that NHGU is reduced during normal pregnancy and in a pregnant diet-induced model of impaired glucose intolerance/gestational diabetes mellitus (IGT/GDM). Dogs (n = 7 per group) that were nonpregnant (N), normal pregnant (P), or pregnant with IGT/GDM (pregnant dogs fed a high-fat and -fructose diet [P-HFF]) underwent a hyperinsulinemic-hyperglycemic clamp with intraportal glucose infusion. Clamp period insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations and hepatic glucose loads did not differ among groups. The N dogs reached near-maximal NHGU rates within 30 min; mean ± SEM NHGU was 105 ± 9 µmol·100 g liver⁻¹·min⁻¹. The P and P-HFF dogs reached maximal NHGU in 90-120 min; their NHGU was blunted (68 ± 9 and 16 ± 17 µmol·100 g liver⁻¹·min⁻¹, respectively). Hepatic glycogen synthesis was reduced 20% in P versus N and 40% in P-HFF versus P dogs. This was associated with a reduction (>70%) in glycogen synthase activity in P-HFF versus P and increased glycogen phosphorylase (GP) activity in both P (1.7-fold greater than N) and P-HFF (1.8-fold greater than P) dogs. Thus, NHGU under conditions mimicking the postprandial state is delayed and suppressed in normal pregnancy, with concomitant reduction in glycogen storage. NHGU is further blunted in IGT/GDM. This likely contributes to postprandial hyperglycemia during pregnancy, with potential adverse outcomes for the fetus and mother.
Can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a part of the metabolic syndrome and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether unexplained elevated ALT in early pregnancy has any effect in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. In this study, the relationship between birth weights of LGA babies and babies with normal weight for gestational age (AGA) and ALT values measured in early pregnancy was evaluated. While a positive, moderately strong, statistically significant correlation was found between infant birth weight and ALT levels in LGA babies this correlation was continued when GDM was not detected and ALT levels were below 36 U/L. Foetal macrosomia, which can develop in advanced gestational weeks, can be predicted with this cheap, easy and simple method that can be checked in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be shaped accordingly.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? It is suggested that asymptomatic high ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus.What do the results of this study add? Asymptomatic elevated ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Macrosomic foetus development can be predicted with abnormal results obtained with this simple, cheap and easy measurement method measured in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be managed accordingly.
Transgenerational Obesity and Alteration of ARHGEF11 in the Rat Liver Induced by Intrauterine Hyperglycemia.; It is understood that intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of obesity and diabetes in offspring of consecutive generations but its mechanisms remain obscure. This study is aimed at establishing an intrauterine hyperglycemia rat model to investigate the growth and glycolipid metabolic characteristics in transgenerational offspring and discuss the effects of Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor 11 (ARHGEF11) and the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in offspring development. The severe intrauterine hyperglycemia rat model was caused by STZ injection before mating, while offspring development and glycolipid metabolism were observed for the following two generations. The expression of ARHGEF11, ROCK1, PI3K, and AKT was tested in the liver and muscle tissue of F2 offspring. The results showed severe growth restriction in F1 offspring and obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance in female F2 offspring, especially the offspring of female intrauterine hyperglycemia-exposed parents (F2G♀C♂) and both (F2G♀G♂). The expression of ARHGEF11 and ROCK1 was significantly elevated; PI3K and phosphorylation of AKT were significantly decreased in liver tissues of F2G♀C♂ and F2G♀G♂. Our study revealed that intrauterine hyperglycemia could cause obesity and abnormal glycolipid metabolism in female transgenerational offspring; the programming effect of the intrauterine environment could cause a more obvious phenotype in the maternal line. Further exploration suggested that increased expression of ARHGEF11 and ROCK1 and the decreased expression of PI3K and phosphorylation of AKT in the liver could be responsible for the abnormal development in F2 offspring.
Low birth weight and catch-up-growth associated with metabolic syndrome: a ten year systematic review.; OBJECTIVE: We conducted a systematic review in order to: i. summarize the relationship between low birth weight, catch-up-growth and the metabolic syndrome, from publications during the past 10 years; and ii. study the potential role of an alternative nutritional approach to side effects of catch-up-growth. METHODS: We reviewed all papers published in the past ten years assessing the possible association between low birth weight, catch-up-growth and the occurrence of some components of the metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. RESULTS: We found 57 studies which described the relationship between metabolic syndrome associated features and low birth weight and catch-up-growth. The majority of the studies in children, adolescents and adults born small for gestational age (SGA) suggested that insulin resistance could represent the prelude to other metabolic disorders. CONCLUSIONS: Both low birth weight and catch-up-growth seem to correlate with some aspects of a later metabolic syndrome.
Ceramide on the road to insulin resistance and immunometabolic disorders in transition dairy cows: driver or passenger?; Dairy cows must undergo profound metabolic and endocrine adaptations during their transition period to meet the nutrient requirements of the developing fetus, parturition, and the onset of lactation. Insulin resistance in extrahepatic tissues is a critical component of homeorhetic adaptations in periparturient dairy cows. However, due to increased energy demands at calving that are not followed by a concomitant increase in dry matter intake, body stores are mobilized, and the risk of metabolic disorders dramatically increases. Sphingolipid ceramides involved in multiple vital biological processes, such as proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, and inflammation. Three typical pathways generate ceramide, and many factors contribute to its production as part of the cell's stress response. Based on lipidomic profiling, there has generally been an association between increased ceramide content and various disease outcomes in rodents. Emerging evidence shows that ceramides might play crucial roles in the adaptive metabolic alterations accompanying the initiation of lactation in dairy cows. A series of studies also revealed a negative association between circulating ceramides and systemic insulin sensitivity in dairy cows experiencing severe negative energy balance. Whether ceramide acts as a driver or passenger in the metabolic stress of periparturient dairy cows is an unknown but exciting topic. In the present review, we discuss the potential roles of ceramides in various metabolic dysfunctions and the impacts of their perturbations. We also discuss how this novel class of bioactive sphingolipids has drawn interest in extrahepatic tissue insulin resistance and immunometabolic disorders in transition dairy cows. We also discuss the possible use of ceramide as a new biomarker for predicting metabolic diseases in cows and highlight the remaining problems.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia induces liver inflammation in mouse male offspring.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy characterized by intrauterine hyperglycemia, which is often associated with a high risk of obesity and diabetes in the offspring. In this study, we established a GDM mouse model by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin to investigate the immuno-inflammatory responses in the liver of adult offspring. Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were employed to evaluate the glucose tolerance status. Hematoxylin-eosin staining was used to examine the histological changes in the liver. Quantitative real-timePCR (qRT-PCR) was applied to examine the mRNA expression of immune factors. Western blot and immunofluorescence analyses were used to examine the expression of target protein. Additionally, cell experiments were performed to validate the in vivo results. Compared to the control group, the area of fat vacuoles and the number of lymphocyte cells were significantly higher in the 20 weeks-old offspring of GDM mice. The elevated mRNA level of the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1β, IL-6, IL-33 and immune receptors CD3 and CD36 were found in the liver of F1-GDM. The protein level of IL-6r and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were significantly up-regulated. Moreover, the mRNA level of IL-6, IL-1β and IL-33 and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were also up-regulated in the hepatocyte treated with high concentration of glucose. Our results suggest that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with increased inflammation in the liver of adult male offspring.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes.; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06-3.31), 2.26 (1.96-2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21-3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell's C-index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM.
The associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis.; BACKGROUND: Associations of liver function with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the relationship and the potential causality between maternal liver biomarkers and the risk of subsequent GDM, as well as to evaluate the interaction between liver biomarkers and lipids on GDM risk. METHODS: In an ongoing Zhoushan Pregnant Women Cohort, pregnant women who finished the first prenatal follow-up record, underwent liver function tests in early pregnancy, and completed the GDM screening were included in this study. Logistic regression models were used to investigate the association, and the inverse-variance weighted method supplemented with other methods of two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was applied to deduce the causality. RESULTS: Among 9,148 pregnant women, 1,668 (18.2%) developed GDM. In general, the highest quartile of liver function index (LFI), including ALT, AST, GGT, ALP, and hepatic steatosis index, was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (OR ranging from 1.29 to 3.15), especially an elevated risk of abnormal postprandial blood glucose level. Moreover, the causal link between ALT and GDM was confirmed by the MR analysis (OR=1.28, 95%CI:1.05-1.54). A significant interaction between AST/ALT and TG on GDM risk was observed (P (interaction) = 0.026). CONCLUSION: Elevated levels of LFI in early pregnancy were remarkably associated with an increased risk of GDM in our prospective cohort. Besides, a positive causal link between ALT and GDM was suggested.
Relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during and after pregnancy.; While non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-pregnant patients, the clinical significance of NAFLD during pregnancy is still unclear. We hypothesized that sonographic findings of NAFLD during pregnancy would be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and predict abnormal postpartum glucose metabolism. NAFLD was assessed by ultrasound during and after pregnancy. Standard 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was used during pregnancy and post partum to establish GDM and the diagnosis of normal, impaired fasting glucose, or DM. We also measured plasma insulin, C peptide, and free fatty acids (FFA) concentration during an OGTT to evaluate glucose tolerance, insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Of the 84 subjects, 12 had sonographic evidence of NAFLD (5 of whom had OGTT post partum). There was a non-significant trend toward higher mean weight and body mass index during and after gestation in the NAFLD group, but no statistically significant differences in mean age, ethnicity, prepregnancy and postpregnancy hemoglobin A1C values, and postpartum levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), glucose, insulin, or FFA. We did not find an association between sonographic evidence of NAFLD during the third trimester of pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during or after pregnancy. This study also suggests that while AST and ALT are not reliable diagnostic tools for NAFLD during the postpartum period, ultrasound is a reasonably safe, practical, and cost-effective modality to assess maternal hepatic fat during pregnancy.
Maternal Hyperleptinemia Improves Offspring Insulin Sensitivity in Mice.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are prevalent worldwide. Offspring of mothers with these conditions weigh more and are predisposed to metabolic syndrome. A hallmark of both conditions is maternal hyperleptinemia, but the role of elevated leptin levels during pregnancy on developmental programming is largely unknown. We previously found that offspring of hyperleptinemic mothers weighed less and had increased activity. The goal of this study was to determine whether maternal leptin affects offspring insulin sensitivity by investigating offspring glucose metabolism and lipid accumulation. Offspring from two maternal hyperleptinemic models were compared. The first model of hyperleptinemia is the Lepr(db/+) mouse, which has a mutation in one copy of the gene that encodes the leptin receptor, resulting in a truncated long form of the receptor, and hyperleptinemia. Wild-type females served as the control for the Lepr(db/+) females. For the second hyperleptinemic model, wild-type females were implanted with miniosmotic pumps, which released leptin (350 ng/h) or saline (as the control) just prior to mating and throughout gestation. In the offspring of these dams, we measured glucose tolerance; serum leptin, insulin, and triglyceride levels; liver triglycerides; pancreatic α- and β-cell numbers; body composition; incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; and the expression of key metabolic genes in the liver and adipose tissue. We found that the offspring of hyperleptinemic dams exhibited improved glucose tolerance, reduced insulin and leptin concentrations, reduced liver triglycerides, and a lower incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Overall, maternal hyperleptinemia was beneficial for offspring glucose and lipid metabolism.
The postnatal window is critical for the development of sex-specific metabolic and gut microbiota outcomes in offspring.; The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) concept has been proposed to explain the influence of environmental conditions during critical developmental stages on the risk of diseases in adulthood. The aim of this study was to compare the impact of the prenatal vs. postnatal environment on the gut microbiota in dams during the preconception, gestation and lactation periods and their consequences on metabolic outcomes in offspring. Here we used the cross-fostering technique, e.g. the exchange of pups following birth to a foster dam, to decipher the metabolic effects of the intrauterine versus postnatal environmental exposures to a polyphenol-rich cranberry extract (CE). CE administration to high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS)-fed dams improved glucose homeostasis and reduced liver steatosis in association with a shift in the maternal gut microbiota composition. Unexpectedly, we observed that the postnatal environment contributed to metabolic outcomes in female offspring, as revealed by adverse effects on adiposity and glucose metabolism, while no effect was observed in male offspring. In addition to the strong sexual dimorphism, we found a significant influence of the nursing mother on the community structure of the gut microbiota based on α-diversity and β-diversity indices in offspring. Gut microbiota transplantation (GMT) experiments partly reproduced the observed phenotype in female offspring. Our data support the concept that the postnatal environment represents a critical window to influence future sex-dependent metabolic outcomes in offspring that are causally but partly linked with gut microbiome alterations.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. AIM: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). METHODS: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. CONCLUSION: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in Xiamen, China.; BACKGROUND: It has been reported that earlier age at menarche is associated with a higher risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus is inconsistent across studies. We hypothesized that an earlier age at menarche would predict the gestational diabetes mellitus risk. METHODS: This was a population-based, retrospective cohort study of 70,041 women aged 18 to 53 years old, conducted between 2011 and 2018. The subjects were recruited from the Medical Birth Registry in Xiamen, China. Age at menarche was categorized as 8-12, 13, 14, 15, 16-19 years old. Logistic regression analysis and spline analysis was used to assess the risk of the menarche age group for gestational diabetes mellitus. Linear regression analysis was performed to evaluate independent associations between age at menarche and fasting plasma glucose and blood glucose 1 hour and 2 hours after a 75-g of glucose load between 24 and 28 weeks' gestation. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of GDM was 17.6%. After adjustment for family history of diabetes, earlier age at menarche (8-12, and 13 years old) was associated with increased odds for GDM (OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.02-1.15, and OR, 1.07; 95% CI, 1.03-1.14, respectively) compared with average age at menarche (14 years old). With further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index, blood pressure, educational level, age at delivery, and hepatitis B surface antigen status, this association was attenuated (OR, 0.93, and OR, 1.02, respectively). Multivariable-adjusted spline regression models showed a linear dose-response association between age at menarche and GDM (P for nonlinearity, 0.203; P for linearity, 0.006). On linear regression analysis, earlier age at menarche was significantly associated with increased blood glucose one and 2 hours after a glucose load but not with the fasting plasma glucose. CONCLUSIONS: As expected, early age at menarche was found to be associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. However, this association may be mediated by potential confounding factors other than age. An additional finding was that earlier menarche was significantly related with elevated pregnancy glucose concentrations after a glucose load.
Parental metabolic syndrome epigenetically reprograms offspring hepatic lipid metabolism in mice.; The prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing worldwide. Although gene-environment interactions have been implicated in the etiology of several disorders, the impact of paternal and/or maternal metabolic syndrome on the clinical phenotypes of offspring and the underlying genetic and epigenetic contributors of NAFLD have not been fully explored. To this end, we used the liver-specific insulin receptor knockout (LIRKO) mouse, a unique nondietary model manifesting 3 hallmarks that confer high risk for the development of NAFLD: hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. We report that parental metabolic syndrome epigenetically reprograms members of the TGF-β family, including neuronal regeneration-related protein (NREP) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15). NREP and GDF15 modulate the expression of several genes involved in the regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism. In particular, NREP downregulation increases the protein abundance of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase (HMGCR) and ATP-citrate lyase (ACLY) in a TGF-β receptor/PI3K/protein kinase B-dependent manner, to regulate hepatic acetyl-CoA and cholesterol synthesis. Reduced hepatic expression of NREP in patients with NAFLD and substantial correlations between low serum NREP levels and the presence of steatosis and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis highlight the clinical translational relevance of our findings in the context of recent preclinical trials implicating ACLY in NAFLD progression.
Altered local RAS in the liver increased the risk of NAFLD in male mouse offspring produced by in vitro fertilization.; BACKGROUND: Assisted reproductive technology (ART) is associated with an increased risk of adverse metabolic health in offspring, and these findings have been demonstrated in animal models without parental infertility issues. However, it is unclear what changes lead to abnormal metabolism. The activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) has been related to various aspects of metabolic syndrome. Thus, we focused on the local RAS of the liver, which is the central organ for glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring conceived by in vitro fertilization (IVF), and studied the role of local liver RAS in metabolic diseases. METHODS: Male C57BL/6 mouse offspring obtained by natural pregnancy and IVF were fed a standard chow diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) from 4 weeks of age through 16 weeks of age. We assessed glucose and lipid metabolism, hepatic histopathology, and the gene and protein expression of key RAS components. In addition, the blocker losartan was used from 4 weeks of age through 16 weeks of age to investigate the regulatory mechanisms of abnormal local RAS on metabolic activity in the IVF offspring liver. RESULTS: The growth trajectories of IVF offspring body and liver weights were different from those of naturally pregnant offspring. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and insulin resistance (IR) occurred in IVF-conceived male offspring. After continuous HFD feeding, male offspring in the IVF group underwent earlier and more severe IR. Furthermore, there was a trend of lipid accumulation in the livers of chow-fed IVF offspring. Hepatic steatosis was also more serious in the IVF offspring after HFD treatment. Type 1 receptor (AT1R), which is the primary receptor mediating the action of angiotensin (Ang) II, has been confirmed to be upregulated in IVF offspring livers. Losartan reduced or even eliminated most of the significant differences between the IVF and NC groups after HFD consumption. CONCLUSIONS: The upregulation of AT1R expression in the liver increased the activity of the local RAS, resulting in abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism and lipid accumulation in the liver, significantly increasing the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in IVF offspring.
Fatty liver--current look at the old disease.; The report is devoted to the presentation of aetiological factors causing fatty liver, including alcohol, obesity, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipoproteinaemias and drugs. The author discusses morphological changes typical for the fatty liver such as large or small fatty droplets in hepatocytes and rarely coexisting hepatitis (so-called steatohepatitis). The work presents symptoms, changes in biochemical analyses of serum as well as methods of the liver visualisation used in the diagnostics of fatty liver. The treatment in based on the elimination of aetiological factors and properly balanced diet with support of pharmacotherapy in selected cases.
Increased risk of preterm birth in women with autoimmune hepatitis - a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The aim of our study was to investigate the risks of pregnancy and childbirth complications in women with autoimmune hepatitis compared to the population controls. METHODS: In a nationwide cohort study of all pregnancies between 2006 and 2011 we investigated the risks of adverse pregnancy outcome in 171 births in women with diagnosed autoimmune hepatitis using the data from the Swedish Medical Birth and Patient Registries. Births to women without autoimmune hepatitis served as population controls (n = 576 642). Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using Poisson regression models adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Women with AIH had an increased risk of gestational diabetes (RR = 4.35, 95% CI 2.21-8.57), of preterm birth (RR = 3.21, 95% CI 1.97-4.92) and of low-birth-weight child (RR = 2.51, 95% CI 1.51-4.19). We found no statistically significant association between autoimmune hepatitis and pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, low 5-min Apgar score, small for gestational age birth, congenital malformation and neonatal mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Autoimmune hepatitis is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. High quality prenatal and antenatal care is important for women with autoimmune hepatitis and their infants.
The prevalence of metabolic associated fatty liver detected by FibroScan® in women with gestational diabetes in a multiethnic population.; AIMS: Metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and has been increasingly associated with gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the prevalence of MAFLD in women with GDM in the antenatal period. METHODS: 108 pregnant women with GDM diagnosed on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test were enrolled from a multiethnic cohort attending a large obstetrics clinic in Sydney, Australia and had a single FibroScan® assessment after 24 weeks gestation to assess for hepatic steatosis and fibrosis. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) cut-off score of ≥ 233.5 dB/m was chosen to signify presence of hepatic steatosis which indicates MAFLD. Obstetric, anthropometric and metabolic measures were analysed. RESULTS: 29 (26.9%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD, whilst none had evidence of hepatic fibrosis. Increased maternal BMI (aOR 1.12, 95% CI: 1.04-1.20) was associated with the finding of MAFLD in this cohort. CONCLUSIONS: We found a significant antenatal prevalence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in this cohort of multiethnic women with GDM. FibroScan® is a safe and rapid assessment tool which may have a role in screening for MAFLD in pregnancy in appropriate at-risk women.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications among Sri Lankan women: A cross sectional analytical study.; BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the commonest cause of liver disease worldwide and is the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Effects of NAFLD on pregnancy is still unclear with few studies showing an association to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. We aimed to describe the association between the NAFLD and pregnancy complications. This is the first study, to our knowledge, in a South Asian population. METHOD: A cross sectional analytical study was done in Teaching Hospital, Ragama, Sri Lanka. Women carrying a singleton pregnancy, admitted for delivery were assessed for NAFLD with liver ultrasound scan. Data were extracted from interviewer administered questionnaire and antenatal and inpatient records. Pregnancy complications and labour outcomes were compared between the women with NAFLD and women without NAFLD (non-NAFLD). RESULTS: Out of the 573 women who participated, 18.2% (n = 104) were found to have NAFLD. Out of them, 58 (55.8%), 32(30.8%), and 14(13.5%) had fatty liver grade 1,2 and 3 respectively. Women with NAFLD were 2 times more likely to develop gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia compared to the women in the non-NAFLD group, after adjusting for BMI, age and Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy [Adjusted OR 2.09, (95% CI 1.07-4.10)]. There was no association between the grade of steatosis and a composite outcome of gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia, within the NAFLD group. Composite outcome of gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes in pregnancy diagnosed during pregnancy was a significant complication in the NAFLD group compared to non-NAFLD group in the bivariate analysis (27.2% vs 17.7%; p<0.05), but the significance disappeared after adjusting for confounders. The current study did not demonstrate a significant association between NAFLD with preterm labour, caesarean section rate, low birth weight, and Apgar score of the baby. CONCLUSION: Women with NAFLD had a 2-fold higher risk of developing gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy compared to women without NAFLD, after controlling for other confounding variables.
Comprehensive analysis of macrosomia: exploring the association between first-trimester alanine aminotransferase and uric acid measurements in pregnant women.; OBJECTIVES: Investigating the relationship between liver enzymes, uric acid (UA), and macrosomia will benefit physicians in the early detection of complications that may emerge during/after pregnancy. The study analyzed liver enzyme activity and UA levels in first-trimester pregnant for the risk of macrosomia. METHODS: This retrospective cross-sectional research analyzed the data of pregnant women who gave birth between Jan 2021-2023. All data were extracted from medical records, and UA and AST-ALT were examined in all the participants. RESULTS: Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels were higher in the macrosomia (p<0.05). Similarly, UA levels were higher in the macrosomia (p<0.001). There was a moderate positive correlation between ALT and birth weight (r=0.168, p<0.01), while we found a strong positive correlation between UA and birth weight (r=0.355, p<0.01). In the ROC (receiver operating characteristic), Area Under the Curve (AUC) for ALT and UA was significant (p<0.0001) but not for AST (p=0.157). UA showed a predictive value for macrosomia with 68.1 % sensitivity and 63.8 % specificity at a 3.15 cut-off (AUC:0.689; p:0.0001; CI:0.644-0.725). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that ALT and UA may be potentially important in determining the risk of macrosomia. The UA had a more potent marker for macrosomia than ALT. The occurrence of macrosomia might be more closely related to the mother's metabolic syndrome rather than NAFLD.
Altered expression of long noncoding RNA MEG3 in the offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus induces impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects a significant number of women worldwide and has been associated with lifelong health consequences for their offspring, including increased susceptibility to obesity, insulin resistance, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have suggested that aberrant expression of the long non-coding RNA Meg3 in the liver may contribute to impaired glucose metabolism in individuals. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia affects glucose intolerance in puberty by mediating the overexpression of LncMeg3 in the liver. METHODS: To test our hypothesis, we established an animal model of intrauterine hyperglycemia to mimic GDM. The progeny was observed for phenotypic changes, and intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests, insulin tolerance tests, and pyruvate tolerance tests were conducted to assess glucose and insulin tolerance. We also measured LncMeg3 expression in the liver using real-time quantitative PCR and examined differential methylation areas (DMRs) in the Meg3 gene using pyrophosphoric sequencing. To investigate the role of LncMeg3 in glucose tolerance, we conducted Meg3 intervention by vein tail and analyzed the changes in the phenotype and transcriptome of the progeny using bioinformatics analysis. RESULTS: We found that intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia led to impaired glucose and insulin tolerance in the progeny, with a tendency toward increased fasting blood glucose in fat offspring at 16 weeks (P = 0.0004). LncMeg3 expression was significantly upregulated (P = 0.0061), DNMT3B expression downregulated (P = 0.0226), and DNMT3A (P = 0.0026), TET2 (P = 0.0180) expression upregulated in the liver. Pyrophosphoric sequencing showed hypomethylation in Meg3-DMRs (P = 0.0005). Meg3 intervention by vein tail led to a decrease in the percentage of obese and emaciated offspring (emaciation: 44% vs. 23%; obesity: 25% vs. 15%) and attenuated glucose intolerance. Bioinformatics analysis revealed significant differences in the transcriptome of the progeny, particularly in circadian rhythm and PPAR signaling pathways. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, our study suggests that hypomethylation of Meg3-DMRs increases the expression of the imprinted gene Meg3 in the liver of males, which is associated with impaired glucose tolerance in GDM-F1. MEG3 interference may attenuate glucose intolerance, which may be related to transcriptional changes. Our findings provide new insights into the mechanisms underlying the long-term effects of intrauterine hyperglycemia on progeny health and highlight the potential of Meg3 as an intervention target for glucose intolerance.
Assessment of cardiometabolic risk in children in population studies: underpinning developmental origins of health and disease mother-offspring cohort studies.; Pregnancy and birth cohorts have been utilised extensively to investigate the developmental origins of health and disease, particularly in relation to understanding the aetiology of obesity and related cardiometabolic disorders. Birth and pregnancy cohorts have been utilised extensively to investigate this area of research. The aim of the present review was twofold: first to outline the necessity of measuring cardiometabolic risk in children; and second to outline how it can be assessed. The major outcomes thought to have an important developmental component are CVD, insulin resistance and related metabolic outcomes. Conditions such as the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and CHD all tend to have peak prevalence in middle-aged and older individuals but assessments of cardiometabolic risk in childhood and adolescence are important to define early causal factors and characterise preventive measures. Typically, researchers investigating prospective cohort studies have relied on the thesis that cardiovascular risk factors, such as dyslipidaemia, hypertension and obesity, track from childhood into adult life. The present review summarises some of the evidence that these factors, when measured in childhood, may be of value in assessing the risk of adult cardiometabolic disease, and as such proceeds to describe some of the methods for assessing cardiometabolic risk in children.
Reducing the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in chronic hepatitis B virus carriers via more strict control of gestational weight gain.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the association between gestational weight gain (GWG) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) -positive women using a retrospective cohort study to provide advice on the management of GWG. METHODS: Our study included 39 539 pregnant women who gave birth at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, China. Patients were divided into two groups: the HBsAg-negative and HBsAg-positive groups, comprising 36 500 and 3039 participants, respectively. We used univariate and multivariable logistic regression analyses to explore the association between GWG and GDM in maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) carrier women. RESULTS: Being HBsAg positive and excessive GWG were independent risk factors for GDM. Excessive GWG was associated with a higher risk of GDM in HBsAg-positive women. Among pre-pregnancy women of normal weight, HBsAg-positive women with adequate GWG had a higher risk of GDM than HBsAg-negative women, whereas HBsAg-positive women with inadequate GWG had a lower risk of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The optimal GWG ranges for pre-pregnancy normal-weight HBsAg-positive pregnancies might be lower than the US Institute of Medicine recommendations. HBsAg-positive women should strictly control GWG to reduce the risk of GDM.
Normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents programming of impaired glucose metabolism in adult offspring.; Infants born to obese mothers have a greater risk for childhood obesity and insulin resistance. However, the underlying biological mechanism remains elusive, which constitutes a significant roadblock for developing specific prevention strategies. Maternal adiponectin levels are lower in obese pregnant women, which is linked with increased placental nutrient transport and fetal overgrowth. We have previously reported that adiponectin supplementation to obese dams during the last four days of pregnancy prevented the development of obesity, glucose intolerance, muscle insulin resistance, and fatty liver in three months old offspring. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that 6-9-month-old offspring of obese dams show glucose intolerance associated with muscle insulin resistance and mitochondrial dysfunction and that normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents the development of this phenotype in the offspring. Male and female offspring of obese mice exhibited in vivo glucose intolerance and insulin resistance at 6 and 9 months of age. In gastrocnemius muscles ex vivo, male and female offspring of obese dams showed reduced phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate 1(Tyr-608) , Akt(Thr-308) , and decreased Glut4 plasma membrane translocation upon insulin stimulation. These metabolic abnormalities in offspring born to obese mice were largely prevented by normalization of maternal adiponectin levels in late pregnancy. We provide evidence that low circulating maternal adiponectin is a critical mechanistic link between maternal obesity and the development of metabolic disease in offspring. Strategies aimed at improving maternal adiponectin levels may prevent long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring of obese mothers.
Long-Term Impact on Offspring (5 to 11 Years of Age) of Metformin Use in Pregnancy in Mothers With Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Data are scant on the impact of metformin use in gestational diabetes mellitus/diabetes in pregnancy on long-term outcomes in children and mothers beyond 5 years of childbirth. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the long-term impact of metformin use in pregnancy on children and their mothers. METHODS: Electronic databases were searched for studies evaluating metformin compared with insulin for managing gestational diabetes mellitus/diabetes in pregnancy. The primary outcome was the change in body mass index (BMI) in children at the ages of 5 to 11 years. The secondary outcomes were alterations in other anthropometric measures, obesity, and changes in the levels of lipids and adipocytokines in children and mothers. RESULTS: Children at the age of 9 years born to mothers who were treated with metformin during pregnancy had similar BMI (mean difference [MD], 1.09 kg/m(2) [95% confidence interval {CI}, -0.44 to 2.62]; P = .16; I(2) = 16%), waist circumference-to-height ratio (MD, 0.13 [95% CI, -0.05 to 0.30]; P = .16; I(2) = 94%), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) total fat mass (MD, 0.68 kg [95% CI, -2.39 to 3.79]; P = .66; I(2) = 70%), DXA total fat percent (MD, 0.04% [95% CI, -3.44 to 3.51]; P = .98; I(2) = 56%), DXA total fat-free mass (MD, 0.81 kg [95% CI, -0.96 to 2.58]; P = .37; I(2) = 55%), magnetic resonance imaging visceral adipose tissue volume (MD, 80.97 cm(3) [95% CI, -136.47 to 298.41]; P = .47; I(2) = 78%), and magnetic resonance spectroscopy liver fat percentage (MD, 0.27% [95% CI, -1.26 to 1.79]; P = .73; I(2) = 0%) to those born to mothers who were treated with insulin. Serum adiponectin, leptin, alanine aminotransferase, and ferritin were comparable among groups. In children between the ages of 9 and 11 years, the occurrence of obesity, diabetes, or challenges in motor and social development were comparable between the 2 groups. After 9 years of childbirth, BMI and the risk of developing diabetes were similar between the 2 groups of women. CONCLUSION: Metformin use in pregnancy did not show any adverse effects compared with insulin on long-term outcomes in children and their mothers.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Although there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24-28 weeks. RESULTS: Six hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%; p < 0.001) and higher FLI (40.0 vs 10.7; p < 0.001) and HSI (35.5 vs 29.0; p < 0.001). The risk of developing GDM was significantly increased in participants with NAFLD and was positively correlated with the severity of steatosis. This relationship between NAFLD and GDM remained significant after adjustment for metabolic risk factors, including measures of insulin resistance. Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P levels were also correlated with both NAFLD severity and the risk of developing GDM. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: NAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for GDM. Adiponectin may be a useful biomarker for predicting GDM in pregnant women.
Elevated Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy and Subsequent Development of Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or metabolic syndrome in adults, but the clinical significance of ALT or NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy; 2) ALT levels were measured in antenatal outpatient clinic at 4-20 weeks of gestation; 3) patients were screened for gestational diabetes and delivered in Cheil General Hospital and Women's Healthcare Center. Cases with viral hepatitis or other liver diseases were excluded. The early ALT levels were divided into two groups (normal ALT [≤ 95th percentile] and elevated ALT [> 95th percentile]), and the frequency of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia was compared between the two groups of cases. Gestational diabetes was screened and diagnosed by two-step procedure (50 g oral glucose challenge test and 75 g glucose challenge test with World Health Organization [WHO] criteria). RESULTS: A total of 2,322 women met the inclusion criteria. Cases with elevated early ALT levels (> 95th percentile) had a higher risk of subsequent gestational diabetes and preeclampsia (gestational diabetes by WHO criteria, 2.1% in normal ALT vs. 6.5% in elevated ALT, P < 0.01; preeclampsia, 1.0% in normal ALT vs. 4.1% in elevated ALT, P < 0.05). This relationship between elevated ALT and increased risk of gestational diabetes/preeclampsia remained significant after adjustment for maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index. CONCLUSION: Elevated unexplained ALT in early pregnancy is associated with the risk of subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in late pregnancy.
Serum CathepsinD in pregnancy: Relation with metabolic and inflammatory markers and effects of fish oils and probiotics.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Elevated circulating levels of CathepsinD (CatD) have been linked to metabolic deviations including liver inflammation. We investigated 1) whether supplementation with probiotics and/or fish oil affects CatD and 2) whether the CatD concentration would associate with gestational diabetes (GDM), low-grade inflammation, lipid metabolism, body fat % and dietary composition. METHODS AND RESULTS: Overweight/obese pregnant women (n = 438) were randomized into fish oil + placebo, probiotics + placebo, fish oil + probiotics or placebo + placebo groups. Fish oil contained 1.9 g docosahexaenoic acid and 0.22 g eicosapentaenoic acid and probiotics were Lacticaseibacillusrhamnosus HN001 (formerly Lactobacillusrhamnosus HN001) and Bifidobacteriumanimalis ssp. lactis 420, 10(10) colony-forming units each). Serum CatD levels were analysed by ELISA, GlycA and lipid metabolites by NMR, high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) by immunoassay, and intakes of energy yielding nutrients and n-3 and n-6 fatty acids from food diaries at both early and late pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed by OGTT. CatD concentrations did not differ between the intervention groups or by GDM status. Multivariable linear models revealed that body fat % and GlycA affected CatD differently in healthy women and those with GDM. CONCLUSION: The serum CatD concentration of pregnant women was not modified by this dietary intervention. Serum CatD was influenced by two parameters, body fat and low grade inflammation, which were dependent on the woman's GDM status. CLINICAL TRIAL REG. NO: NCT01922791, clinicaltrials.gov (secondary analysis).
Fetal growth restriction, catch-up growth and the early origins of insulin resistance and visceral obesity.; There is an association between growing slowly before birth, accelerated growth in early postnatal life and the emergence of insulin resistance, visceral obesity and glucose intolerance in adult life. In this review we consider the pathway through which intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) leads to the initial increase in insulin sensitivity and to catch-up growth. We also discuss the importance of the early insulin environment in determining later visceral adiposity and the intrahepatic mechanisms that may result in the emergence of glucose intolerance in a subset of IUGR infants. We present evidence that a key fetal adaptation to poor fetal nutrition is an upregulation of the abundance of the insulin receptor in the absence of an upregulation of insulin signalling in fetal skeletal muscle. After birth, however, there is an upregulation in the abundance of the insulin receptor and the insulin signalling pathway in the IUGR offspring. Thus, the origins of the accelerated postnatal growth rate experienced by IUGR infants lie in the fetal adaptations to a poor nutrient supply. We also discuss how the intracellular availability of free fatty acids and glucose within the visceral adipocyte and hepatocyte in fetal and neonatal life are critical in determining the subsequent metabolic phenotype of the IUGR offspring. It is clear that a better understanding of the relative contributions of the fetal and neonatal nutrient environment to the regulation of key insulin signalling pathways in muscle, visceral adipose tissue and the liver is required to support the development of evidence-based intervention strategies and better outcomes for the IUGR infant.
[Role of lipid peroxidation in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis].; The liver steatosis is a frequent human disease. The most frequent cause of the process is the alcohol consumption. But it also may arise without significant alcohol abuse. This pathogenetic process is called non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), that is characterized by the same conditions like the alcoholic steatohepatitis. In the pathogenesis of the NASH various factors participate i.e. obesity, diabetes mellitus type II, hyperlipidaemia, pregnancy, variable chemotoxins, parenteral nutrition, jejunoileal bypass, chronic inflammatory diseases, protein deficient nutrition and inborn metabolic diseases. Pathobiochemically the process consists of oxidative stress and lipid peroxidation. This condition comes from the progressive accumulation of the free fatty acids in mitochondria and from the induction of cytochrome P450, CYP 2E1 isoform in hepatocytes and Kupffer cells. The free fatty acids and ketons can cause the induction of CYP 2E1 system, that is why diabetes mellitus and obesity are the two most important factors in the NASH pathogenesis. This article is concerned mainly in the explanation of NASH pathomechanism.
Prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16 years after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be at an increased risk of liver complications because chronic hyperglycemia is a risk factor for liver fat accumulation and potential liver dysfunction. Large prospective studies examining liver fat accumulation following a GDM pregnancy are lacking. METHODS: The Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014) examined the association between GDM and subsequent fatty liver scores among 607 women with and 619 women without GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort. Nine to 16 years postpartum, a clinical examination was performed, with measurement of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and γ-glutamyl transferase, from which fatty liver scoring indices were calculated to assess liver fat score, fatty liver index, hepatic steatosis index, and liver fat percentage. Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for elevated liver scoring indices by GDM status were assessed adjusting for major risk factors, including prepregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: Women with prior GDM had higher adjusted ALT and AST levels than women without GDM (by 6.7% [95% CI 1.7-12.0] and 4.8% [95% CI 0.6-9.1], respectively). Women with GDM also had adjusted increased risks for elevated liver fat score (RR 2.34; 95% CI 1.68-3.27), fatty liver index (RR 1.59; 95% CI 1.27-1.99), and hepatic steatosis index (RR 1.44; 95% CI 1.21-1.71). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM during pregnancy were at an increased risk for fatty liver 9 to 16 years postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus may serve as another risk indicator for the early identification and prevention of liver fat accumulation.
Maternal Malnutrition Affects Hepatic Metabolism through Decreased Hepatic Taurine Levels and Changes in HNF4A Methylation.; Fetal programming implies that the maternal diet during pregnancy affects the long-term health of offspring. Although maternal diet influences metabolic disorders and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring, the hepatic mechanisms related to metabolites are still unknown. Here, we investigated the maternal diet-related alterations in metabolites and the biological pathway in male offspring at three months of age. Pregnant rats were exposed to 50% food restriction during the prenatal period or a 45% high-fat diet during the prenatal and postnatal periods. The male offspring exposed to food restriction and high-fat diets had lower birth weights than controls, but had a catch-up growth spurt at three months of age. Hepatic taurine levels decreased in both groups compared to controls. The decreased hepatic taurine levels in offspring affected excessive lipid accumulation through changes in hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 A methylation. Moreover, the alteration of gluconeogenesis in offspring exposed to food restriction was observed to a similar extent as that of offspring exposed to a high fat diet. These results indicate that maternal diet affects the dysregulation in hepatic metabolism through changes in taurine levels and HNF4A methylation, and predisposes the offspring to Type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in later life.
Developmental Programming of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Effect of Early Life Nutrition on Susceptibility and Disease Severity in Later Life.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is fast becoming the most common liver disease globally and parallels rising obesity rates. The developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis have linked alterations in the early life environment to an increased risk of metabolic disorders in later life. Altered early life nutrition, in addition to increasing risk for the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in offspring, is now associated with an increased risk for the development of NAFLD. This review summarizes emerging research on the developmental programming of NAFLD by both maternal obesity and undernutrition with a particular focus on the possible mechanisms underlying the development of hepatic dysfunction and potential strategies for intervention.
Rodents on a high-fat diet born to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit sex-specific lipidomic changes in reproductive organs.; Maternal gestatonal diabetes mellitus (GDM) and offspring high-fat diet (HFD) have been shown to have sex-specific detrimental effects on the health of the offspring. Maternal GDM combined with an offspring HFD alters the lipidomic profiles of offspring reproductive organs with sex hormones and increases insulin signaling, resulting in offspring obesity and diabetes. The pre-pregnancy maternal GDM mice model is established by feeding maternal C57BL/6 mice and their offspring are fed with either a HFD or a low-fat diet (LFD). Testis, ovary and liver are collected from offspring at 20 weeks of age. The lipidomic profiles of the testis and ovary are characterized using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Male offspring following a HFD have elevated body weight. In reproductive organs and hormones, male offspring from GDM mothers have decreased testes weights and testosterone levels, while female offspring from GDM mothers show increased ovary weights and estrogen levels. Maternal GDM aggravates the effects of an offspring HFD in male offspring on the AKT pathway, while increasing the risk of developing inflammation when expose to a HFD in female offspring liver. Testes are prone to the effect of maternal GDM, whereas ovarian metabolite profiles are upregulated in maternal GDM and downregulated in offspring following an HFD. Maternal GDM and an offspring HFD have different metabolic effects on offspring reproductive organs, and PUFAs may protect against detrimental outcomes in the offspring, such as obesity and diabetes.
Associations between serum biomarkers and non-alcoholic liver disease: Results of a clinical study of Mediterranean patients with obesity.; BACKGROUND: Transient elastography is an ultrasound-based method to detect non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Despite the simultaneously rising prevalence of fatty liver and metabolic disease, further information about metabolic risk indicators of fatty liver is still necessary. METHODS: A Southern Italian population sample with obesity (N = 87) was cross-sectionally explored for associations among the presence of NAFLD, assessed by FibroScan, and clinical, biochemical and anthropometric parameters. Inclusion criteria were age >18 years, BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2), no ongoing supplemental or drug therapy, including oral contraceptives or osteoporosis medications; exclusion criteria were pregnancy, endocrinological diseases, cardiovascular diseases, neoplasia, renal or hepatic failure, hereditary thrombocytopenia, hepatitis B (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection, and excess alcohol consumption. RESULTS: The study sample featured a female predominance (67%, N = 60), age range 18-64 years, and 40% prevalence of NAFLD, in accordance with the fibroscan-measured controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) threshold value above 302 dB/m. Males were slightly more frequently affected by NAFLD (51.4% vs. 48.6%, p = 0.01). Insulin levels, insulin resistance (quantified by HOMA-IR), diastolic blood pressure, BMI, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and waist circumference were significantly higher in the NAFLD subset compared to their counterparts (p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p = 0.05, p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p < 0.01, respectively). Uric acid (p < 0.01) also showed a positive trend in the NAFLD group. Other liver steatosis parameters, measured by stiffness (p < 0.01), fatty liver index (FLI) (p < 0.01) and FibroScan-AST (FAST) (p < 0.01), were also significantly greater in the NAFLD group. In three nested linear regression models built to assess associations between CAP values and serum uric acid levels, a single unit increase in uricemia indicated a CAP increase by 14 dB/m, after adjusting for confounders (coefficient: 14.07, 95% CI 0.6-27.54). CONCLUSIONS: Clinical-metabolic screening for NAFLD cannot ignore uricemia, especially in patients with obesity.
Prevalence and risk factors for chronic kidney disease in Indonesia: An analysis of the National Basic Health Survey 2018.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Indonesia is rising, but the exact extent of the burden of CKD in Indonesia is unknown. To design a screening program for individuals at high-risk, more knowledge is required regarding the prevalence and risk factors of CKD in Indonesia. The latter could have a big impact on the prevention and management of patients with CKD in Indonesia. METHODS: For this purpose, we analysed data from The National Basic Health Survey 2018 (Riset Kesehatan Dasar, Riskesdas 2018), a descriptive cross-sectional study in 34 provinces, 416 districts and 98 cities in Indonesia. We included subjects aged ≥18 years and analysed the prevalence of CKD. Using multiple logistic regression, we investigated the association between CKD and potential risk factors such as demographic factors (age, gender, occupational status, level of education), lifestyle and behaviours (consumption of salty food, consumption of fruit and vegetables, smoking, alcohol consumption, carbonated drink consumption, physical activity), comorbid conditions (hypertension, heart disease, diabetes mellitus, hepatitis, stroke, nutritional status) and others (clean water supply, pregnancy complication, access to health care). RESULTS: We included 389 093 subjects in this study out of 713 783 subjects that participated in Riskesdas 2018 survey. The prevalence of CKD was 0.5%. The survey included mostly younger adults age 18-59 years (83.1%) with a mean (SD) age of 44.3 (15.1) years. The majority of subjects were female (60.3%), unemployed (58.4%), and the proportion of obese subject was 25.4%. Hypertension was the major comorbid condition (40.8%), while the proportion of diabetes mellitus (DM), heart disease, stroke and hepatitis were quite low (3.3%, 2.6%, 1.7% and 0.5%; respectively). Despite the high proportion of hypertension, only 36.2% of subjects did receive a prescription for anti-hypertensive medication of which only 21.7% used this medication regularly. The multiple logistic regression analysis demonstrated that hepatitis was the strongest risk factor of CKD (odds ratio (OR) = 3.406; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.496-4.648), exceeding the risk of CKD in patients with physical inactivity (OR = 1.236; 95% CI = 1.128-1.354), low education status (OR = 1.307; 95% CI = 1.191-1.434), male (OR = 1.527; 95% CI = 1.398-1.668), stroke (OR = 1.916; 95% CI = 1.570-2.338), heart disease (OR = 2.941; 95% CI = 2.356-3.671), and DM (OR = 2.462; 95% CI = 1.979-3.063). We also observed that DM (OR = 4.280; 95% CI = 3.756-4.876) and male subjects (OR = 1.474; 95% CI = 1.352-1.606) were identified as independent risk factors for CKD in hepatitis-positive subjects. CONCLUSIONS: This population-based survey confirmed the increasing burden of CKD in Indonesia and suggested that besides traditional metabolic risk factors, viral hepatitis has proven to be an independent risk factor for CKD in Indonesia. Furthermore, the risk of CKD is greater in male hepatitis patients with DM. The result of this study demonstrates the need for an aggressive screening program for patients with a high risk for the development of CKD. Apart from patients with traditional cardiometabolic risk factors, such a program should include patients with viral hepatitis.
Relationship between different hepatitis B virus infection status and gestational diabetes mellitus prevalence among pregnant women with chronic HBV infection: A retrospective study.; To investigate the relationships between different hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection status and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and analyse the potential risk factors, we conducted an observational retrospective study in HBV-infected pregnant women to compare the differences of GDM prevalence and clinical outcomes between groups divided by HBV infection status. Spearman's correlation coefficient was used to evaluate the correlations among hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg), HBV DNA and liver function. Logistic regression model was used to analyse the risk factors. In all, 1390 HBsAg-positive pregnant women were enrolled. HBeAg titre and HBV DNA, ALT and AST were correlated (r = 0.743, p < 0.001; r = 0.813, p < 0.001). Overall GDM prevalence was 21%. GDM prevalence of HBV-infected women with abnormal liver function was higher than those with normal liver function (26.8% vs. 20%, p = 0.027). Age over 35 years and abnormal liver function over 5 times ULN and 1-2 times ULN were independent risk factors for GDM prevalence with odds ratio (OR) of 1.858 (95% CI 1.227-2.815), 1.589 (95% CI 1.023-2.468) and 2.203 (95% CI 1.029-4.718), respectively. GDM prevalence in HBV-infected pregnancies with abnormal liver function was higher than those with normal liver function. Age over 35 years and abnormal liver function were independent risk factors for GDM in HBV-infected women.
Neck circumference might predict gestational diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese women: A nested case-control study.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: A large neck circumference might be an indicator of metabolic syndrome and its components, and for certain patients is more practical as an index than waist circumference. The demarcation value for neck circumference that suggests metabolic syndrome appears to vary by ethnic group. Gestational diabetes mellitus is considered a component of metabolic syndrome in pregnant women. We investigated whether neck circumference in Han Chinese women is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy, and determined a predictive demarcation value. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A nested case-control study was carried out with 255 women aged 18-35 years. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to the criteria of the American Diabetes Association through a 2-h, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Of the total population, 41 (16%) women developed gestational diabetes mellitus by 24-28 weeks of gestation. Neck circumference at gestational week 16 positively correlated with pre-pregnancy waist circumference, bodyweight and body mass index, and maternal age (P = 0.029) and hemoglobin A1c at gestational week 24 (P ≤ 0.001). By binary logistic regression, neck circumference was an independent predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio 1.840, 95% confidence interval 1.040-3.254; P = 0.036). According to the receiver operating characteristic curve, for predicting gestational diabetes mellitus the optimal demarcation for neck circumference at gestational week 16 was 35.15 cm. CONCLUSIONS: Neck circumference is a viable tool to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. In this population of pregnant Han Chinese women, a neck circumference of ≥35.15 cm was a predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence, Metabolic Profile, and Associated Risk Factors of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in an Adult Population of India.; Introduction Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main cause of chronic liver disease worldwide. NAFLD refers to a group of diseases that includes simple steatosis, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. Unfortunately, there aren't many studies on NAFLD conducted in India. The majority of research involved specific populations, such as diabetics, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and obese or non-obese people. When the current study was being planned, there were few population-based studies available. In almost all of the research, ultrasound was employed to identify NAFLD, and the whole spectrum of NAFLD was not assessed. The full spectrum of NAFLD in India must have been considered, including all stages of steatosis as well as hepatic damage as shown by high alanine aminotransferase levels and fibrosis. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence, spectrum, and metabolic determinants of NAFLD as assessed by FibroScan® (FibroScan® expert 630 machine; Echosens, Paris, France) in adults of Central India. Methods This cross-sectional study was conducted among 236 adults aged 18 years and above in three localities of Bhopal, India from March 2022 to October 2022. The study included males and females who provided informed consent and fulfilled inclusion criteria. One research assistant and one staff nurse solicited people to participate in the FibroScan® test during the community screening and shared information about the programme. All participants were subjected to the FibroScan® test. Results A total of 322 healthy adults were approached for possible inclusion in the study. Data from 236 subjects were available for analysis after meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria. According to this study, 43.6% of the study population had NAFLD as detected by FibroScan®. Out of the total, 12.7% of subjects had steatosis grade 1 (S1), 12.3% of subjects had steatosis grade 2 (S2), and 18.6% of subjects had steatosis grade 3 (S3). High body weight, high waist circumference, high waist-to-hip ratio, high fasting sugar, high serum glutamate pyruvate transaminase (SGPT), high triglyceride levels and high very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels were significantly associated with NAFLD. Conclusion In conclusion, 43.6% of the adult population of Bhopal, India is suffering from NAFLD. NAFLD is a severe burden in the Indian community despite being historically associated with the western world. Obesity, diabetes and dyslipidemia are significantly associated with NAFLD.
Hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model.; Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) is a pregnancy complication characterized by mild to moderate hyperglycaemia that negatively impacts short- and long-term health of mother and child. However, relationships between severity and timing of pregnancy hyperglycaemia and postpartum outcomes have not been systemically investigated. We investigated the impact of hyperglycaemia developing during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) or already present pre-mating (pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, PDM) on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. GDM and PDM were induced in C57BL/6NTac mice by combined 60% high fat diet (HF) and low dose streptozotocin (STZ). Animals were screened for PDM prior to mating, and all underwent an oral glucose tolerance test on gestational day (GD)15. Tissues were collected at GD18 or at postnatal day (PN)15. Among HFSTZ-treated dams, 34% developed PDM and 66% developed GDM, characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin release and inadequate suppression of endogenous glucose production. No increased adiposity or overt insulin resistance was observed. Furthermore, markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were significantly increased in PDM at GD18 and were positively correlated with basal glucose levels at GD18 in GDM dams. By PN15, NAFLD markers were also increased in GDM dams. Only PDM affected pregnancy outcomes such as litter size. Our findings indicate that GDM and PDM, resulting in disturbances of maternal glucose homeostasis, increase the risk of postpartum NAFLD development, related to the onset and severity of pregnancy hyperglycaemia. These findings signal a need for earlier monitoring of maternal glycaemia and more rigorous follow-up of maternal health after GDM and PDM pregnancy in humans. KEY POINTS: We studied the impact of high-fat diet/streptozotocin induced hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in mice and found that this impaired glucose tolerance and insulin release. Litter size and embryo survival were compromised by pre-gestational, but not by gestational, diabetes. Despite postpartum recovery from hyperglycaemia in a majority of dams, liver disease markers were further elevated by postnatal day 15. Maternal liver disease markers were associated with the severity of hyperglycaemia at gestational day 18. The association between hyperglycaemic exposure and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease signals a need for more rigorous monitoring and follow-up of maternal glycaemia and health in diabetic pregnancy in humans.
Lactational High Fat Diet in Mice Causes Insulin Resistance and NAFLD in Male Offspring Which Is Partially Rescued by Maternal Metformin Treatment.; Maternal metabolic disease and diet during pregnancy and lactation have important implications for the programming of offspring metabolic disease. In addition, high-fat diets during pregnancy and lactation can predispose the offspring to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a rising health threat in the U.S. We developed a model of maternal high-fat feeding exclusively during the lactation period. We previously showed that offspring from dams, given lactational high-fat diet (HFD), are predisposed to obesity, glucose intolerance, and inflammation. In separate experiments, we also showed that lactational metformin treatment can decrease offspring metabolic risk. The purpose of these studies was to understand the programming implications of lactational HFD on offspring metabolic liver disease risk. Dams were fed a 60% lard-based HFD from the day of delivery through the 21-day lactation period. A subset of dams was also given metformin as a co-treatment. Starting at weaning, the offspring were fed normal fat diet until 3 months of age; at which point, a subset was challenged with an additional HFD stressor. Lactational HFD led male offspring to develop hepatic insulin resistance. The post-weaning HFD challenge led male offspring to progress to NAFLD with more severe outcomes in the lactational HFD-challenged offspring. Co-administration of metformin to lactating dams on HFD partially rescued the offspring liver metabolic defects in males. Lactational HFD or post-weaning HFD had no impact on female offspring who maintained a normal insulin sensitivity and liver phenotype. These findings indicate that HFD, during the lactation period, programs the adult offspring to NAFLD risk in a sexually dimorphic manner. In addition, early life intervention with metformin via maternal exposure may prevent some of the liver programming caused by maternal HFD.
Impact of hepatitis B virus infection on maternal and infant outcomes of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A three-year retrospective study.; AIMS: To explore the impact of HBV infection on maternal and infant outcomes of GDM women. METHODS: We retrospectively identified 8126 women with GDM in China from July 2017 to June 2020, and divided them into GDM with HBV infection group (n = 483) and GDM with non-HBV infection group (n = 7643). Two sample t-test and Chi-square test were used to compare differences between groups. Logistic regression models were used to explore the association between HBV infection and maternal and infant outcomes. RESULTS: Placental abruption (PA), (2.3% vs. 1.0%, P = 0.008), placenta previa (4.3% vs. 2.8% p = 0.044), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), (6.4% vs. 3.0%, P < 0.001), cesarean section (52.0% vs. 46.0%, P = 0.011), fetal chromosomal abnormalities (1.2% vs. 0.4%, P = 0.021), and neonatal hyperglycemia (1.9% vs. 3.6%, P = 0.047) were more likely to occur in GDM with HBV infection group. After adjusting for the covariates, HBV infection was found to be associated with ICP (aOR, 2.35; 95% CI: [1.58-3.50]), PA (aOR, 2.34; 95% CI: 1.22-4.47), and fetal chromosomal abnormalities (aOR, 2.88; 95% CI: 1.18-7.03). CONCLUSIONS: HBV infection was associated with part of maternal and infant outcomes in the GDM population.
The Impact of the Association Between Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy on Maternal and Fetal Outcomes.; Backgroundː Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), a hepatic condition that causes severe itching in late pregnancy, is linked to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) due to disrupted bile acid balance. It poses maternal risks such as preterm labor and gestational diabetes and fetal risks such as preterm birth and respiratory distress. The study examined NAFLD's impact on ICP in pregnant women, highlighting management and research implications. Methodsː This retrospective study examined pregnant women (≥18 years) with ICP, assessing fatty liver with follow-up ultrasounds. Participants were divided into ICP only and ICP with fatty liver (FL) groups, excluding heavy alcohol users and incomplete data. Maternal age, medical history, and comorbidities were evaluated alongside abdominal ultrasounds to identify FL. Resultsː In this study of 43 pregnant women, the mean maternal age was 27 years. Patients with ICP and FL had significantly higher bile acid levels than those with ICP alone. However, no significant differences were found between the two groups regarding the history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), dyslipidemia, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), parity, and hypothyroidism. Among women with ICP and FL, 51.85% underwent lower segment cesarean section (LSCS), while 43.75% with ICP without FL underwent LSCS. Conclusionsː ICP with FL did not show significant adverse effects on maternal and neonatal outcomes, including mode of delivery, gestational age, maternal complications, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, and low birth weight (LBW) with asphyxia. However, additional research is required to fully comprehend the relationship between ICP, NAFLD, and their impact on pregnancy outcomes.
Anti-inflammatory activities of puerarin in high-fat diet-fed rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes mellitus.; To investigate the effect of puerarin on insulin resistance and inflammation in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Gestational diabetic model rats were established by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (25 mg/kg) combined with high-fat feeding and were randomly assigned to three groups: the control group, the GDM group, and the puerarin-treated group. Puerarin was intragastrically administered to rats daily until the offspring were born. The rats in both the GDM group and control group were administered the same volume of normal saline. Serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in all groups of rats were measured. Haematoxylin and eosin staining was used to evaluate morphological changes in the liver, pancreas, and adipose tissues around the reproductive organs. Western blotting was carried out to measure the protein expression of IRS-1 and inflammatory factors, including TNF-α, TLR4, MyD88 and phosphorylated NF-κB, in the adipose tissues around the reproductive organs. Puerarin had preventive effects on GDM-induced pathological changes and ameliorated glucose and lipid metabolism disorders in GDM rats. Puerarin upregulated IRS-1 expression and decreased the protein expression of TNF-α, TLR4, and MyD88 as well as the levels of phosphorylated NF-κB in adipose tissues around the reproductive organs in GDM rats. This study indicated that puerarin exerts anti-inflammatory effects by downregulating the important TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB inflammatory signalling pathway. Therefore, puerarin can decrease the expression of TNF-α and ameliorate insulin resistance in GDM rats, suggesting the potential efficacy of puerarin in GDM treatment.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a significant predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages-prospective study in Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort (RaPCo).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing globally with a mounting body of evidence on various adverse effects on pregnancy. Yet, prospective studies, especially from low-income and middle-income countries, are lacking in examining the impact of NAFLD in pregnancy. In this study, we explored the effect of NAFLD on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages. METHODS: A population-based prospective cohort study was conducted among first-trimester pregnant women who registered in the national pregnancy care programme during July-September 2019 in Anuradhapura district, Sri Lanka. Baseline clinical-biochemical parameters and ultrasound scan (USS) of the liver were done to assess fatty liver. Those who were normoglycaemic based on WHO criteria were followed up, and a repeat oral glucose tolerance test was performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Of the 632 pregnant women studied, 90 (14%) and 234 (37%) were diagnosed as having fatty liver grade (FLG) II and I, respectively. The cumulative incidence of GDM in FLG 0, I, and II were 11, 44, and 162 per 1000 pregnancies, respectively. After adjusting for age and other known risk factors, women with FLG II had a relative risk (RR) of 12.5 (95% CI 2.2 to 66.4) for developing GDM compared with FLG 0. In addition, women with FLG I (RR 2.1, 95% CI 1.01 to 4.64) and FLG II (RR 4.5, 95% CI 2.1 to 9.9) were significant risk factors for early pregnancy miscarriages, and FLG II remained as the only independent predictor of miscarriages after adjusting for age, parity, body mass index, blood sugar, blood pressure, and haemoglobin level (adjusted OR 4.2 (95% CI 1.9 to 9.1)). CONCLUSION: In this rural south Asian community, NAFLD is shown to be a major risk factor for GDM and early pregnancy miscarriages. Therefore, routine identification of NAFLD through a simple USS may help in the early identification of high-risk mothers.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induces fatty liver and glucose intolerance in rats.; Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation are health risks for mother and offspring. Both fructose (FR) and low-protein (LP) diets are linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in nonpregnant animals. We hypothesized that dietary FR or LP intake during pregnancy may exacerbate the already compromised glucose homeostasis to induce gestational diabetes and fatty liver. Therefore, we investigated and compared the effects of LP or FR intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in unmated controls (CTs) and pregnant and lactating rats. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a CT, or a 63% FR, or an 8% LP diet. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of the study revealed greater (P < .05) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 mg/dL vs 64.0 ± 4.8 mg/dL) minutes and 20 (72.4 mg/dL vs 58.6 ± 4.0 mg/dL) minutes after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 mg∙dL(-1)∙min(-1) vs 3763.4 ± 263.6 mg∙dL(-1)∙min(-1)) for FR-fed dams compared with CT-fed dams. The rats were euthanized at 21 days postpartum. Both the FR- and LP-fed dams had enlarged (P < .05) livers (9.3%, 7.1% body weight vs 4.8% ± 0.2% body weight) and elevated (P < .05) liver triacylglycerol (216.0, 130.0 mg/g vs 19.9 ± 12.6 mg/g liver weight) compared with CT-fed dams. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats, but not unmated CT rats. The data demonstrate a unique physiological status response to diet resulting in the development of gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in FR-fed dams, which is more severe than an LP diet.
Modulation of cholesterol transport by insulin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus in human full-term placenta.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy that is characterized by glucose intolerance, leads to dyslipidemia, and is aggravated by obesity. Cholesterol is taken up by the placenta as part of lipoproteins through the scavenger receptor class B type I receptor (SRBI), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR), and very low density lipoprotein receptor (VLDLR), and its efflux is then mediated by ABCA1 and ABCG1. PCSK9 is involved in the degradation of LDLR and VLDLR. The goal of this study was to evaluate the impact of GDM and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) on cholesterol transport through the modulation of the expression of several key players. Human full-term placenta, maternal, and venous cord blood samples were obtained at delivery from normal-weight women without GDM (n = 10), normal-weight women with GDM (n = 6), and overweight/obese women with GDM (n = 6). Lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, free fatty acids, apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B100) levels were evaluated in blood samples. Messenger RNA and protein expression levels (LDLR, VLDLR, SRBI, ABCA1, ABCG1, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, liver x receptors, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors) were assessed in human full-term placenta, respectively, by real-time RT-PCR and Western blots. Lipoprotein lipase activity was evaluated using a commercial kit on tissue homogenates. Overall, our study demonstrates that GDM affects the maternal and neonatal lipid profiles as well as different key players of placental cholesterol transfer from the maternal to the fetal circulation, depending on the maternal BMI. These changes could affect the fetal metabolism and predispose the fetus to future metabolic diseases.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in a cohort of HIV-1 infected women.; OBJECTIVES: We undertook a prospective study to estimate the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and associated risk factors in a cohort of 669 HIV-1 infected women. METHODS: The O'Sullivan and glucose tolerance tests were performed during regular visits of 609 mothers. RESULTS: The median age of the cohort was 30.7 years (range 16-44), with most women having had heterosexual contact (67%). The majority were in Centers for Disease Control (CDC) category A (71%) and 53% exhibited hepatitis C co-infection. Median viral load and CD4 count at third trimester were 545 cells/microL (range 139-1690 cells/microL) and 1.9 log (range 1.7-5.4), respectively. Seventy-four per cent of the patients were treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART), of whom 41% received a protease inhibitor (PI). An above-average prevalence of 7% [95% confidence interval (CI) 5.2-9.5] for positive GDM diagnosis was found. Risk factors associated with GDM in univariate analysis included older age, hepatitis C co-infection, stavudine and PI exposure. However, only older age [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 1.09, 95% CI 1-1.1] and PI exposure (AOR 2.4, 95% CI 1-5.3) remained as independent risk factors for GDM development in multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In our cohort, the prevalence of GDM appears to be increased, with older age and PI exposure contributing as significant independent risk factors.
Maternal hepatitis B surface antigen carrier status increased the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The relationship between chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. This study aimed to identify the association between maternal HBsAg-positive status and GDM. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed on the pregnant women who delivered from June 2012 to May 2016 at Wuhan Medical Care Center for Women and Children, Wuhan, China. We compared the incidence of GDM between HBsAg-positive pregnant women and HBsAg-negative controls. A multivariate regression model was used to measure the independent association between maternal HBsAg carrier and the risk of developing GDM. RESULTS: In total, 964 HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 964 HBsAg-negative women were included into the study. We observed maternal HBsAg carrier (OR 1.47, 95% CI 1.06-2.03), age (OR 1.05, 95% CI 1.00-1.10) and family history of diabetes (OR 3.97, 95% CI 2.05-7.67) had an independent risk for GDM in multivariable logistical regression model. However, no significant association was found between HBeAg carrier status, other HBV markers or viral load in pregnancy and the incidence of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicated that maternal HBsAg carriage is an independent risk factor for GDM, but viral activity indicated by HBeAg status and viral load is not the main reason for this phenomenon. Further studies are warranted to clarify the possible mechanisms behind such association of HBV infection and the additional risk of GDM.
Parental SIRT1 Overexpression Attenuate Metabolic Disorders Due to Maternal High-Fat Feeding.; Maternal obesity can contribute to the development of obesity and related metabolic disorders in progeny. Sirtuin (SIRT)1, an essential regulator of metabolism and stress responses, has recently emerged as an important modifying factor of developmental programming. In this study, to elucidate the effects of parental SIRT1 overexpression on offspring mechanism, four experimental groups were included: (1) Chow-fed wild-type (WT)-dam × Chow-fed WT-sire; (2) High-fat diet (HFD)-fed WT-dam × Chow-fed WT-sire; (3) HFD-fed hemizygous SIRT1-transgenic (Tg)-dam × Chow-fed WT-sire; and (4) HFD-fed WT dam × Chow-fed Tg-sire. Our results indicate that Tg breeders had lower body weight and fat mass compared to WT counterparts and gave birth to WT offspring with reductions in body weight, adiposity and hyperlipidaemia compared to those born of WT parents. Maternal SIRT1 overexpression also reversed glucose intolerance, and normalised abnormal fat morphology and the expression of dysregulated lipid metabolism markers, including SIRT1. Despite having persistent hepatic steatosis, offspring born to Tg parents showed an improved balance of hepatic glucose/lipid metabolic markers, as well as reduced levels of inflammatory markers and TGF-β/Smad3 fibrotic signalling. Collectively, the data suggest that parental SIRT1 overexpression can ameliorate adverse metabolic programming effects by maternal obesity.
Adipose Tissue Insulin Resistance in South Asian and Nordic Women after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; South Asians (SAs) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) than white Europeans, especially following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Despite similar blood glucose levels post-GDM, SAs exhibit more insulin resistance (IR) than Nordics, though the underlying mechanisms are unclear. This study aimed to assess markers of adipose tissue (AT) IR and liver fat in SA and Nordic women post-GDM. A total of 179 SA and 108 Nordic women in Norway underwent oral glucose tolerance tests 1-3 years post-GDM. We measured metabolic markers and calculated the AT IR index and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease liver fat (NAFLD-LFS) scores. Results showed that normoglycaemic SAs had less non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) suppression during the test, resembling prediabetes/T2D responses, and higher levels of plasma fetuin-A, CRP, and IL-6 but lower adiponectin, indicating AT inflammation. Furthermore, normoglycaemic SAs had higher NAFLD-LFS scores, lower insulin clearance, and higher peripheral insulin than Nordics, indicating increased AT IR, inflammation, and liver fat in SAs. Higher liver fat markers significantly contributed to the ethnic disparities in glucose metabolism, suggesting a key area for intervention to reduce T2D risk post-GDM in SAs.
Gestational Exercise Antagonises the Impact of Maternal High-Fat High-Sucrose Diet on Liver Mitochondrial Alterations and Quality Control Signalling in Male Offspring.; Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are relevant modulators of the intrauterine environment, increasing the risk of liver metabolic alterations in mothers and offspring. In contrast, as a non-pharmacological approach against metabolic disorders, exercise is highly recommended in GDM treatment. We analysed whether gestational exercise (GE) protects mothers from diet-induced GDM metabolic consequences and mitigates liver mitochondrial deleterious alterations in their 6-week-old male offspring. Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed with control or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with control diet. Sedentary HFHS mothers and their offspring showed impaired hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and morphological evidence of mitochondrial remodelling. In contrast, GE-related beneficial effects were demonstrated by upregulation of mitochondrial biogenesis signalling markers and mitochondrial fusion proteins and downregulation of mitochondrial fission protein. Alterations in miR-34a, miR-130b, and miR-494, associated with epigenetic regulation of mitochondrial biogenesis, suggested that GE is a more critical modulator of intergenerational changes in miRs expression than the maternal diet. Our data showed that GE positively modulated the altered hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers and quality control signalling associated with maternal HFHS-diet-related GDM in mothers and offspring.
Incidence of Prediabetes/Diabetes among Women with Prior Gestational Diabetes and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Prospective Observational Study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: This prospective longitudinal study aims to evaluate and compare the incidence of prediabetes/diabetes among women stratified at the baseline postpartum visit according to the prior GDM and NAFLD status. METHODS: Of the 309 women with baseline postpartum assessment at a median of 16 months following the index delivery, 200 (64.7%) [GDM: 137 (68.5%), normoglycaemia: 63 (31.5%)] were available for the follow-up analysis (performed at median of 54 months following the index delivery) and were participants for this study. We obtained relevant demographic, medical and obstetric details and performed a 75 g OGTT with glucose estimation at 0 and 120 min. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography at the baseline visit. Participants were divided into four groups: no NAFLD and no prior GDM (group 1), NAFLD but no prior GDM (group 2), prior GDM but no NAFLD (group 3), and NAFLD and prior GDM (group 4). RESULTS: The mean age of study participants (n = 200) was 32.2 ± 5.1 years, and the mean interval between the two visits was 34.8 ± 5.5 months. A total of 74 (37%) women had progression to prediabetes/diabetes [incidence rate of 12.8/100 woman-years]. The incidence rates (per 100 woman-years) were 8.6, 8.9, 13.4 and 15.3 in groups 1, 2, 3 and 4, respectively. The adjusted hazard ratio for incident (new-onset) prediabetes/diabetes in group 4 (reference: group 1) was 1.99 (95% CI 0.80, 4.96, P = 0.140). Among women with baseline NAFLD (irrespective of GDM status), the risk of incident prediabetes/diabetes increased with an increase in the duration of follow-up (3.03-fold higher per year of follow-up, P = 0.029) and was significantly higher in women who were not employed (6.43, 95% CI 1.74, 23.7, P = 0.005) and in women with GDM requiring insulin/metformin during pregnancy (4.46, 95% CI 1.27, 15.64, P = 0.019). CONCLUSION: NAFLD and GDM increased the risk for glycaemic deterioration in young Indian women. Future studies should focus on evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle and behavioural interventions in such high-risk women.
Maternal high-fat intake predisposes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in C57BL/6 offspring.; OBJECTIVE: This work aimed to verify the hypothesis that maternal intake of high-fat diet in critical periods of pregnancy and/or suckling period predisposes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in adult C57BL/6 mice offspring. STUDY DESIGN: Male pups were divided into 5 groups: (1) SC, from standard chow-fed dams; (2) G, from high-fat chow (HF)-fed dams during the gestation (G) period; (3) L, from HF-fed dams during the lactation (L) period; (4) GL, from HF-fed dams during the gestation and lactation (GL) periods; and (5) GL/HF, from HF-fed dams during GL, maintaining an HF diet from postweaning to adulthood. We analyzed body mass, plasma blood, and liver structure. RESULTS: The G offspring showed insulin resistance and lower glucose transporter-2 expression. Hepatic steatosis was present in the G, L, GL, and mainly in GL/HF offspring. Sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c expression was higher in G, GL, and GL/HF offspring. CONCLUSION: Programming by HF chow predisposes hepatic adverse remodeling in the liver of adult offspring.
Clinical update on screening, diagnosis and management of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular risk factors associated with polycystic ovary syndrome.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in premenopausal women. This review discusses the screening, diagnosis and management of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular risk factors associated with PCOS, highlighting significant recent developments. RECENT FINDINGS: PCOS is a complex genetic disorder with multiple susceptibility genes as well as environmental factors influencing the expression of various PCOS phenotypes. The first genome-wide association study of PCOS identified susceptibility loci on chromosome 2 near the luteinizing hormone receptor gene LHCGR and chromosome 9 near the obesity gene DEEND1A. Women with PCOS are affected by a variety of metabolic disorders, including insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type-2 diabetes, dyslipidemia and obesity. Recently, it has been established that women with PCOS have a high risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. These metabolic disturbances are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although women with PCOS have higher rates of cardiovascular risk factors and intermediate markers of CVD, studies definitively documenting increased CVD are lacking. SUMMARY: The high prevalence of metabolic disorders and CVD risk factors in women with PCOS highlights the need for early screening, diagnosis and treatment of these disorders to promote long-term health and possibly prevent CVD.
Differential expression of lipid metabolic genes in hypercholesterolemic rabbit placenta predisposes the offspring to develop atherosclerosis in early adulthood.; AIMS: Maternal hypercholesterolemia (MHC) is a pathological condition that may cause atherosclerosis in the adulthood of the offspring. The study aims to identify the role of in-utero programming by the placenta in atherogenesis and associated liver pathology in offspring. MAIN METHODS: Female New Zealand white rabbits with normal lipid profiles were fed a 0.3 % HFD after mating. Lipid levels were monitored, and pregnant rabbits were sacrificed at the end of trimester 1, trimester 2, and trimester 3. Placental histology and expression of lipid metabolism genes were studied. Lipid levels, aortic lesions, and mRNA expression of cholesterol synthesis genes were investigated in fetuses at the end of gestation. A group of fetuses was allowed to attain early adulthood to investigate the liver lipid metabolism and atherogenesis with and without an HFD. KEY FINDINGS: Elevated maternal lipid levels and placental gene expression were differentially modulated in HFD-fed mothers. HFD-fed rabbits demonstrated differential expression of the placental genes involved in receptor-mediated endocytosis of cholesterol, lipogenesis, and lipolysis in all three trimesters. It resulted in significant lipid depositions in the placenta, hyperlipidemia, and a decrease in hepatic cholesterol synthesis in fetuses at the end of gestation. There was no atherogenesis in the aorta of offspring at trimester 3, but such offspring of HFD-fed mothers developed atherosclerosis and non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFL) with profound steatosis in their early adulthood with and without HFD. SIGNIFICANCE: Diet-induced MHC differentially expressed placental lipid genes that may program the offspring to develop atherosclerosis and associated NAFL in early adulthood.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes in patients with hepatitis C and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: The sum of the parts.; OBJECTIVE: Hepatitis C virus and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) are well-known independent risk factors for adverse outcomes in pregnancy. In addition, it is well-established that there is an association between Hepatitis C and ICP. This study's objective was to describe the impact of having both Hepatitis C and ICP on maternal and obstetric outcomes compared to patients having either Hepatitis C or ICP. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of the Nationwide Readmissions Database, an all-payor sample of discharges from approximately 60% of US hospitalizations. Deliveries at 24-42+ weeks between 10/2015 and 12/2020 were included. Diagnosis of Hepatitis C and ICP, and outcomes related to severe maternal morbidity were identified using International Classification of Disease-10 codes. Patients were categorized based on Hepatitis C and ICP status. Weighted logistic and negative binomial regression analyses were used to evaluate the association between Hepatitis C and ICP status and outcomes, adjusting for patient and hospital characteristics. The primary outcome was any severe maternal morbidity; secondary outcomes included acute respiratory distress syndrome, acute kidney injury, sepsis, gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and hospital length of stay. We modeled interaction terms between ICP and Hepatitis C to assess whether there was a greater or lesser effect from having both conditions on outcomes than we would expect from additive combination of the individual components (i.e., synergy or antagonism). RESULTS: A total of 10,040,850 deliveries between 24-42+ weeks were identified. Of these, 45,368 had Hepatitis C only; 84,582 had ICP only; and 1,967 had both Hepatitis C and ICP. Patients with both Hepatitis C and ICP had 1.5-fold higher odds of developing severe maternal morbidity compared to having neither. There was an also an increased odds of severe maternal morbidity in patients with both Hepatitis C and ICP compared to patients with only Hepatitis C or ICP. Having both was also associated with higher odds of preterm birth and length of stay compared to having only Hepatitis C, only ICP, or neither (preterm birth: aOR 5.09, 95% CI 4.87-5.33 vs. neither; length of stay: 46% mean increase, 95% CI 35-58% vs. neither). Associations were additive-no significant interactions between hepatitis C and cholestasis were found on rates of severe maternal morbidity, acute respiratory distress syndrome, acute kidney injury, sepsis, cesarean section, or preterm birth (all p>0.05), and was minimal for gestational diabetes and length of stay. CONCLUSION: Hepatitis C and ICP are independent, additive risk factors for adverse maternal and obstetric outcomes. Despite physiologic plausibility, no evidence of a synergistic effect of these two diagnoses on outcomes was noted. These data may be useful in counseling patients regarding their increased risk of adverse outcomes when ICP presents in association with Hepatitis C versus ICP alone.
Clinical course of hepatitis B virus infection during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: For women with hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection, little is known about the natural progression of the disease during pregnancy or its impact on pregnancy outcomes. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the natural progression of HBV infection during pregnancy or its impact on pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, we reviewed medical records of all patients who were pregnant and presented with HBsAg-positivity between 2000 and 2008 at a community gastroenterology practice and a university hepatology clinic. Maternal characteristics were analysed according to maternal and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 29 cases with at least 2 measurements of either HBV DNA or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels were included. Older age was the only predictor of a trend towards higher risk of an adverse clinical outcome [OR = 1.21 (0.97-1.51), P = 0.089], defined as either a negative foetal outcome (premature delivery, spontaneous abortion), or a negative maternal outcomes (gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, hepatic flare, liver failure). This trend for age remained even after adjusting for baseline ALT. Baseline serum HBV DNA, ALT, hepatitis B e antigen status, gravida and parity were not significant predictors for adverse clinical outcomes. Four patients developed liver failure. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal and neonatal outcomes are highly variable in this clinic-based patient cohort. Severe complications due to HBV infection can occur during pregnancy in previously asymptomatic patients. It is unclear how generalizable the results observed in this cohort would be to the general population; therefore, further studies are needed to identify reliable predictors for significant adverse outcomes and until more data are available, pregnant patients with HBV infection should be monitored with periodic serum HBV DNA and ALT levels.
SIRT1 overexpression attenuates offspring metabolic and liver disorders as a result of maternal high-fat feeding.; KEY POINTS: Maternal high-fat diet (MHF) consumption led to metabolic and liver disorders in male offspring, which are associated with reduced sirtuin (SIRT)1 expression and activity in the offspring liver SIRT1 overexpression in MHF offspring reduced their body weight and adiposity and normalized lipid metabolic markers in epididymal and retroperitoneal adipose tissues SIRT1 overexpression in MHF offspring improved glucose tolerance, as well as systemic and hepatic insulin sensitivity SIRT1 overexpression ameliorated MHF-induced lipogenesis, oxidative stress and fibrogenesis in the liver of offspring. ABSTRACT: Maternal obesity can increase the risk of metabolic disorders in the offspring. However, the underlying mechanism responsible for this is not clearly understood. Previous evidence implied that sirtuin (SIRT)1, a potent regulator of energy metabolism and stress responses, may play an important role. In the present study, we have shown, in C57BL/6 mice, that maternal high-fat diet (HFD) consumption can induce a pre-diabetic and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease phenotype in the offspring, associated with reduced SIRT1 expression in the hypothalamus, white adipose tissues (WAT) and liver. Importantly, the overexpression of SIRT1 in these offspring significantly attenuated the excessive accumulation of epididymal (Epi) white adipose tissue (WAT) and retroperitoneal (Rp)WAT (P < 0.001), glucose intolerance and insulin resistance (both P < 0.05) at weaning age. These changes were associated with the suppression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR)γ (P < 0.01), PPARγ-coactivator 1-alpha (P < 0.05) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c in EpiWAT (P < 0.01), whereas there was increased expression of PPARγ in RpWAT (P < 0.05). In the liver, PPARγ mRNA expression, as well as Akt protein expression and activity, were increased (P < 0.05), whereas fatty acid synthase and carbohydrate response element binding protein were downregulated (P < 0.05), supporting increased insulin sensitivity and reduced lipogenesis in the liver. In addition, hepatic expression of endogenous anti-oxidants, including glutathione peroxidase 1 and catalase, was increased (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05 respectively), whereas collagen and fibronectin deposition was suppressed (P < 0.01). Collectively, the present study provides direct evidence of the mechanistic significance of SIRT1 in maternal HFD-induced metabolic dysfunction in offspring and suggests that SIRT1 is a promising target for fetal reprogramming.
Lean maternal hyperglycemia alters offspring lipid metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in mice†.; We previously developed a model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in which dams exhibit glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and reduced insulin response to glucose challenge only during pregnancy, without accompanying obesity. Here, we aimed to determine how lean gestational glucose intolerance affects offspring risk of metabolic dysfunction. One cohort of offspring was sacrificed at 19 weeks, and one at 31 weeks, with half of the second cohort placed on a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) at 23 weeks. Exposure to maternal glucose intolerance increased weights of HFHS-fed offspring. Chow-fed offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher body fat percentages at 4, 12, and 20 weeks of age. At 28 weeks, offspring of GDM dams fed the HFHS but not the chow diet (CD) also had higher body fat percentages than offspring of controls (CON). Exposure to GDM increased the respiratory quotient (Vol CO2/Vol O2) in offspring. Maternal GDM increased adipose mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (Pparg) and adiponectin (Adipoq) in 31-week-old CD-fed male offspring, and increased mRNA levels of insulin receptor (Insr) and lipoprotein lipase (Lpl) in 31-week-old male offspring on both diets. In liver at 31 weeks, mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (Ppara) were elevated in CD-fed male offspring of GDM dams, and male offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher mRNA levels of Insr on both diets. Neither fasting insulin nor glucose tolerance was affected by exposure to GDM. Our findings show that GDM comprising glucose intolerance only during pregnancy programs increased adiposity in offspring, and suggests increased insulin sensitivity of subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Analysis on the outcomes of hepatitis B virus perinatal vertical transmission: nested case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a public health problem worldwide, with vertical transmission as the leading transmission route. Therefore, it is very important to explore the risk factors associating with HBV perinatal transmission, providing valuable information for preventive and curative means for HBV perinatal infections. In this study, we systematically investigated the impact of adverse outcomes of HBV maternal infection on fetal intrauterine infection. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This is a nested case-control study that included 42 hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg)-positive pregnant women. Gestational weeks, delivery modes, alanine aminotransferase levels, platelet counts, liver ultrasonography results as well as adverse pregnancy outcomes for the pregnant mothers and Apgar scores at both 1 and 5 min, birth weight, and height for the newborn infants were recorded. Vein blood from pregnant mothers and cord blood immediately after delivery were collected for the detection of HBsAg, antibodies to hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg), antibody to hepatitis B e antigen, hepatitis B core antigen, and HBV DNA. Placental tissues were collected for detection of HBV DNA. RESULTS: Positive HBeAg as well as HBV DNA in the mother's serum were correlated closely with HBV intrauterine infection. Mother's age, delivery mode, alanine aminotransferase, blood platelet count, clinical HBV infection features, premature labor, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, fetal growth retardation, fetal distress, Apgar scores of the infant as well as the HBV infection status of the placenta all failed to show a statistically significant correlation with intrauterine infection. CONCLUSION: High level of HBV in maternal blood was one of the risk factors accounting for intrauterine infection.
Antenatal FibroScan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease with increasingly recognised associations with gestational diabetes (GDM), including within the antenatal period. AIMS: To assess the relationship between MAFLD in pregnancy and development of GDM. METHODS: Fifty pregnant women were enrolled before 24 weeks gestation from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. Two FibroScan® assessments were performed, one prior to 24 weeks and one after 30 weeks gestation, to assess hepatic steatosis and stiffness. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) score ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. GDM was determined by an antenatal 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing. RESULTS: Six (12%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy, while none had abnormal hepatic stiffness. Sixteen (32%) women developed GDM. No significant difference was observed in GDM rates (50% vs 29.5%; P = 0.37) between those with MAFLD in early pregnancy and those without. At the second scan (completed by 34 women), those who developed GDM had a lower observed mean increase in CAP scores (11.1 ± 23.3 dB/m vs -14.9 ± 26.0 dB/m; P = 0.004) and lower maternal weight gain (0.6 ± 0.2 kg/week vs 0.4 ± 0.2 kg/week; P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: There was no statistically significant association between FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy and subsequent development of GDM in this pilot study. Maternal weight gain may be associated with changes in the CAP scores, which reflect steatosis, during pregnancy.
Low Birthweight Increases the Likelihood of Severe Steatosis in Pediatric Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.; OBJECTIVES: Small for gestational age (SGA) is associated with an increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Our aim was to investigate the correlation of birthweight with the severity of liver damage in a large cohort of children with NAFLD. METHODS: Two hundred and eighty-eight consecutive Caucasian Italian overweight/obese children with biopsy-proven NAFLD were included in the study. We examined the relative association of each histological feature of NAFLD with metabolic alterations, insulin-resistance, I148M polymorphism in the patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 (PNPLA3) gene, and birthweight relative to gestational age. RESULTS: In the whole NAFLD cohort, 12.2% of patients were SGA, 62.8% appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and 25% large for gestational age (LGA). SGA children had a higher prevalence of severe steatosis (69%) and severe portal inflammation (14%) compared with the AGA and LGA groups. Notably, severe steatosis (>66%) was decreasing from SGA to AGA and LGA, whereas the prevalence of moderate steatosis (33-66%) was similar in three groups. The prevalence of type 1 NAFLD is higher in the LGA group with respect to the other two groups (25% vs.5.2% vs.9.4%), whereas the SGA group shows a higher prevalence of overlap type (85.8%) with respect to the LGA group (51.4%) but not compared with the AGA group (75%). At multivariable regression analysis, SGA at birth increased fourfold the likelihood of severe steatosis (odds ratio (OR) 4.0, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.43-10.9, P=0.008) and threefold the likelihood of NAFLD Activity Score (NAS)≥5 (OR 2.98, 95% CI 1.06-8.33, P=0.037) independently of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and PNPLA3 genotype. The PNPLA3-CC wild-type genotype was the strongest independent predictor of the absence of significant fibrosis (OR 0.26, 95% CI 0.13-0.52, P=<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In children with NAFLD, the risk of severe steatosis is increased by SGA at birth, independent of and in addition to other powerful risk factors (insulin-resistance and I148M variant of the PNPLA3 gene).
Vitamin E Supplement Protects Against Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice Through nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase-1 Signaling Pathway.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnant disorder worldwide. In this study, we aimed to explore whether vitamin E (VE) treatment alone could protect against GDM in a mouse model. METHODS: 6-week-old C57BL/6J female mice were fed on high-fat diet for two weeks and continued with high-fat diet after pregnancy to induce GDM. The pregnant mice were orally administrated with 2.5, 25 or 250 mg/kg VE twice per day during pregnancy together with high-fat diet. Oral glucose tolerance test, insulin amounts, oxidative stress and inflammation were then measured. RESULTS: Only 250 mg/kg VE could improve glucose tolerance and insulin level in pregnant mice. VE (250 mg/kg) effectively inhibited GDM-induced hyperlipidemia, and secretion of inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6. VE also significantly ameliorated maternal oxidative stress at the late stage of pregnancy, and also improved reproductive outcomes, including increasing the litter size and birth weight in GDM mice. Moreover, VE also activated GDM-reduced nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) / heme oxygenase-1 signaling pathway in the maternal liver tissues of GDM mice. CONCLUSION: Our data clearly demonstrated that 250 mg/kg VE twice a day during pregnancy could significantly ameliorate the symptoms of GDM by alleviating oxidative stress, inflammation, hyperglycemia, and hyperlipidemia through Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway in GDM mice. Thus, additional VE supplement might be beneficial to GDM.
Fatty liver index predicts further metabolic deteriorations in women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Determinants of fatty liver (FL) might be predictive for further deterioration in insulin resistance (IR) in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). The aim was to evaluate the association between pGDM, FL and future manifestation of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by a detailed pathophysiological characterization early after pregnancy. METHODS: 68 pGDM and 29 healthy controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: status of IR was determined via oral- and intravenous-glucose-tolerance-tests with analysis of proinflammatory factors and kinetics of free-fatty-acids (FFA). According to the fatty-liver-index (FLI), pGDMs were categorized into three groups with low (FLI≤20), intermediate (20<FLI<60) and high (FLI≥60) risk for FL to assess differences in metabolic parameters at baseline as well as in the 10-year incidence for T2DM. Accuracy of FLI was proven with 1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy. RESULTS: FL was strongly associated with IR in pGDM. pGDM with FLI≥60 showed significantly increased interleukin-6, plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-1, tissue-plasminogen-activator, fibrinogen and increased ultrasensitive-C-reactive-protein compared to the low risk group (FLI≤20). Analysis of FFA indicated a less pronounced decrease of plasma FFA levels during the oral-glucose-tolerance-test in subjects with FLI≥60. History of GDM plus FLI≥60 conferred a high risk for the manifestation of diabetes over 10 years of observation as compared to pGDMs with FLI≤20 (HR:7.85, Cl:2.02-30.5, p = 0.003). CONCLUSION: FL is closely linked to GDM, especially to IR and inflammation. Most interestingly, subjects with the highest FLI values showed significant alterations in FFA kinetics and a higher risk to develop T2DM in future.
Nutritional recovery with okara diet prevented hypercholesterolemia, hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance.; We assessed the biological value of an okara diet and its effects on the hormonal and metabolic profile of rats submitted to protein restriction during intra-uterine life and lactation and recovered after weaning. Male rats from mothers fed either 17% or 6% protein during pregnancy and lactation were maintained on 17% casein (CC, LC), 17% okara (CO, LO) or 6% casein (LL) diets over 60 d. The nutritional quality of the okara protein was similar to that of casein. The okara diet was effective in the nutritional recovery of rats in growing that were malnourished in early life. Furthermore, the okara diet reversed the hypercholesterolemia and the hepatic steatosis observed in the malnutrition and prevented glucose intolerance in an animal model prone to diabetes mellitus.
Longer lactation duration is associated with decreased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Lactation lowers blood glucose and triglycerides, and increases insulin sensitivity. We hypothesized that a longer duration of lactation would be associated with lower prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is the leading cause of chronic liver disease in the United States. METHODS: Participants from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults cohort study who delivered ≥ 1 child post-baseline (Y0: 1985-1986), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n = 844). The duration of lactation was summed for all post-baseline births, and NAFLD at Y25 was assessed by central review of CT images and defined by liver attenuation ≤ 40 Hounsfield Units after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis. Unadjusted and multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed using an a priori set of confounding variables; age, race, education, and baseline body mass index. RESULTS: Of 844 women who delivered after baseline (48% black, 52% white, mean age 49 years at Y25 exam), 32% reported lactation duration of 0 to 1 month, 25% reported >1 to 6 months, 43% reported more than 6 months, while 54 (6%) had NAFLD. Longer lactation duration was inversely associated with NAFLD in unadjusted logistic regression. For women who reported >6 months lactation compared to those reporting 0-1 month, the odds ratio for NAFLD was 0.48 (95% CI 0.25-0.94; p = 0.03) and the association remained after adjustment for confounders (adjusted odds ratio 0.46; 95% CI 0.22-0.97; p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: A longer duration of lactation, particularly greater than 6 months, is associated with lower odds of NAFLD in mid-life and may represent a modifiable risk factor for NAFLD. LAY SUMMARY: A longer duration of breastfeeding has been associated with multiple potential health benefits for the mother including reduction in heart disease, diabetes and certain cancers. In this study we found that breastfeeding for longer than 6 months was associated with a lower risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mid-life.
Prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant patients visiting National Guard primary health care centers in Saudi Arabia.; To measure the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its risk factors in Saudi Arabia, in comparison with developed and developing countries worldwide.  Methods: We enrolled pregnant women aged 15-45 years who visited 3 National Guard-Health Affairs' primary health care centers in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia between January 2017 and December 2017. We used stratified samples and computer-generated random numbers to collect data. This data includes demographics, obstetric history, blood pressure, non-fasting 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT), 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), hemoglobin level, rubella immunization status, hepatitis B surface antigen status, urinalysis results, and labor, and delivery notes. We categorized the patients into 2 groups, GDM and non-GDM, based on GCT and OGTT. Results: We enrolled 347 women in the study (mean age, 28.8±6 years; range, 18-45 years). On GCT, 36.6% of women showed abnormal values and 6.9% exhibited diagnostic values. Oral glucose tolerance test indicated impairment in 18.7% of patients and a diagnostic finding in 15% of patients. Women diagnosed with GDM tended to be older and have greater body mass index (BMI) values. Conclusion: The prevalence of GDM in Saudi Arabia is high compared to other countries. Advanced maternal age and higher BMI values were associated with increased prevalence of GDM. Thus, early prevention and management of GDM is vital to minimize the risks to both the mother and fetus.
MC4R deficiency in pigs results in hyperphagia and ultimately hepatic steatosis without high-fat diet.; Melanocortin 4 receptor (MC4R)-deficient mice had been used for several years to study human nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). However, although liver pathologic and biochemical indicators have been examined, mice models do not always faithfully display the phenotype of the human disease. In this study, we investigated the MC4R knockout phenotype in miniature pigs. We found that pigs lacking MC4R exhibited hyperorexia, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, disordered lipid metabolism and their livers accumulated significant amounts of fat. We have shown that deletion of MC4R results in hyperphagia and increased body fat, ultimately leading to hepatic steatosis without atherogenic diet.
Transgenerational effects of zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation on glucose homeostasis in female offspring of gestational diabetes rats.; Clinical studies have demonstrated that maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the offspring's risk of developing glucose intolerance. Our previous study reported that co-supplementation with zinc, selenium, and chromium improved insulin resistance in diet-induced GDM rats. Here, Transgenerational effects of supplementation with zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 μg/kg.bw), and chromium (20 μg/kg.bw) in F1 female offspring of both zinc, selenium and chromium (ZnSeCr)-treated, and untreated GDM rats daily by gavage from weaning to the postpartum were investigated in the present study. Glucose homeostasis in the F1 female offspring of GDM at different stages were evaluated. Maternal GDM did increase the birth mass of newborn F1 female offspring, as well as the serum glucose and insulin levels. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation attenuated the GDM-induced mass gain, increased serum glucose and insulin levels in the female neonates. The high fat and sucrose (HFS) diet-fed GDM-F1 offspring developed GDM, with glucose intolerance, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance during pregnancy. Moreover, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-related protein levels were increased and the activation of insulin signaling pathways were reduced in the liver of HFS-fed GDM-F1 offspring. Whereas glucose homeostasis in parallel with insulin sensitivity was normalized in the female offspring of GDM by supplementation both F0 dams and F1 offspring with zinc, selenium and chromium, not in those either F0 or F1 elements supplemented offspring. Therefore, we speculate that zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may have a potential beneficial transgenerational effect on the glucose homeostasis in the female offspring of GDM.
The preventive effect of mussel oil on gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose diet.; The present study aimed to investigate the preventive effect of mussel oil (MO) on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose (HFHS) diet. Pregnant mice were allocated to four groups: normal diet + corn oil (CO), HFHS + CO, HFHS + fish oil (FO), and HFHS + MO. The total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in MO (51.30%) and FO (48.25%) were comparable (mainly C22:6n-3 and C20:5n-3). HFHS + MO and HHFS + FO had a significantly lower area under the curve (AUC) for the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) than the HFHS + CO group. The HFHS + MO group but not HFHS + FO group had a significantly lower AUC for the insulin tolerance test (ITT) than the HFHS + CO group. The HFHS + MO group had significantly lower homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fasting serum insulin than the HHFS + FO and HFHS + CO groups. Liver sphingosine kinase 1 (SphK1) was significantly higher, while SphK2, Akt, and P-Akt were significantly lower in the HFHS + CO group compared with the normal diet + CO group. The HFHS + MO group but not the HFHS + FO group had significantly higher SphK2, Akt, and P-Akt than the HFHS + CO group. SphK2 had a strong negative correlation with the AUC for the OGTT (r = -0.759, p = 0.001) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) (r = -0.637; p = 0.008), fasting serum insulin (r = -0.594, p = 0.015), fasting blood glucose (r = -0.587, p = 0.017) and HOMA-IR (r = -0.629, p = 0.009) and a strong positive correlation with Akt (r = 0.594, p = 0.015) and P-Akt (r = 0.676, p = 0.004). In conclusion, mussel oil improved glucose intolerance and insulin resistance during mice pregnancy, which was superior to the effects of fish oil.
Maternal hepatitis B infection and gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: This retrospective cohort study was performed to examine the relationship between maternal hepatitis B virus infection, as indicated by the surface antigen status, with the development of gestational diabetes mellitus in a normal-risk Chinese obstetric population. METHODS: Maternal demographics, risk factors, and pregnancy outcome of 13,683 singleton pregnancies delivering in 1998-2001 were analysed according to maternal hepatitis B surface antigen status, which was routinely screened. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to examine the role of hepatitis B infection in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: The 1138 women (8.3%) with hepatitis B infection had lower mean weight and body mass index, similar prevalence of chronic medical diseases and smokers, but increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, which remained significant (odds ratio 1.24, 95% confidence interval 1.01-1.51) after adjustment for confounding variables. However, there was no difference in pregnancy outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Our results confirmed the independent association between hepatitis B infection with gestational diabetes mellitus. The magnitude of chronic hepatitis B infection in the developing world and certain ethnic groups could have contributed to the high prevalence of gestational and possibly type 2 diabetes in these populations. Further studies on the long-term implications of our finding are warranted.
The Predictive Ability of Hepatic Steatosis Index for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Large for Gestational Age Infant Compared with Other Noninvasive Indices Among Chinese Pregnancies: A Preliminary Double-center Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as large for gestational age (LGA) infant in Chinese women. METHODS: A total of 1082 pregnant women were included in this study. Maternal basic laboratory data, including ALT, AST, FBG, insulin, TG, and HDL-C, were tested during 6-12 weeks of gestation and anthropometric characteristics were monitored during gestation. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted at 24-28 weeks of gestation. HSI, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) liver fat score, triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) and triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index were calculated. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval for subsequent risk of GDM and LGA by HSI quartiles were assessed by binary logistic regression model. The predictive ability of HSI for GDM and LGA was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and was compared with other indices. RESULTS: The incidence of GDM and LGA were 22.09% (239/1082) and 10.53% (87/826). HSI was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (median, interquartile range: 30.67, 27.20-35.10 vs 27.98, 25.70-30.82, P<0.001). Incidence of GDM was gradually increased with increasing HSI values. Women in the highest HSI quartile had significantly higher risk of LGA delivery than those in the lowest HSI quartile (P<0.05). The area under the ROC curves of HSI for GDM and LGA were higher than other indices, reaching 0.646 (95%CI: 0.605-0.686) and 0.600 (95%CI: 0.541-0.660), respectively. CONCLUSION: Higher HSI was independently associated with higher risk of GDM and LGA in Chinese women. HSI in the first trimester can predict the risk of GDM and LGA.
Regulation of the novel adipokines/ hepatokines fetuin A and fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Fetuin B has recently been introduced as a novel adipokine/hepatokine which is significantly increased in hepatic steatosis and mediates impaired insulin action, as well as glucose intolerance. However, regulation of fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as well as its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period, have not been elucidated, so far. DESIGN AND METHODS: Circulating fetuin A and fetuin B were quantified in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy and gestational age-matched controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay during pregnancy (median gestational age: 201days). Furthermore, fetuin B was quantified during pregnancy as compared to postpartum levels in a follow-up study (median time after delivery: 4years and 115days). RESULTS: Median [interquartile range] serum fetuin B levels were significantly higher in women with GDM (4.8 [1.7] mg/l) as compared to non-diabetic pregnant controls (4.3 [1.2] mg/l) (p=0.013) during pregnancy. In multivariate analysis, GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A were independent and positive predictors of circulating fetuin B. Furthermore, fetuin B serum concentrations significantly decreased after delivery from 4.6 [1.7] mg/l (prepartum) to 3.0 [2.2] mg/l (postpartum) in all women (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have significantly higher fetuin B levels as compared to healthy pregnant control women and GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A positively predict circulating fetuin B. Postpartum fetuin B is decreased as compared to prepartum values suggesting a placental co-secretion of this novel adipokine/hepatokine. Further studies need to elucidate factors contributing to fetuin B regulation in humans, as well as the pathophysiological significance of fetuin B upregulation in GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: fetal liver length measurements between 21and 24 weeks' gestation.; PURPOSE: To evaluate sonographic measurements of the fetal liver, fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly area between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A total of 123 consecutive healthy pregnant women underwent sonographic examination at 21-24 weeks' gestational age. The measurements included fetal biometry, detailed anomaly scan, and fetal body composition measurements (subcutaneous fat, liver size, cardiac muscle thickness, and Wharton's jelly area). GDM was confirmed by way of a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test using World Health Organization criteria within 1 week of the examination. RESULTS: Nineteen (15.4%) women were diagnosed with GDM, while 104 (84.6%) women were without GDM. The mean fetal liver length was 36 mm (95% CI 32-37) in women with GDM and 31 mm (95% CI 30-33) in women without GDM (p < 0.01). Liver enlargement was related to maternal fasting glucose levels and not 2-hour postprandial levels. There was no significant difference in the fetal biometric and other fetal body measurements between the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study suggest that midtrimester fetal liver length appears to be longer in GDM than in normal pregnancies. However, the fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly were not affected. Nevertheless, further, larger randomized studies are required to confirm these findings.
Obeticholic acid ameliorates dyslipidemia but not glucose tolerance in mouse model of gestational diabetes.; Metabolism alters markedly with advancing gestation, characterized by progressive insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and raised serum bile acids. The nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor (FXR) has an integral role in bile acid homeostasis and modulates glucose and lipid metabolism. FXR is known to be functionally suppressed in pregnancy. The FXR agonist, obeticholic acid (OCA), improves insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. We therefore hypothesized that OCA treatment during pregnancy could improve disease severity in a mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) for 4 wk before and throughout pregnancy to induce GDM. The impact of the diet supplemented with 0.03% OCA throughout pregnancy was studied. Pregnant HFD-fed mice displayed insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. OCA significantly reduced plasma cholesterol concentrations in nonpregnant and pregnant HFD-fed mice (by 22.4%, P < 0.05 and 36.4%, P < 0.001, respectively) and reduced the impact of pregnancy on insulin resistance but did not change glucose tolerance. In nonpregnant HFD-fed mice, OCA ameliorated weight gain, reduced mRNA expression of inflammatory markers in white adipose tissue, and reduced plasma glucagon-like peptide 1 concentrations (by 62.7%, P < 0.01). However, these effects were not evident in pregnant mice. OCA administration can normalize plasma cholesterol levels in a mouse model of GDM. However, the absence of several of the effects of OCA in pregnant mice indicates that the agonistic action of OCA is not sufficient to overcome many metabolic consequences of the pregnancy-associated reduction in FXR activity.
Maternal diet intervention before pregnancy primes offspring lipid metabolism in liver.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has a developmental origin and is influenced in utero. We aimed to evaluate if maternal diet intervention before pregnancy would be beneficial to reduce the risk of offspring NAFLD. In our study, female mice were either on a normal-fat diet (NF group), or a high-fat diet for 12 weeks and continued on this diet throughout pregnancy and lactation (HF group), or switched from HF-to-NF diet 1 week (H1N group), or 9 weeks (H9N group) before pregnancy. Compared with the NF offspring, the H1N and HF, but not the H9N offspring, displayed more severe hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance. More specifically, an abnormal blood lipid panel was seen in the H1N offspring and abnormal hepatic free fatty acid composition was present in both the HF and H1N offspring, while the H9N offspring displayed both at normal levels. These physiological changes were associated with desensitized hepatic insulin/AKT signaling, increased expression of genes and proteins for de novo lipogenesis and cholesterol synthesis, decreased expression of genes and proteins for fatty acid oxidation, increased Pcsk9 expression, and hypoactivation of 5' AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling in the HF and H1N offspring. However, these effects were completely or partially rescued in the H9N offspring. In summary, we found that early maternal diet intervention is effective in reducing the risk of offspring NAFLD caused by maternal HF diet. These findings provide significant support to develop effective diet intervention strategies and policies for prevention of obesity and NAFLD to promote optimal health outcomes for mothers and children.
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in U.S. Women.; AIM: To investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. METHODS: This is a population-based cross-sectional study based on data from the 2017-2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age ≥ 20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. RESULTS: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7-13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI, a higher prevalence of T2D and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p = 0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, γ-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48-5.93, p < 0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, while previous GDM showed a neutral effect. CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous GDM that do not develop overt T2D might not experience a poor hepatic prognosis.
Berberine Ameliorates Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT Signaling Pathway in Liver of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Rats.; Introduction: Berberine is derived from rhizoma coptidis, a well-known Traditional Chinese herbal Medicine that has been found to be effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in recent years. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of berberine on a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rat model and the related mechanisms. Methods: GDM was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats using a high-fat diet before and during pregnancy. Berberine (100 mg/kg/day) was administered from the 7th to 20th day of pregnancy. Insulin resistance (IR), glucose tolerance, and maternal, fetal, and placental weight were determined. Liver histopathological analysis, as well as analysis of C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), inhibitor kappa B kinaseβ (IKKβ), nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1), and protein kinase B (AKT), was performed at the end of pregnancy. Results: Treatment of GDM rats with berberine markedly decreased IR, the number of dead and absorptive fetuses, maternal body weight gain, and fetal and placental weight compared with GDM without berberine. Furthermore, berberine decreased CRP and TNF-α levels, IKKβ expression, NF-κB P65 nuclear translocation, and changed the phosphorylation of JNK, IRS-1, and AKT in the liver of GDM rats. Conclusions: Berberine improved IR and maternal-fetal outcomes of GDM rats, possibly through modulation of IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT signaling pathways in the liver. Therefore, berberine may be a potential GDM treatment.
Time-Restricted Feeding during Puberty Ameliorates Adiposity and Prevents Hepatic Steatosis in a Mouse Model of Childhood Obesity.; BACKGROUND: Time restricted feeding (TRF) refers to dietary interventions in which food access is limited during a specific timeframe of the day. TRFs have proven useful in improving metabolic health in adult subjects with obesity. Their beneficial effects are mediated, in part, through modulating the circadian rhythm. Nevertheless, the translation of these dietary interventions onto obese/overweight children and adolescents remains uncharacterized. The objective of this study is to explore the feasibility of temporal dietary interventions for improving metabolic health in the context of childhood obesity. METHODS: We have previously developed a mouse model of early adiposity (i.e., childhood obesity) through litter size reduction. Mice raised in small litters (SL) became obese as early as by two weeks of age, and as adults, they developed several obesity-related co-morbidities, including insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis. Here, we explored whether two independent short-term chrono-nutritional interventions might improve metabolic health in 1-month-old pre-pubertal SL mice. Both TRFs comprised 8 h feeding/14 h fasting. In the first one (TRF1) Control and SL mice had access to the diet for 8 h during the dark phase. In the second intervention (TRF2) food was available during the light:dark transitions. RESULTS: TRF1 did not alter food intake nor ameliorate adiposity in SL-TRF1. In contrast, SL-TRF2 mice showed unintentional reduction of caloric intake, which was accompanied by reduced total body weight and adiposity. Strikingly, hepatic triglyceride content was completely normalized in SL-TRF1 and SL-TRF2 mice, when compared to the ad lib-fed SL mice. These effects were partially mediated by (i) clock-dependent signals, which might modulate the expression of Pparg or Cpt1a, and (ii) clock-independent signals, such as fasting itself, which could influence Fasn expression. CONCLUSIONS: Time-restricted feeding is an effective and feasible nutritional intervention to improve metabolic health, namely hepatic steatosis, in a model of childhood obesity. These data open new avenues for future safe and efficient chrono-nutritional interventions aimed to improve metabolic health in children with overweight/obesity.
In Utero Dexamethasone Exposure Exacerbates Hepatic Steatosis in Rats That Consume Fructose During Adulthood.; Distinct environmental insults might interact with fructose consumption and contribute to the development of metabolic disorders. To address whether in utero glucocorticoid exposure and fructose intake modulate metabolic responses, adult female Wistar rats were exposed to dexamethasone (DEX) during pregnancy, and the offspring were administered fructose at a later time. Briefly, dams received DEX during the third period of pregnancy, while control dams remained untreated. Offspring born to control and DEX-treated mothers were defined as CTL-off and DEX-off, respectively, while untreated animals were designated CTL-off-CTL and DEX-off-CTL. CLT-off and DEX-off treated with 10% fructose in the drinking water for 8 weeks are referred to as CTL-off-FRU and DEX-off-FRU. We found that fructose promoted glucose intolerance and whole-body gluconeogenesis in both CTL-off-FRU and DEX-off-FRU animals. On the other hand, hepatic lipid accumulation was significantly stimulated in DEX-off-FRU rats when compared to the CTL-off-FRU group. The DEX-off-FRU group also displayed impaired very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) production and reduced hepatic expression of apoB, mttp, and sec22b. DEX-off-FRU has lower hepatic levels of autophagy markers. Taken together, our results support the unprecedented notion that in utero glucocorticoid exposure exacerbates hepatic steatosis caused by fructose consumption later in life.
Severe gestational diabetes mellitus in lean dams is associated with low IL-1α levels and affects the growth of the juvenile mouse offspring.; We investigated how maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts the metabolic status of offspring. GDM was induced in CD1 mice consuming a fast-food diet (FFD) by repeated low-dose streptozotocin injections before mating. Offspring of normoglycemic standard chow or the FFD consuming dams served as controls. In 4-week-old offspring weaned to standard chow, plasma concentrations of extracellular DNA, inflammatory markers, and parameters of the cardiometabolic status (glycemia, liver lipid content; body, organ, and fat weight) were determined. Two-factor analysis of variance indicated that the male offspring of GDM dams manifest postnatal growth retardation and lower relative kidney weight. Regardless of sex, GDM offspring manifest the lowest IL-1α levels, and other inflammatory markers showed mild and inconsistent alterations. Offspring of dams consuming the FFD displayed higher liver triacylglycerols content. The three groups of offspring showed no significant differences in glycemia and extracellular DNA. Partial least squares-discriminant analysis indicated that male GDM offspring present lower kidney, body, and brown adipose tissue weights; lower IL-1α levels, and higher concentrations of GM-CSF and IL-10 compared with their FFD counterparts. The model failed to select discriminative variables in females. In conclusion, in mice, maternal GDM in the absence of obesity adversely affects the early growth of juvenile male offspring.
Targeted Analysis of Three Hormonal Systems Identifies Molecules Associated with the Presence and Severity of NAFLD.; AIMS: To investigate circulating levels and liver gene expression of 3 hormonal pathways associated with obesity, insulin resistance, and inflammation to identify leads towards potential diagnostic markers and therapeutic targets in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). METHODS: We compared circulating levels of (1) proglucagon-derived hormones (glucagon-like peptide [GLP]-1, GLP-2, glicentin, oxyntomodulin, glucagon, major proglucagon fragment [MPGF]), (2) follistatins-activins (follistatin-like [FSTL]3, activin B), (3) IGF axis (insulin-like growth factor [IGF]-1, total and intact IGF binding protein [IGFBP]-3 and IGFBP-4, and pregnancy-associated plasma protein [PAPP]-A) in 2 studies: (1) 18 individuals with early stage NAFLD versus 14 controls (study 1; early NAFLD study) and in (2) 31 individuals with biopsy proven NAFLD (15 with simple steatosis [SS] and 16 with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis [NASH]), vs 50 controls (24 lean and 26 obese) (study 2). Liver gene expression was assessed in 22 subjects (12 controls, 5 NASH, 5 NASH-related cirrhosis). RESULTS: Patients in early stages of NAFLD demonstrate higher fasting MPGF and lower incremental increase of glicentin during oral glucose tolerance test than controls. In more advanced stages, FSTL3 levels are higher in NASH than simple steatosis and, within NAFLD patients, in those with more severe lobular and portal inflammation. The IGF-1/intact IGFBP-3 ratio is lower in patients with liver fibrosis. Genes encoding follistatin, activin A, activin B, and the IGF-1 receptor are higher in NASH. CONCLUSION: MPGF and glicentin may be involved in early stages of NAFLD, whereas FSTL3 and IGF-1/intact IGFBP3 in the progression to NASH and liver fibrosis respectively, suggesting potential as diagnostic markers or therapeutic targets.
Pregravid liver enzyme levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus during a subsequent pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Liver enzymes are independent predictors of type 2 diabetes. Although liver fat content correlates with features of insulin resistance, a risk factor for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the relationship between liver enzymes and GDM is unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether pregravid liver enzyme levels are associated with subsequent risk of GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A nested case-control study was conducted among women who participated in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California multiphasic health checkup (1984-1996) and had a subsequent pregnancy (1984-2009). Case patients were 256 women who developed GDM. Two control subjects were selected for each case patient and matched for year of blood draw, age at examination, age at pregnancy, and number of intervening pregnancies. RESULTS: Being in the highest quartile versus the lowest quartile of γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels was associated with a twofold increased risk of subsequent GDM (odds ratio 1.97 [95% CI 1.14-3.42]), after adjusting for race/ethnicity, prepregnancy BMI, family history of diabetes, and alcohol use. This result was attenuated after adjusting for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting status, and rate of gestational weight gain. There was significant interaction between GGT and HOMA-IR; the association with GGT was found among women in the highest tertile of HOMA-IR. Aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase were not associated with increased GDM risk. CONCLUSIONS: Pregravid GGT level, but not alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase level, predicted the subsequent risk of GDM. Markers of liver fat accumulation, such as GGT level, are present years before pregnancy and may help to identify women at increased risk for subsequent GDM.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical and Laboratory Findings and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Assessed by Elastography.; OBJECTIVE:  To evaluate the association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), adding liver assessment through elastography and ultrasound, for correlation with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Metabolic syndrome occurs in ∼ 43% of women with PCOS, and NAFLD is the hepatic expression of MetS. METHODS:  One hundred women, 50 with PCOS and 50 controls, matched by age (18-35 years) and body mass index (BMI) were included, restricted to patients with overweight and obesity grade 1, at the Assis Chateaubrian Maternity School, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil. For the diagnosis of PCOS, we adopted the Rotterdam criteria, and for the diagnosis of MetS, the criteria of the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP/ATP III). Hepatic elastography and ultrasound were performed to assess liver stiffness and echotexture, respectively. RESULTS:  The average ages were 29.1 (±5.3) and 30.54 (±4.39) years, for the PCOS and the control group, respectively. Patients with PCOS had a risk 4 times higher of having MetS, odds ratio (95% confidence interval) = 4.14, than those in the control group. Women with PCOS had higher average of abdominal circumference (100.9 ± 9.08 cm vs 94.96 ± 6.99 cm) and triglycerides (162 ± 54.63 mg/dL vs 137.54 ± 36.91 mg/dL) and lower average of HDL cholesterol (45.66 ± 6.88 mg/dL vs 49.78 ± 7.05 mg/dL), with statistically significant difference. Hepatic steatosis was observed on ultrasound in women with PCOS; however, with no statistically significant difference. There was no change to NAFLD at elastography in any group. CONCLUSION:  Women with PCOS had 4-fold higher frequency of MetS and more hepatic steatosis, with no statistically significant difference. There was no change in liver stiffness between the groups at elastography. The results can be extended only to populations of overweight and obesity grade 1, with PCOS or not. They cannot be generalized to other untested groups.
Influence of placental and peripheral malaria exposure in fetal life on cardiometabolic traits in adult offspring.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal malaria exposure may lead to intrauterine growth restriction and increase the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. We investigated the extent to which fetal peripheral and placental malaria exposure impacts insulin sensitivity and secretion, body composition and cardiometabolic health 20 years after in utero malaria exposure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We traced 101 men and women in Muheza district, Tanga region whose mothers participated in a malaria chemosuppression during a pregnancy study in 1989-1992. All potential participants were screened for malaria, hepatitis B and HIV to ascertain study eligibility. Seventy-six individuals (44 men, 32 women) were included in this cohort study. The participants underwent a thorough clinical examination including anthropometric measurements, ultrasound scanning for abdominal fat distribution, blood pressure, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, an intravenous glucose tolerance test followed by a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and a submaximal exercise test. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to placental malaria during pregnancy had significantly higher 30-minute plasma post-glucose load levels, but no significant difference in peripheral insulin resistance, insulin secretion or other cardiometabolic traits compared with non-exposed individuals. CONCLUSIONS: Using the state-of-the-art euglycemic clamp technique, we were unable to prove our a priori primary hypothesis of peripheral insulin resistance in young adult offspring of pregnancies affected by malaria. However, the subtle elevations of plasma glucose might represent an early risk marker for later development of type 2 diabetes if combined with aging and a more obesogenic living environment.
Programming of obesity and comorbidities in the progeny: lessons from a model of diet-induced obese parents.; AIM: To determine the impact of paternal obesity, maternal obesity or the combination of two obese parents on markers of adult offspring metabolism, with a focus on body mass (BM), lipid and carbohydrate, components of lipogenesis and beta-oxidation in the liver, sex dimorphism in the offspring that received a SC diet during the postnatal period. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Male and female C57BL/6 mice were fed a high-fat diet (HF; 49% lipids) or standard chow (SC; 17% lipids) for 8 weeks before mating until lactation. The offspring were labeled according to sex, maternal diet (first letters), paternal diet (second letters), and received a SCdiet until 12-weeks of age when they were sacrificed. BM, eating behavior, glucose tolerance, plasma analysis, gene and protein expression of the components of lipogenesis and beta-oxidation in the liver of offspring were evaluated. RESULTS: HF diet-fed mothers and fathers were overweight, hyperglycemic and glucose intolerant and had a deteriorating lipid profile. The adult male and female offspring of HF-mothers were overweight, with an increased adiposity index, hyperphagic, had an impaired glucose metabolism, increased total cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels, increased lipogenesis concomitant with decreased beta-oxidation resulting in liver steatosis. The male and female offspring of HF-father had impaired glucose metabolism, exacerbated lipogenesis without influencing beta-oxidation and enhanced hepatic steatosis. These findings are independent of BM. Male and female offspring of a mother and father that received a HF diet demonstrated these effects most prominently in adult life. CONCLUSION: Paternal obesity leads to alterations in glucose metabolism, increase in components of lipogenesis and liver steatosis. In contrast, maternal obesity leads to overweight and changes in the metabolic profile and liver resulting from activation of hepatic lipogenesis with impaired beta-oxidation. When both parents are obese, the effects observed in the male and female offspring are exacerbated.
Impact of imidacloprid exposure on gestational hyperglycemia: A multi-omics analysis.; Imidacloprid (IMI), a commonly utilized neonicotinoid insecticide, has been identified to adversely impact glucose homeostasis. Pregnant women are believed to be more sensitive to toxins than non-pregnant women, and the impact of IMI exposure on gestational hyperglycemia remain unclear. To explore the impact, pregnant mice fed a high-fat diet were exposed to different doses (0.06, 0.6, 6 mg/kg bw/day) of IMI by gavage. Glucose homeostasis-related parameters were measured. The glucose homeostasis influenced by IMI treatment was explored through integrating gut microbiota, metabolomic and transcriptomic analysis. Results showed that IMI-H (6 mg/kg bw/day) exposure notably restricted gestational weight gain and perturbed glucose homeostasis characterized by reduced glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, alongside elevated levels of fasting blood glucose and insulin. Multi-omics analysis revealed that IMI-H exposure induced significant changes in the richness and composition of the gut microbiome. The metabolite profiles of serum samples and cecal contents, and transcriptome of liver and ileum were all affected by IMI-H treatment. The altered gut microbiota, metabolites and genes exhibited significant correlations with glucose homeostasis-related parameters. These differential metabolites and genes were implicated in various metabolic pathways including bile secretion, glucagon signaling pathway, lipid metabolism, fatty acid metabolism. Significant correlations were observed between the altered gut microbiota and caecum metabolome as well as liver transcriptome. For example, the abundance of Oscillibacter was strongly correlated with gut microflora-related metabolites (Icosenoic acid, Lysosulfatide, and fluticasone) and liver differential genes (Grin3b, Lifr, and Spta1). Together, IMI exposure resulted in significant changes in microbial composition, along with alterations in certain metabolites and genes associated with metabolic process, which may promote gestational hyperglycemia.
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in the fetus.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or maternal obesity have been linked to the development of diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver disease later in life with sex-specific manifestations. Alterations in miRNA expression in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity and effects on hepatic development are unknown. Here, we describe how exposure to maternal obesity in utero leads to sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in human fetal liver. METHODS: Candidate miRNA expression was measured in second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women with GDM. Targets of differentially expressed miRNAs were determined and pathway enrichment of target genes was performed. MiRNA and target gene expression were measured in a separate cohort of second trimester primary human fetal hepatocytes (PHFH) exposed to maternal obesity via qPCR and western blot. All studies were IRB approved. RESULTS: GDM-exposed AF had significant increases in miRNAs 199a-3p, 503-5p, and 1268a (fold change (FC) ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female offspring-specific analysis showed enrichment in miRNAs 378a-3p, 885-5p, and 7-1-3p (p < 0.05). MiRNA gene targets were enriched in hepatic pathways. Key genes regulating de novo lipogenesis were upregulated in obesity-exposed PHFH, especially in males. Significantly altered miRNAs in GDM AF were measured in obese-exposed PHFH, with consistent increases in miRNAs 885-5p, 199-3p, 503-5p, 1268a, and 7-1-3p (FC ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female PHFH exposed to maternal obesity had increased expression of miR-885-5p, miR-199-3p, miR-503-5p, miR-1268s, and miR-7-1-3p (p < 0.05), corresponding to decreased target genes expression for ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR. In male PHFHs, no miRNA changes were measured but there was increased expression of ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest sex-specific changes in miRNA and gene expression in PHFH may be one mechanism contributing to the sexual dimorphism of metabolic disease in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity in utero.
Prevalence of NAFLD in Guatemala following exposure to a protein-energy nutrition intervention in early life.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: The global prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is approximately 25%, with Hispanic populations at greatest risk. We describe the prevalence of NAFLD in a cohort of Guatemalan adults and examine whether exposure to a protein-energy supplement from conception to two years is associated with lower prevalence of NAFLD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From 1969 to 1977, four villages in Guatemala were cluster-randomized to receive a protein-energy supplement (Atole) or a no-protein, low-energy beverage (Fresco). We conducted a follow-up of participants from 2015 to 2017. We assessed blood samples (n=1093; 61.1% women; aged 37-53 years) for alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and estimated NAFLD prevalence using the liver fat score. We used generalized linear and logistic models to estimate the difference-in-difference effect of Atole from conception to two years on NAFLD. RESULTS: Median ALT and AST were 19.7U/L (interquartile range, IQR: 14.1, 27.4) and 26.0U/L (IQR: 21.4, 32.8), respectively. The median NAFLD liver fat score was 0.2 (IQR: -1.2, 1.6) in women and -1.2 (IQR: -2.2, 0.5) in men (p<0.0001). The prevalence of NAFLD was 67.4% among women and 39.5% among men (p<0.0001). The association between Atole exposure from conception to two years and NAFLD was not significant (OR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.50-1.63). CONCLUSIONS: NAFLD prevalence among Guatemalan adults exceeds the global average. Protein-energy supplementation in early life was not associated with later NAFLD. There is a need for further studies on the causes and onset of NAFLD throughout the life course.
Evaluating the relationship between hepatitis B viral activity and gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis B infection has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes but the underlying mechanism is not known. OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between viral activity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and insulin resistance in pregnant people with chronic hepatitis B infection (HBV). DESIGN: Prospective cohort study across three tertiary maternity centres in Melbourne, Australia, between May 2021 and April 2023. METHODS: Participants were followed prospectively through pregnancy to evaluate subsequent GDM diagnosis. Demographics, pregnancy outcomes, and markers of viral activity were compared between those with GDM versus those without. Logistic regression analysis was performed pre- and post-adjustment for known confounders. Sub-group analysis of participants from South East Asia (SEA) was performed. Outcome measures included GDM diagnosis, insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment Insulin Resistance score (HOMA-IR) score), HBV activity as measured by liver function tests, HBV viral load, hepatitis B e antigen, and quantitative hepatitis B surface antigen (quantHBsAg). RESULTS: A total of 113 women were recruited. One third (38/112, 33.9%) developed GDM, mostly diagnosed on isolated postprandial hyperglycaemia (25/38, 65.8%). Over half were born in SEA (66/113, 58.4%). Mean quantHBsAg was significantly lower in those with GDM (p = 0.044). No other associations were identified between GDM or HOMA-IR and markers of hepatic activity on multivariate logistic regression analysis and on sub-group analysis of those born in SEA. CONCLUSIONS: QuantHBsAg was significantly lower in those with GDM; otherwise, no association between GDM and measures of HBV viral activity was found. QuantHBsAg may be useful as an early pregnancy marker for GDM risk and warrants further research.
Exploring new treatment options for polycystic ovary syndrome: Review of a novel antidiabetic agent SGLT2 inhibitor.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age associated with long-term metabolic and cardiovascular consequences. A plethora of symptoms and their severity differentiate on an individual level, giving the syndrome numerous phenotypes. Due to menstrual cycle abnormalities, women suffer from irregular menstrual bleeding, difficulty in conception, and infertility. Furthermore, the risk of pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth are higher in women with PCOS than in the general population. Often, women with PCOS have comorbidities such as dyslipidemia, obesity, glucose intolerance or diabetes type 2, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and metabolic syndrome, which all influence the treatment plan. Historic insulin-sensitizing agents, although good for some of the metabolic derangements, do not offer long-term cardiovascular benefits; therefore, new treatment options are of paramount importance. Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, a new class of antidiabetic agents with beneficial cardiovascular, bodyweight, and antihyperglycemic effects, although not approved for the treatment of PCOS, might be an attractive therapeutic addition in the PCOS armamentarium. Namely, recent studies with SGLT-2 inhibitors showed promising improvements in anthropometric parameters and body composition in patients with PCOS. It is important to further explore the SGLT-2 inhibitors potential as an early therapeutic option because of the PCOS-related risk of metabolic, reproductive, and psychological consequences.
Maternal vitamin D administration attenuates metabolic disturbances induced by prenatal exposure to dexamethasone in a sex-dependent manner.; PURPOSE: The overexposure to synthetic glucocorticoids (GC) during pregnancy can predispose to metabolic diseases during adulthood. Vitamin D is not only crucial for fetal development, but also exerts direct effects on the GC sensitivity and down-regulates GC receptors. Given the vitamin D effects on glucocorticoid-related parameters, we aimed to investigate a possible protective role of maternal vitamin D administration on the glucose homeostasis of rats exposed to dexamethasone in utero. METHODS: Pregnant rats received dexamethasone (0.1 mg/kg, Dex) daily between the 14th and 19th days of pregnancy. A subgroup of dexamethasone-treated dams received oral administration of vitamin D (500UI, DexVD) during the whole gestation. The corresponding control groups of dams were included (CTL and VD groups, respectively). Male and female offspring were evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months of age. RESULTS: Prenatal exposure to dexamethasone caused metabolic disruption in an age and sex-dependent manner being the older male offspring more susceptible to insulin resistance, fatty liver and beta-cell mass expansion than females. Furthermore, we demonstrated that prenatal GC led to glucose intolerance in male and female offspring in an age-dependent manner. Maternal vitamin D administration did not influence glucose intolerance but attenuated the insulin resistance, liver lipid accumulation and prevented the beta-cell mass expansion caused by prenatal dexamethasone in the male offspring. CONCLUSION: Maternal vitamin D administration mitigates metabolic disturbances that occur later in life in male rats exposed to GC in utero. Moreover, our data suggest vitamin D as an important nutritional supplement for pregnant overexposed to GC during gestation.
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of and factors associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Indian women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study (2018-2019) enrolled women with and without prior GDM. Study participants underwent detailed assessments, including relevant medical, obstetric and demographic details; 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with glucose and insulin estimation at 0, 30 and 120 min; and other relevant biochemical and anthropometric measurements. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography. RESULTS: We evaluated a total of 309 women (201 and 108 with and without prior GDM, respectively) at a mean age of 31.9 ± 5.0 years and median of 16 months (interquartile range 9-38 months) following the index delivery. The prevalence of NAFLD was significantly higher in women with prior GDM (62.7% vs 50.0%, P = 0.038; grade 2 and 3 disease, 13.9% vs 6.5%). On logistic regression analysis (fully adjusted model), the odds of NAFLD were 2.11-fold higher in women with prior GDM (95% confidence interval 1.16-3.85, P = 0.014). Overweight/obesity, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes and homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance (a measure of insulin resistance) were positively associated with NAFLD, whereas the Matsuda index (a measure of insulin sensitivity) showed a negative association with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of NAFLD is high in women with prior GDM. Such women also have a high burden of cardiometabolic risk factors. Future studies should evaluate the intermediate and long-term hepatic and cardiovascular risk, and the impact of lifestyle interventions in reducing morbidity in such women.
Effects of dietary n-3 PUFA levels in early life on susceptibility to high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome in adult mice.; The maternal nutritional status during pregnancy and lactation was closely related to the growth and development of the fetus and infants, which had a profound impact on the health of the offspring. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) had been proved to have beneficial effects on glucolipid metabolism. However, the effects of dietary different n-3 PUFA levels for mother during pregnancy and lactation on susceptibility to high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome for offspring in adulthood are still unclear. The maternal mice were fed with control, n-3 PUFA-deficient or fish oil-contained n-3 PUFA-rich diets during pregnancy and lactation, and the weaned offspring were fed with high-fat or low-fat diet for 13 weeks, then were subjected to oral glucose tolerance tests. The results showed that dietary n-3 PUFA-deficiency in early life could aggravate the high-fat-diet-induced glucolipid metabolism disorders, including glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, obesity, and dyslipidemia, thus increased the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome of adult mice. Notably, nutritional supplementation with n-3 PUFA in early life could significantly alleviate the glucose metabolism disorders by increasing insulin sensitivity, inhibiting gluconeogenesis and promoting glycogenesis. In addition, administration with n-3 PUFA in early life remarkably reduced serum and hepatic lipid profiles by mediating the expression of genes related to lipogenesis and β-oxidation of fatty acids. Dietary n-3 PUFA-deficiency in early life increases the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome of adult offspring, and nutritional supplementation with n-3 PUFA enhances the tolerance to a high-fat diet of adult offspring.
Maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring.; KEY POINTS: Maternal resveratrol (RESV) administration in gestational diabetes (GDM) restored normoglycaemia and insulin secretion. GDM-induced obesity was prevented in male GDM+RESV offspring but not in females. GDM+RESV offspring exhibited improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. GDM+RESV restored hepatic glucose homeostasis in offspring. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was enhanced in GDM+RESV offspring. ABSTRACT: Gestational diabetes (GDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, is associated with adverse metabolic health outcomes in offspring. Using a rat model of diet-induced GDM, we investigated whether maternal resveratrol (RESV) supplementation (147 mg kg(-1) day(-1) ) in the third week of pregnancy could improve maternal glycaemia and protect the offspring from developing metabolic dysfunction. Female Sprague-Dawley rats consumed a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet to induce GDM. Lean controls consumed a low-fat (LF) diet. In the third trimester, when maternal hyperglycaemia was observed, the HFS diet was supplemented with RESV. At weaning, offspring were randomly assigned a LF or HFS diet until 15 weeks of age. In pregnant dams, RESV restored glucose tolerance, normoglycaemia and improved insulin secretion. At 15 weeks of age, GDM+RESV-HFS male offspring were less obese than the GDM-HFS offspring. By contrast, the female GDM+RESV-HFS offspring were similarly as obese as the GDM-HFS group. Hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and dysregulated gluconeogenesis were observed in the male GDM offspring and were attenuated in the offspring of GDM+RESV dams. The dysregulation of several metabolic genes (e.g. ppara, lpl, pepck and g6p) in the livers of GDM offspring was attenuated in the GDM+RESV offspring group. Glucose stimulated insulin secretion was also improved in the islets from offspring of GDM+RESV dams. Thus, maternal RESV supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy and lactation induced several beneficial metabolic health outcomes for both mothers and offspring. Therefore, RESV could be an alternative to current GDM treatments.
Bone mass, microarchitecture and turnover among young Indian women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; PURPOSE: To evaluate comprehensive bone health among young Indian women, including bone mass, microarchitecture, and turnover, in relation to their non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) status. METHODS: This cross-sectional study (May 2018-November 2019) recruited women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and normoglycemia in their index pregnancy, who were at least 6 months postpartum. All participants underwent abdominal ultrasonography for determination of NAFLD status (grades 2 and 3: severe NAFLD) and transient elastography (FibroScan) for hepatic fibrosis (LSM >6 kPa). Bone mass was assessed by DXA, bone microarchitecture with trabecular bone score {TBS} (low TBS ≤ 1.310) and bone turnover with markers of bone formation (osteocalcin and P1NP), and resorption (CTX). RESULTS: Bone mineral density (BMD) at femoral neck (p = 0.026) and total hip (p = 0.007) was significantly higher among women with NAFLD (n = 170) compared to those without (n = 124). There was no significant difference in bone turnover markers between the two groups. The presence of NAFLD [adjusted OR: 1.82 (1.07, 3.11)] was associated with low TBS, with a greater strength of association among women with severe NAFLD [adjusted OR: 2.97 (1.12, 7.88)]. However, these associations were attenuated and no longer significant after additionally adjusting for BMI. Women with NAFLD and hepatic fibrosis manifested significantly higher BMD at lumbar spine, femoral neck, and total hip (p < 0.001 for all) and significantly lower bone turnover markers (osteocalcin, p = 0.009 and CTX, p = 0.029), however, the association with low TBS was not observed. CONCLUSION: Among young Indian women, NAFLD is associated with increased bone mass and impaired bone microarchitecture, and hepatic fibrosis with increased bone mass and reduced bone turnover.
Maternal Supplementation with β-Carotene During Pregnancy Disturbs Lipid Metabolism and Glucose Homoeostasis in F1 Female Mice.; SCOPE: β-Carotene (BC), a substitute for vitamin A, is widely used for its benefits. The present study investigates whether in-utero BC administration can alter lipid and glucose homoeostasis in offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant mice are supplemented with BC (1 mg kg(-1) weight) by oral gavage once every 3 days, for a total of six doses. Increased visceral fat may be caused by up-regulated PPARγ (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma) and RXRα/β (retinoid X receptors) in liver and adipose tissue, and glucose intolerance is observed in F1 adult females prenatally supplemented with BC, while F1 males do not exhibit these symptoms. In females, increased serum leptin, resistin, and IL-6 and reduced adiponectin, caused by visceral obesity, may result in downregulated insulin receptor signaling in muscle and further account for glucose intolerance. Increased pancreatic β-cell mass might compensate for the downregulated insulin gene (ins2). Increased glucagon and α-cell mass, accompanied by upregulated glucagon gene (gcg), might also be risk factors for the development of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal supplementation with BC disturbs lipid metabolism and induces glucose intolerance in F1 female mice, suggesting that BC supplementation during pregnancy should be used with caution.
Gremlin-1 in pregnancy and postpartum: relation to the fatty liver index, markers of bone health, glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus status.; INTRODUCTION: Gremlin-1 is a peptide that functions as an antagonist to bone morphogenic proteins and is overexpressed in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Gremlin-1 has not yet been investigated in pregnancy, pregnancy-related insulin resistance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Gremlin-1 levels were measured throughout the pregnancy of 58 women at high risk for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna. Furthermore, an oral glucose tolerance test, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, sex hormones, blood lipids, liver and renal parameters, and markers of bone development were evaluated at two points during pregnancy (< 20 weeks of gestation (GW), GW 24-28) and 12-14 weeks postpartum. RESULTS: Gremlin-1 levels decreased from < 20 GW (mean = 9.2 pg/ml, SD = 8.4 pg/ml) to GW 24-28 (mean = 6.7 pg/ml, SD = 5.7 pg/ml, p = 0.033) and increased again postpartum, albeit not significantly (mean = 10.7 pg/ml, SD = 13.1 pg/ml, p = 0.339). During pregnancy, Gremlin-1 levels correlated negatively with osteocalcin and procollagen type I aminoterminal propeptide (P1NP), markers of bone health. Concerning glucose metabolism, Gremlin-1 levels were inversely related to the Insulinogenic Index at GW < 20. However, Gremlin-1 levels were not significantly different between women with normal glucose tolerance and GDM during pregnancy. Postpartum, Gremlin-1 was associated with the fatty liver index, osteocalcin levels, diastolic blood pressure and weight. CONCLUSION: Gremlin-1 levels decreased significantly during pregnancy. The biomarker is not related to GDM status, but correlates negatively with the Insulinogenic Index, an index related to beta cell function. Trial Registry Number ACTRN12616000924459.
Exercise performed during pregnancy positively modulates liver metabolism and promotes mitochondrial biogenesis of female offspring in a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high-risk for metabolic complications in offspring. However, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic disorders and is recommended in GDM treatment. This study aimed to investigate whether gestational exercise (GE) could modulate maternal high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet-related hepatic metabolic and mitochondrial outcomes in female offspring of mothers with HFHS-induced GDM. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with control or HFHS diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Their female offspring were fed with control diet and kept sedentary. Hepatic lipid accumulation, lipid metabolism regulators, mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers, and microRNAs associated to the regulation of these markers were evaluated. Female offspring of GDM mothers showed increased body weight at early age, whereas GE prevented this effect of maternal HFHS-feeding and reduced hepatic lipid accumulation. GE stimulated hepatic mRNA transcription and protein expression of mitochondrial biogenesis markers (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma co-activator-1alpha and mitochondrial transcription factor A) and mRNA transcription of mitochondrial dynamics markers (mitofusin-1, mitofusin-2, and dynamin-related protein-1) that were altered by maternal GDM, while mitochondrial dynamics markers protein expression was not affected by maternal diet/GE except for optic atrophy-1. MicroRNAs associated with these processes (miR-122, miR-34a, miR-130b, miR-494), and the expression of auto/mitophagy- and apoptosis-related proteins were not substantially influenced by altered intrauterine environment. Our findings suggest that GE is an important regulator of the intrauterine environment positively affecting liver metabolism and promoting liver mitochondrial biogenesis in female offspring despite eventual effects of maternal HFHS-feeding and related GDM.
Maternal Pyrroloquinoline Quinone Supplementation Improves Offspring Liver Bioactive Lipid Profiles throughout the Lifespan and Protects against the Development of Adult NAFLD.; Maternal obesity and consumption of a high-fat diet significantly elevate risk for pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), affecting 10% of children in the US. Almost half of these children are diagnosed with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), a leading etiology for liver transplant. Animal models show that signs of liver injury and perturbed lipid metabolism associated with NAFLD begin in utero; however, safe dietary therapeutics to blunt developmental programming of NAFLD are unavailable. Using a mouse model of maternal Western-style diet (WD), we previously showed that pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ), a potent dietary antioxidant, protected offspring of WD-fed dams from development of NAFLD and NASH. Here, we used untargeted mass spectrometry-based lipidomics to delineate lipotoxic effects of WD on offspring liver and identify lipid targets of PQQ. PQQ exposure during pregnancy altered hepatic lipid profiles of WD-exposed offspring, upregulating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) α signaling and mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation to markedly attenuate triglyceride accumulation beginning in utero. Surprisingly, the abundance of very long-chain ceramides, important in promoting gut barrier and hepatic function, was significantly elevated in PQQ-treated offspring. PQQ exposure reduced the hepatic phosphatidylcholine/phosphatidylethanolamine (PC/PE) ratio in WD-fed offspring and improved glucose tolerance. Notably, levels of protective n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were elevated in offspring exposed to PQQ, beginning in utero, and the increase in n - 3 PUFAs persisted into adulthood. Our findings suggest that PQQ supplementation during gestation and lactation augments pathways involved in the biosynthesis of long-chain fatty acids and plays a unique role in modifying specific bioactive lipid species critical for protection against NAFLD risk in later life.
Stress-Induced Premature Senescence Related to Oxidative Stress in the Developmental Programming of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Growth Restriction.; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) refers to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as visceral obesity, dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia/insulin resistance, arterial hypertension and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Individuals born after intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) are particularly at risk of developing metabolic/hepatic disorders later in life. Oxidative stress and cellular senescence have been associated with MetS and are observed in infants born following IUGR. However, whether these mechanisms could be particularly associated with the development of NAFLD in these individuals is still unknown. IUGR was induced in rats by a maternal low-protein diet during gestation versus. a control (CTRL) diet. In six-month-old offspring, we observed an increased visceral fat mass, glucose intolerance, and hepatic alterations (increased transaminase levels, triglyceride and neutral lipid deposit) in male rats with induced IUGR compared with the CTRL males; no differences were found in females. In IUGR male livers, we identified some markers of stress-induced premature senescence (SIPS) (lipofuscin deposit, increased protein expression of p21(WAF), p16(INK4a) and Acp53, but decreased pRb/Rb ratio, foxo-1 and sirtuin-1 protein and mRNA expression) associated with oxidative stress (higher superoxide anion levels, DNA damages, decreased Cu/Zn SOD, increased catalase protein expression, increased nfe2 and decreased keap1 mRNA expression). Impaired lipogenesis pathways (decreased pAMPK/AMPK ratio, increased pAKT/AKT ratio, SREBP1 and PPARγ protein expression) were also observed in IUGR male livers. At birth, no differences were observed in liver histology, markers of SIPS and oxidative stress between CTRL and IUGR males. These data demonstrate that the livers of IUGR males at adulthood display SIPS and impaired liver structure and function related to oxidative stress and allow the identification of specific therapeutic strategies to limit or prevent adverse consequences of IUGR, particularly metabolic and hepatic disorders.
Comparison of Novel Fibrosis Index (NFI) with Aspartate aminotransferase to platelet ratio index (APRI) in Type II Diabetes mellitus patients with Non alcoholic fatty liver disease and fibrosis (NAFLD).; With India being the "Diabetes capital of the world", nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is becoming the most common cause of liver dysfunction. Varied prevalence of this disease in Type II Diabetics indicate variability in NAFLD risk factors along with the particular diagnostic methods used. Investigations like liver biopsy and ultrasound abdomen have their limitations. Liver biopsy is invasive on the other hand ultrasound has less sensitivity. Several others are in the list, but are cost ineffective. Among the several non-invasive biomarkers, recently developed Novel Fibrosis Index (NFI) is a new addition. Newly developed NFI was developed by observing the various relationships and variations of serum bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase, platelet count and serum albumin in liver fibrosis. MATERIAL: This hospital based observational cross section study was conducted from June 2020 to May 2021in 76 study population of Assam Medical College and Hospital. Type II Diabetes mellitus patients having more than 18 years were included after consent. Alcoholics, pregnant women and patients with secondary cause of hepatic steatosis [Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Wilson disease, Autoimmune hepatitis, Hypothyroidism, starvation, Parenteral nutrition, On medications like (valproate, corticosteroids, antivirals)] were excluded. Novel fibrosis Index (NFI) were calculated by [Bilirubin×(ALP)²/Platelet count(Albumin)²] in study population. Fibroscan 402 is used for fibrosis stage assessment. Ziol transient elastography breaking point were used for staging of fibrosis in study population according to Metavir system of fibrosis. Area under the curves of NFI and APRI for different fibrosis stages were obtained by ROC curves using SPSS software edition 21.0. OBSERVATION: NFI and APRI where able to predict fibrosis stage with correlation coefficient indices 0.5174 and 0.5369 respectively. Area under the ROC curve for NFI and APRI were 0.807 and 0.793 respectively for discriminating F0-F1 and above. Area under the ROC curve for discriminating F0-F2 and above for NFI and APRI were 0.814 and 0.810. Area under the ROC curve for discriminating F0-F3 and above for NFI and APRI were 0.935 and 0.913. CONCLUSION: Aggregate measures of performance across all possible classification threshold for NFI is better then APRI.
Perinatal exposure to environmental endocrine disruptor bisphenol A aggravates the onset of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in weanling F1 offspring of obese rats.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a major environmental pollutant and food contaminant with endocrine-disrupting effects on human and animal health. Perinatal and developmental exposure to BPA has been known to cause hepatotoxicity in adulthood. However, its intergenerational effects in a metabolically challenged population have been scarcely investigated. Our study was designed to assess the intergenerational effect of an environmentally relevant dose of BPA and diet-induced parental obesity on the hepatic health outcome of F1 offspring. Wistar rats were given a high-fat diet to induce obesity, followed by chronic low dosages of BPA (10 ppm × 180 days) in drinking water. Post-treatment, rats were crossed within groups to obtain the F1 generation. Weanling pups were observed for weight gain, levels of hepatic antioxidants, liver function enzymes, cholesterol, C-reactive protein, and triglyceride in the serum. Histological changes in the liver tissue were also investigated. mRNA expression of energy homeostasis genes (FTO and MCR-4) in the liver was analyzed alongside blood biomarkers. We observed higher birth weight and rapid weight gain in the test group in comparison with controls, which was consistent with the changes in mRNA and protein expression of FTO and MCR-4. BPA caused a significant, treatment-related change in the inflammatory marker C-reactive protein, lipid peroxidation, antioxidants, and lipid profile. These findings were accompanied by histological changes in the liver tissue characteristic of hepatic steatosis indicating the onset of the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Our study offers a link between exposure to BPA in parents and onset of NAFLD in their offspring.
Evaluation of serum Angiopoietin-like protein 2 (ANGPTL-2), Angiopoietin-like protein 8 (ANGPTL-8), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and normoglycemic pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of the fasting serum levels of Anjiopoetın 2 - like protein (ANGPTL2), Anjiopoetın 8-like protein (ANGPTL8), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in the etiopathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and analyze the relationships between insulin resistance parameters. MATERIAL AND METHOD: The 90 individuals admitted to İzmir Katip Celebi University Hospital Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Obstetrics, and gynecology outpatient clinic were included in the study of similar ages and similar demographic characteristics. Forty-five women with diet-controlled GDM and 45 women with normoglycemic pregnancy were enrolled. ANGPTL-2, ANGPTL-8, hs-CRP, creatinine, ALT, GGT, lipid profile, HBA1c(%), and serum insülin, c-peptide levels were studied in the fasting serum samples of research groups. All individuals had 75-g OGTT testing. GDM screening was performed at 24-28 weeks' gestation. Exclusion criteria were as follows: Age <18 years or >40 years, pregestational diabetes (type 1 or 2), drug or alcohol abuse, thyroid dysfunction, Hepatitis B, and other infectious diseases (Herpes virus, Streptococcus B carriers, Chlamydia and Candida), Thalassemia carriers or other significant medical conditions, the use of any medication that interferes with lipid or glucose metabolism that would affect glucose regulation. RESULT: Forty-five women with GDM and for the control group, 45 women with normoglycemic pregnant women were identified. The mean gestational age was 30.7 (18-38) for GDM and 29.6 (24-39) for the control group. Serum ANGPTL-8 (GDM =19.5 ± 93 Control = 0.73 ± 3.78 p = <.001). There was a statistically significant difference between the case and control groups for serum ANGPTL-8 levels. Serum ANGPTL-2 (GDM =19.9 ± 23.1 Control = 26.0 ± 23.4 p = .105) and serum hs-CRP(GDM =106 ± 65.1 Control =98.2 ± 87.3 p = .768). There was no statistically significant difference between the case and control groups for serum ANGPTL-2 and hsCRP levels. Serum ANGPTL8 levels were positively correlated with FPG (r = 0.391, p = <.001), FPI (r = 0.212, p = .045), 1-h PPG (r = 0.514, p = <.001), 2-h PPG (r = 0.502, p = <.001), HOMA-IR) score (r = 0.310, p = .003), TG (r = 0.245, p = .020); they were not except for BMI, hs-CRP levels and ANGPTL2 levels. CONCLUSIONS: ANGPTL8 levels were significantly higher in GDM than in healthy control group. ANGPTL2 levels and hs-CRP levels were similar to the healthy control group. Elevated serum ANGPTL8 levels were correlated significantly with insulin resistance parameters, the main component of GDM pathophysiology. Our data showed that ANGPTL8 could be a new biomarker for diagnosing GDM.
Pathogenesis of insulin resistance in pregnant women with obesity.; OBJECTIVE: Introduction: Obesity is one of the most important medical and social problems in many countries of the world, as it is associated with the development of the most common non-communicable diseases: cardiovascular, type II diabetes mellitus, motor disorders, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NHAHP) and others. The aim of this paper is to analyze the pathogenetic mechanisms of insulin resistance development in pregnant women with varying obesity degrees in early and late gestation periods. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Materials and methods: 459 pregnant women were examined at the Poltava City Clinical Maternity Hospital in the early (9-13 weeks) and late gestation periods (34-38 weeks). Metabolic disorders in pregnant women were studied by carbohydrate and lipid metabolism indices. RESULTS: Results: Due to increased insulin resistance and reduced glucose absorption by tissues of pregnant women with obesity, there are prerequisites for the development of energy insufficiency. Obese women pregnancy runs on the background of hypertriglyceridemia and type IV hyperlipoproteinemia. The general pathogenic consequence of the insulin resistance progression during pregnancy in obese women is an energy deficiency increase, which causes a threatening obstetric and perinatal complications frequency increase. CONCLUSION: Conclusions: The progression of insulin resistance during pregnancy of women with varying degrees of obesity is the pathogenetic basis of energy insufficiency and the reduction of adaptive mechanisms of pregnant women with obesity, as evidenced by the increase in obstetric and perinatal complications frequency.
DLK1/PREF1 regulates nutrient metabolism and protects from steatosis.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with insulin resistance and obesity, as well as progressive liver dysfunction. Recent animal studies have underscored the importance of hepatic growth hormone (GH) signaling in the development of NAFLD. The imprinted Delta-like homolog 1 (Dlk1)/preadipocyte factor 1 (Pref1) gene encodes a complex protein producing both circulating and membrane-tethered isoforms whose expression dosage is functionally important because even modest elevation during embryogenesis causes lethality. DLK1 is up-regulated during embryogenesis, during suckling, and in the mother during pregnancy. We investigated the normal role for elevated DLK1 dosage by overexpressing Dlk1 from endogenous control elements. This increased DLK1 dosage caused improved glucose tolerance with no primary defect in adipose tissue expansion even under extreme metabolic stress. Rather, Dlk1 overexpression caused reduced fat stores, pituitary insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) resistance, and a defect in feedback regulation of GH. Increased circulatory GH culminated in a switch in whole body fuel metabolism and a reduction in hepatic steatosis. We propose that the function of DLK1 is to shift the metabolic mode of the organism toward peripheral lipid oxidation and away from lipid storage, thus mediating important physiological adaptations associated with early life and with implications for metabolic disease resistance.
Linking Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Severity With Metabolic Syndrome Features: An Integrative Study on Clinical and Radiological Fronts.; Introduction Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become a widespread cause of chronic liver disease, ranging from simple steatosis to severe conditions like non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and cirrhosis. Despite its similarity to alcohol-induced liver damage, NAFLD affects individuals with no significant alcohol consumption. This study explores the association between NAFLD, bone mineral density (BMD), insulin resistance, and subclinical inflammation, focusing on the Asian Indian population. The primary objective was to investigate the relationship between NAFLD and BMD, insulin levels, and markers of subclinical inflammation, hypothesizing that patients with NAFLD exhibit lower BMD, possibly linked to insulin resistance and inflammation. Methodology A cross-sectional study with 100 subjects aged 18-50 years (50 cases with NAFLD and 50 controls) was conducted. Exclusion criteria included excessive alcohol consumption, drug-induced fatty liver, severe organ dysfunction, infections, pregnancy, and acute or chronic illness. Data were collected through clinical examinations, anthropometric measurements, biochemical investigations, ultrasound diagnosis of NAFLD, and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scans for BMD assessment. Statistical analysis employed the chi-squared tests, t-tests, and Wilcoxon rank-sum tests. Results NAFLD patients had higher body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio, and markers of insulin resistance and inflammation compared to non-NAFLD controls. DEXA scans revealed significantly lower BMD in NAFLD cases, along with a higher prevalence of osteopenia. Positive correlations were observed between BMD and insulin resistance. The study contributes to understanding the link between NAFLD and lower BMD in the Asian Indian population, emphasizing the impact of insulin resistance and inflammation on bone health. The literature review supports the relevance of exploring NAFLD as an independent risk factor for low BMD. Conclusion This case-control study underscores the significant association between NAFLD and lower BMD in the Asian Indian population. Despite limitations, the findings highlight the importance of further research with larger samples and comprehensive assessments to elucidate the interplay between NAFLD, metabolic factors, and bone health.
High-fat intake during pregnancy and lactation exacerbates high-fat diet-induced complications in male offspring in mice.; Altered fetal environments, such as a high-fat milieu, induce metabolic abnormalities in offspring. Different postnatal environments reveal the predisposition for adult diseases that occur during the fetal period. This study investigates the ability of a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) to program metabolic responses to HFD reexposure in offspring after consuming normal chow for 23 weeks after weaning. Wild-type CD1 females were fed a HFD (H) or control (C) chow during pregnancy and lactation. At 26 weeks of age, offspring were either reexposed (H-C-H) or newly exposed (C-C-H) to the HFD for 19 weeks. Body weight was measured weekly, and glucose and insulin tolerance were measured after 10 and 18 weeks on the HFD. The metabolic profile of offspring on a HFD or C diet during pregnancy and lactation and weaned onto a low-fat diet was similar at 26 weeks. H-C-H offspring gained more weight and developed larger adipocytes after being reintroduced to the HFD later in life than C-C-H. H-C-H mice were glucose and insulin intolerant and showed reduced gene expression of cox6a2 and atp5i in muscle, indicating mitochondrial dysfunction. In adipocytes, the expression of slc2a4, srebf1, and adipoq genes was decreased in H-C-H mice compared with C-C-C, indicating insulin resistance. H-C-H showed extensive hepatosteatosis, accompanied by increased gene expression for cd36 and serpin1, compared with C-C-H. Perinatal exposure to a HFD programs a more deleterious response to a HFD challenge later in life even after an interval of normal diet in mice.
[Clinical implications of polycystic ovary syndrome].; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous and complex endocrine disease which among the female population belongs to the most widespread endocrinopathies and it is the most frequent cause of hyperthyroidism, anticoagulation and infertility. Insulin resistance is one of the important diabetology factors impacting hyperglycaemia in a majority of women with PCOS (60-80 %). Clinical expressions of PCOS include reproduction disorders, metabolic characteristics and psychological implications. Reproduction disorders include hyperthyroidism, menstruation cycle disorders, infertility and pregnancy complications as well as early abortions, gestational diabetes and pregnancy induced hypertension. Long-term metabolic risks of PCOS include type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension and endothelial dysfunction. The available data confirms higher incidence of cardiovascular diseases in women with PCOS. In particular among obese women PCOS is more frequently associated with non-alcoholic hepatic steatosis, sleep apnoea syndrome and endometrial cancer. The literature includes some controversial data about the relationship between PCOS and autoimmunity. Women with PCOS are more prone to suffer from insufficient confidence with higher incidence of anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder and eating disorders. KEY WORDS: autoimmunity - diabetes mellitus - pregnancy - insulin resistance - metabolic syndrome - menstrual disorders - polycystic ovary syndrome.
Nutrition in early life, immune-programming and allergies: the role of epigenetics.; Early life nutritional exposures are significant determinants of the development and future health of all organ systems. The dramatic rise in infant immune diseases, most notably allergy, indicates the specific vulnerability of the immune system to early environmental changes. The associated parallel rise in metabolic diseases including obesity, childhood type 2-diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease highlights the interplay between modern dietary patterns and increasing abnormalities of both immune and metabolic health. The low-grade inflammation that characterize these non-communicable diseases (NCDs) suggests a central role of the immune system in the pathogenesis of these conditions. Understanding how environmental influences disrupt the finely balanced development of immune and metabolic programing is of critical importance. Diet-sensitive pathways are likely to be crucial in these processes. While epigenetic mechanism provides a strong explanation of how nutritional exposures can affect the fetal gene expression and subsequent disease risk, other diet-induced tissue compositional changes may also contribute directly to altered immune and metabolic function. Although modern dietary changes are complex and involve changing patterns of many nutrients, there is also interest in the developmental effects of specific nutrients such as folic acid levels, which have clear epigenetic effects on programming. Here we examine the current knowledge of the nutritional-programming of immune health and how research into nutritional-epigenetics in the context of allergic disease as one of the earliest onset NCDs can expand our knowledge to discover the biological processes sensitive to nutritional exposures in early life to prevent later disease risk.
Association between famine exposure in early life with insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction in adulthood.; OBJECTIVES: Famine exposure in early life was associated with type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome, etc. But evidence in early famine exposure and insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction were limited. We aimed to investigate whether the association existed between famine exposure in early life and beta cell dysfunction and insulin resistance in adulthood. METHODS: In all, 7912 non-diabetic participants were included in this study, based on SPECT-China study. Participants with fetal or childhood famine exposure (birth year 1949-1962) were exposure group. Insulin resistance was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Beta cell function, represented by insulin secretion, was estimated by the disposition index. The associations of famine exposure with HOMA-IR and disposition index were assessed via linear regression. RESULTS: In men, we did not observe a significant association between early life famine exposure and ln(HOMA-IR) in all three models (P > 0.05 for all). However, in women, early life famine exposure were found to have significant association with ln(HOMA-IR) after adjustments for urbanization, severity of famine exposure, current smoker, waist circumference, hypertension, and dyslipidemia (unstandardized coefficients 0.055, 95% confidence interval 0.021, 0.088, P = 0.001). Early life famine exposure was observed to be negatively associated with ln(disposition index) after adjustments for the above potential confounders, both in men (model 3: unstandardized coefficients -0.042, 95% confidence interval -0.072,-0.012, P = 0.006) and women (model 3: unstandardized coefficients -0.033, 95% confidence interval -0.058,-0.009, P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, exposure to famine in fetal- and childhood- life period is associated with beta cell dysfunction in males and females without diabetes, but early life famine exposure was only associated with insulin resistance in non-diabetic females. These results indicate that malnutrition in early life period may offer a modifiable factor for type 2 diabetes development.
The epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of Qatar.; OBJECTIVES: To describe the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological aspects of youth with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Patients under 18 year of age with type 2 diabetes were recruited from 2018 to 2020, clinical data collected, autoantibodies (GAD65, IAA, IA2 and ZnT8), insulin, ALT and c-peptide were measured. Hepatic ultrasound was performed for assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). RESULTS: 104 patients were identified. The incidence in 2020 and prevalence per 100,000 was 2.51 and 23.7, respectively. The age of onset was between 8.5 and 18 years with 74% of the patients being of Qatari nationality. Males were more affected than females (1.5/1). Overweight/obesity was present in 98% of all the patients, a positive family history (either both parents or a single parent) in 71% and maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 60% of patients. More than 90% of the patients had acanthosis nigricans. 5 patients had 1 autoantibody positivity and hepatic ultrasound detected evidence of NAFLD in majority of patients. CONCLUSION: Obesity, maternal GDM and family history of diabetes were the key risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. Autoantibody positivity may be present in youth type 2 diabetes. As youth type 2 diabetes is associated with early onset microvascular and macrovascular complications, these findings have important social and health budget implications for Qatar. Tackling the burden of maternal GDM and childhood obesity and building programmes for early detection and intervention, are therefore, essential to reduce the risk of future complications.
Gestational diabetes: emerging concepts in pathophysiology.; Gestational diabetes affects 3 to 5% of pregnancies in the United Kingdom, contributing to significant maternal and fetal morbidity. Understanding the pathophysiology is important as it guides diagnostic screening and treatment. The insulin resistance of normal pregnancy facilitates provision of metabolic substrates to the fetus and is multifactorial in origin. Recent identification of hepatic and skeletal muscle lipid deposition in Type 2 diabetics, demonstrated by novel magnetic resonance spectroscopy techniques, is likely to be the underlying cause of pathological insulin resistance. Similar mechanisms almost certainly underlie gestational diabetes, although further studies are required to prove this. Women who develop gestational diabetes have demonstrable insulin resistance prior to pregnancy that is part of a chronic process of lipid accumulation ultimately leading to type 2 diabetes later in life. The importance of lifestyle advice and dietary modification and the rationale behind the use of metformin are thus explained.
PAPPA-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans.; Pregnancy is a physiological state of continuous adaptation to changing maternal and fetal nutritional needs, including a reduction of maternal insulin sensitivity allowing for appropriately enhanced glucose availability to the fetus. However, excessive insulin resistance in conjunction with insufficient insulin secretion results in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), greatly increasing the risk for pregnancy complications and predisposing both mothers and offspring to future metabolic disease. Here, we report a signaling pathway connecting pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) with adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy. Adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and we show that, in both mice and humans, pregnancy caused remodeling of adipose tissue evidenced by altered adipocyte size, vascularization, and in vitro expansion capacity. PAPPA is known to be a metalloprotease secreted by human placenta that modulates insulin-like growth factor (IGF) bioavailability through prolteolysis of IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) 2, 4, and 5. We demonstrate that recombinant PAPPA can stimulate ex vivo human adipose tissue expansion in an IGFBP-5- and IGF-1-dependent manner. Moreover, mice lacking PAPPA displayed impaired adipose tissue remodeling, pregnancy-induced insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis, recapitulating multiple aspects of human GDM. In a cohort of 6361 pregnant women, concentrations of circulating PAPPA are inversely correlated with glycemia and odds of developing GDM. These data identify PAPPA and the IGF signaling pathway as necessary for the regulation of maternal adipose tissue physiology and systemic glucose homeostasis, with consequences for long-term metabolic risk and potential for therapeutic use.
Exendin-4 is effective against metabolic disorders induced by intrauterine and postnatal overnutrition in rodents.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Maternal obesity leads to increased adiposity, hyperlipidaemia and glucose intolerance in offspring. The analogue of glucagon-like peptide-1, exendin-4 (Ex-4), has been shown to induce weight loss in both adolescence and adulthood. We hypothesised that, in rats, daily injection of Ex-4 would reduce body fat and improve metabolic disorders in offspring from obese dams, especially those consuming a high-fat diet (HFD). METHODS: Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed chow or an HFD for 5 weeks before mating, and throughout gestation and lactation. At postnatal day 20, male pups from HFD-fed mothers were weaned onto chow or HFD and those from chow-fed mothers were fed chow. Within each dietary group, half of the pups were injected with Ex-4 (15 μg/kg/day i.p.) for 6 weeks, while the other half received saline. RESULTS: Maternal obesity alone or combined with postweaning HFD consumption led to increased adiposity, hyperinsulinaemia, hyperlipidaemia, inflammation and impaired regulation of hypothalamic appetite regulators by glucose in offspring, while glucose intolerance was only observed in HFD-fed rats from obese dams. Ex-4 injection significantly reduced adiposity, hyperlipidaemia and insulin resistance in HFD-fed rats from obese dams. It also restored glucose tolerance and the lipid-lowering effect of blood glucose. However, Ex-4 did not change hypothalamic appetite regulation or the response of appetite regulators to hyperglycaemia. Liver and adipose inflammatory cytokine expression was significantly reduced by Ex-4. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Ex-4 reversed the detrimental impact of maternal obesity on lipid and glucose metabolism in offspring regardless of diet, supporting its potential application in reducing metabolic disorders in high-risk populations.
Maternal DHA Supplementation during Pregnancy and Lactation in the Rat Protects the Offspring against High-Calorie Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis.; Maternal supplementation during pregnancy with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is internationally recommended to avoid postpartum maternal depression in the mother and improve cognitive and neurological outcomes in the offspring. This study was aimed at determining whether this nutritional intervention, in the rat, protects the offspring against the development of obesity and its associated metabolic disorders. Pregnant Wistar rats received an extract of fish oil enriched in DHA or saline (SAL) as placebo by mouth from the beginning of gestation to the end of lactation. At weaning, pups were fed standard chow or a free-choice, high-fat, high-sugar (fc-HFHS) diet. Compared to animals fed standard chow, rats exposed to the fc-HFHS diet exhibited increased body weight, liver weight, body fat and leptin in serum independently of saline or DHA maternal supplementation. Nevertheless, maternal DHA supplementation prevented both the glucose intolerance and the rise in serum insulin resulting from consumption of the fc-HFHS diet. In addition, animals from the DHA-fc-HFHS diet group showed decreased hepatic triglyceride accumulation compared to SAL-fc-HFHS rats. The beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis declined with age in male rats. Yet, the preventive action against hepatic steatosis was still present in 6-month-old animals of both sexes and was associated with decreased hepatic expression of lipogenic genes. The results of the present work show that maternal DHA supplementation during pregnancy programs a healthy phenotype into the offspring that was protective against the deleterious effects of an obesogenic diet.
Zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation improves insulin resistance by preventing hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress in diet-induced gestational diabetes rats.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications and results in adverse outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring. Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress is associated with insulin resistance and implicates in the development of GDM. Zinc, selenium and chromium have been shown to maintain glucose homeostasis via multiple mechanisms, but how these trace elements affect the insulin resistance and ER stress in GDM are largely unknown. To address this, a GDM rat model was induced by feeding female Sprague-Dawley rats a high-fat (45%) and sucrose diet, while zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 ug/kg.bw), chromium (20 ug/kg.bw) were daily supplemented alone or in combination from 6 weeks before mating to the end of lactation period. Maternal metabolic parameters, hepatic ER stress and insulin signaling were analyzed. The results showed that zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation dramatically alleviated high-fat and sucrose-induced glucose intolerance and oxidative stress during entire experiment period. Hepatic ER stress as well as the unfolded protein response was activated in GDM dams, characterized by the up-regulation of glucose-regulated protein 78, phosphorylated the protein kinase RNA-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase, and the inositol-requiring enzyme 1α. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation significantly prevented this activation, by which contributes to the promotion of the phosphorylated protein kinase B related insulin signaling and maintenance of glucose homeostasis. In conclusion, zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may be a promising way to prevent the development of GDM by alleviating hepatic ER stress.
Relationship between serum circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 and liver fat in the United States.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), and IGF-1/IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) concentrations are associated with adiposity and insulin resistance. We aimed to determine whether serum IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 are associated with presence or severity of NAFLD independent of potential confounding. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of data from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1988–1994, a representative sample of the United States adult population. Among participants who had a fasting blood draw and ultrasound examination, we excluded those with missing data, viral hepatitis, iron overload, excessive alcohol intake, pregnancy, or taking glucose-lowering therapy, yielding 4172 adults for this analysis. RESULTS: In logistic regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, and race/ethnicity, higher IGF-1 and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 quartiles were associated with lower likelihood of NAFLD and lower grade steatosis. These associations became non-significant when further adjusted for adiposity (body mass index, waist circumference) with the exception of the association between IGF-1/IGFBP-3 and severity of NAFLD which remained significant after adjustment for homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (odds ratio [95% CI]: Q3: 0.71 [0.53–0.96], Q4: 0.62 [0.43–0.89]) and adiposity (Q4: 0.67 [0.47–0.96]). Full adjustment (age, gender, race/ethnicity, adiposity, HOMA-IR, A1C%) further attenuated associations between IGF-1 or IGF-1/IGFBP-3 and liver fat such that they were no longer significant. CONCLUSIONS: Adiposity explains much of the observed association between IGF-1 or IGF-1/IGFBP-3 and liver fat. These findings do not support a direct role for the growth hormone-IGF-1/IGFBP-3 axis in the pathophysiology of NAFLD.
Oestrogen receptor α in T cells controls the T cell immune profile and glucose metabolism in mouse models of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The imbalance between maternal insulin resistance and a relative lack of insulin secretion underlies the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Alterations in T cell subtypes and increased levels of circulating proinflammatory cytokines have been proposed as potential mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of insulin resistance in GDM. Since oestrogen modulates T cell immunity, we hypothesised that oestrogen plays a homeostatic role in visceral adipose tissue by coordinating T cell immunity through oestrogen receptor α (ERα) in T cells to prevent GDM. METHODS: Female CD4-cre ERα(fl/fl) (KO) mice on a C57BL/6 background with ERα ablation specifically in T cells, and ERα(fl/fl) (ERα-floxed [FL]) mice were fed 60 kJ% high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks. Female mice mated with male BALB/c mice to achieve allogenic pregnancy and were maintained on an HFD to generate the GDM model. Mice were divided into four experimental groups: non-pregnant FL, non-pregnant KO, pregnant FL (FL-GDM) and pregnant KO (KO-GDM). GTTs and ITTs were performed on day 12.5 or 13.5 and 16.5 after breeding, respectively. On day 18.5 after breeding, mice were killed and T cell subsets in the gonadal white adipose tissue (gWAT) and spleen were analysed using flow cytometry. Histological examination was also conducted and proinflammatory gene expression in gWAT and the liver was evaluated. RESULTS: KO mice that mated with BALB/c mice showed normal fertility rates and fetal weights as compared with FL mice. Body and tissue weights were similar between FL and KO mice. When compared with FL-GDM mice, KO-GDM mice showed decreased insulin secretion (serum insulin concentration 15 min after glucose loading: 137.3 ± 18.3 pmol/l and 40.1 ± 36.5 pmol/l, respectively; p < 0.05), impaired glucose tolerance (glucose AUC in GTT: 2308.3 ± 54.0 mmol/l × min and 2620.9 ± 122.1 mmol/l × min, respectively; p < 0.05) and increased numbers of T helper (Th)17 cells in gWAT (0.4 ± 0.0% vs 0.8 ± 0.1%; p < 0.05). However, the contents of Th1 and regulatory T cells (Tregs) in gWAT remained similar between FL-GDM and KO-GDM. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was similar between isolated islets derived from FL and KO mice, but was reduced by IL-17A treatment. Moreover, the levels of proinflammatory gene expression, including expression of Emr1 and Tnfa in gWAT, were significantly higher in KO-GDM mice than in FL-GDM mice (5.1-fold and 2.7-fold, respectively; p < 0.01 for both). Furthermore, KO-GDM mice showed increased expression of genes encoding hepatokines, Ahsg and Fgf21 (both were 2.4-fold higher vs FL-GDM mice; p < 0.05 and p = 0.09, respectively), with no changes in inflammatory gene expression (e.g., Tnfa and Ifng) in the liver compared with FL-GDM mice. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Deletion of ERα in T cells caused impaired maternal adaptation of insulin secretion, changes in hepatokine profiles, and enhanced chronic inflammation in gWAT alongside an abnormal increase in Th17 cells. These results suggest that the ERα-mediated oestrogen signalling effects in T cells regulate T cell immunity and contribute to glucose homeostasis in pregnancy.
Maternal high-fat high-sucrose diet and gestational exercise modulate hepatic fat accumulation and liver mitochondrial respiratory capacity in mothers and male offspring.; BACKGROUND: Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with a high-risk for developing metabolic complications later in life and in their offspring. In contrast, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic dysfunctions associated to lifestyle disorders. Therefore, we investigated whether gestational exercise delays the development of metabolic alterations in GDM mothers later in life, but also protects 6-week-old male offspring from adverse effects of maternal diet. METHODS: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with either control (C) or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet to induce GDM and submitted to gestational exercise during the 3 weeks of pregnancy. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with C-diet. RESULTS: Sedentary HFHS-fed dams exhibited increased gestational body weight gain (p < 0.01) and glucose intolerance (p < 0.01), characteristic of GDM. Their offspring had normal glucose metabolism, but increased early-age body weight, which was reverted by gestational exercise. Gestational exercise also reduced offspring hepatic triglycerides accumulation (p < 0.05) and improved liver mitochondrial respiration capacity (p < 0.05), contributing to the recovery of liver bioenergetics compromised by maternal HFHS diet. Interestingly, liver mitochondrial respiration remained increased by gestational exercise in HFHS-fed dams despite prolonged HFHS consumption and exercise cessation. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational exercise can result in liver mitochondrial adaptations in GDM animals, which can be preserved even after the exercise program cessation. Exposure to maternal GDM programs liver metabolic setting of male offspring, whereas gestational exercise appears as an important preventive tool against maternal diet-induced metabolic alterations.
Study on the relationship between DNA methylation of target CpG sites in peripheral blood and gestational diabetes during early pregnancy.; Genome-wide DNA methylation profiling have been used to find maternal CpG sites related to the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, none of these differential sites found has been verified in a larger sample. Here, our aim was to evaluate whether first trimester changes in target CpG sites in the peripheral blood of pregnancy women predict subsequent development of GDM. This nested case-control study was based upon an early pregnancy follow-up cohort (ChiCTR1900020652). Target CpG sites were extracted from related published literature and bioinformatics analysis. The DNA methylation levels at 337 CpG sites of 80 GDM cases and 80 matched healthy controls during the early pregnancy (10-15 weeks) were assessed using MethylTarget sequencing. The best cut-off level for methylation of CpG site was determined using the generated ROC curve. The independent effect of CpG site methylation status on GDM was analyzed using conditional logistic regression. Methylation levels at 6 CpG sites were significantly higher in the GDM group than in controls, whereas those at another 6 CpG sites were significantly lower (FDR < 0.05). The area under the ROC curve at each methylation level of the significant CpG sites ranged between 0.593 and 0.650 for the occurrence of GDM. After adjusting for possible confounders, the hypermethylation status of CpG site 68167324 (OR = 3.168, 1.038-9.666) and 24837915 (OR = 5.232, 1.659-16.506) was identified as more strongly associated with GDM; meanwhile, the hypermethylation of CpG site 157130156 (OR = 0.361, 0.135-0.966) and 89438648 (OR = 0.206, 0.065-0.655) might indicate lower risk of GDM. The methylation status of target CpG sites in the peripheral blood of pregnant women during the first trimester may be associated with GDM pathogenesis, and has potential as a predictor of GDM.
Hepatic insulin signaling changes: possible mechanism in prenatal hypoxia-increased susceptibility of fatty liver in adulthood.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly linked to insulin resistance. Prenatal hypoxia (PH) is a risk factor in programming of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and metabolic dysfunctions in later life, although the mechanisms are unclear. In this study, the role of metabolic and histological changes as well as the hepatic insulin signaling mechanisms were determined in increasing susceptibility of NAFLD in the fetus and offspring exposed to PH. Pregnant rats exposed to hypoxia (O(2) 10%) during pregnancy demonstrated decreased fetal body and liver weight as well as liver to body weight ratio, whereas these changes were not observed in the offspring. However, male liver to body weight ratio increased after PH stress. Microscopic analysis demonstrated that exposure to PH resulted in distorted architecture of the hepatic parenchyma cells with reduced cellularity in the fetus and offspring. Blood glucose and insulin levels were lower with enhanced insulin sensitivity and increased expression of hepatic insulin-signaling elements in the fetus. Furthermore, insulin resistance, impaired glucose homeostasis, and altered expression of insulin-signaling elements occurred in the offspring. Postnatal hypoxia increased hepatic lipid droplets and triglyceride in liver, whereas expressions of insulin-signaling elements were less in the offspring exposed to PH except glucose transporters 2. The results indicated that PH contributed to hepatocyte heteroplasia and metabolic changes that enhanced vulnerability for NAFLD in the offspring, probably via affecting insulin signaling pathway, including glucose transporters 2.
Intrahepatic fat is increased in the neonatal offspring of obese women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To assess precision magnetic resonance imaging in the neonate and determine whether there is an early maternal influence on the pattern of neonatal fat deposition in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity compared with the offspring of normal-weight women. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 25 neonates born to normal weight mothers (n = 13) and to obese mothers with GDM (n = 12) underwent magnetic resonance imaging for the measurement of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat and magnetic resonance spectroscopy for the measurement of intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) fat at 1-3 weeks of age. RESULTS: Infants born to obese/GDM mothers had a mean 68% increase in IHCL compared with infants born to normal-weight mothers. For all infants, IHCL correlated with maternal prepregnancy body mass index but not with subcutaneous adiposity. CONCLUSION: Deposition of liver fat in the neonate correlates highly with maternal body mass index. This finding may have implications for understanding the developmental origins of childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Hepatic hexokinase domain containing 1 (HKDC1) improves whole body glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in pregnant mice.; Hexokinase domain containing 1, a recently discovered putative fifth hexokinase, is hypothesized to play key roles in glucose metabolism. Specifically, during pregnancy in a recent genome wide association study (GWAS), a strong correlation between HKDC1 and 2-h plasma glucose in pregnant women from different ethnic backgrounds was shown. Our earlier work also reported diminished glucose tolerance during pregnancy in our whole body HKDC1 heterozygous mice. Therefore, we hypothesized that HKDC1 plays important roles in gestational metabolism, and designed this study to assess the role of hepatic HKDC1 in whole body glucose utilization and insulin action during pregnancy. We overexpressed human HKDC1 in mouse liver by injecting a human HKDC1 adenoviral construct; whereas, for the liver-specific HKDC1 knockout model, we used AAV-Cre constructs in our HKDC1(fl/fl) mice. Both groups of mice were subjected to metabolic testing before and during pregnancy on gestation day 17-18. Our results indicate that hepatic HKDC1 overexpression during pregnancy leads to improved whole-body glucose tolerance and enhanced hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity while hepatic HKDC1 knockout results in diminished glucose tolerance. Further, we observed reduced gluconeogenesis with hepatic HKDC1 overexpression while HKDC1 knockout led to increased gluconeogenesis. These changes were associated with significantly enhanced ketone body production in HKDC1 overexpressing mice, indicating that these mice shift their metabolic needs from glucose reliance to greater fat oxidation and ketone utilization during fasting. Taken together, our results indicate that hepatic HKDC1 contributes to whole body glucose disposal, insulin sensitivity, and aspects of nutrient balance during pregnancy.
Inhibition of adipogenesis and development of glucose intolerance by soluble preadipocyte factor-1 (Pref-1).; Preadipocyte factor-1 (Pref-1) is a transmembrane protein highly expressed in preadipocytes. Pref-1 expression is, however, completely abolished in adipocytes. The extracellular domain of Pref-1 undergoes two proteolytic cleavage events that generate 50 and 25 kDa soluble products. To understand the function of Pref-1, we generated transgenic mice that express the full ectodomain corresponding to the large cleavage product of Pref-1 fused to human immunoglobulin-gamma constant region. Mice expressing the Pref-1/hFc transgene in adipose tissue, driven by the adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (aP2, also known as aFABP) promoter, showed a substantial decrease in total fat pad weight. Moreover, adipose tissue from transgenic mice showed reduced expression of adipocyte markers and adipocyte-secreted factors, including leptin and adiponectin, whereas the preadipocyte marker Pref-1 was increased. Pref-1 transgenic mice with a substantial, but not complete, loss of adipose tissue exhibited hypertriglyceridemia, impaired glucose tolerance, and decreased insulin sensitivity. Mice expressing the Pref-1/hFc transgene exclusively in liver under the control of the albumin promoter also showed a decrease in adipose mass and adipocyte marker expression, suggesting an endocrine mode of action of Pref-1. These findings demonstrate the inhibition of adipogenesis by Pref-1 in vivo and the resulting impairment of adipocyte function that leads to the development of metabolic abnormalities.
Placental extract ameliorates liver fibrosis in a methionine- and choline-deficient diet-induced mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.; Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a severe form of fatty liver disease that is defined by the presence of inflammation and fibrosis, which ultimately leads to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. We previously showed that human placental extract (hPE) was intramuscularly injected to ameliorates liver injury in a methionine- and choline-deficient (MCD) diet-induced NASH model. In the present study, we investigated the effects of hPE using dB/dB mice which exhibit obesity and insulin resistance and are thought to reproduce the pathological background of NASH. The MCD-diet induced liver atrophy accompanied by fibrosis around the liver sinusoids. hPE dose-dependently reduced the perivascular fibrosis. Moreover, αSMA-positive activated hepatic stellate cells increased in number in mice on the MCD diet, with this effect reversed by hPE treatment. hPE significantly decreased expression of Acta2, Col1a1, and Tgfb1 genes in hepatic stellate cells, and inhibited Smad phosphorylation. Moreover, hPE treatment increased the expression of the anti-oxidative genes Hmox1, Nqo1, Cat, and Sod1, and significantly enhanced nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 activity. Furthermore, hPE decreased the expression of Nox4 and attenuated the levels of intracellular reactive oxygen species. These results, along with our previous study, suggest that hPE effectively ameliorates liver fibrosis in NASH. This beneficial effect may, in part, be due to suppression of hepatic stellate cell activation.
Transcriptome analysis reveals disruption of circadian rhythms in late gestation dairy cows may increase risk for fatty liver and reduced mammary remodeling.; Circadian disruption increased insulin resistance and decreased mammary development in late gestation, nonlactating (dry) cows. The objective was to measure the effect of circadian disruption on transcriptomes of the liver and mammary gland. At 35 days before expected calving (BEC), multiparous dry cows were assigned to either control (CON) or phase-shifted treatments (PS). CON was exposed to 16-h light and 8-h dark. PS was exposed to 16-h light to 8-h dark, but phase of the light-dark cycle was shifted 6 h every 3 days. On day 21 BEC, liver and mammary were biopsied. RNA was isolated (n = 6 CON, n = 6 PS per tissue), and libraries were prepared and sequenced using paired-end reads. Reads mapping to bovine genome averaged 27 ± 2 million and aligned to 14,222 protein-coding genes in liver and 15,480 in mammary analysis. In the liver, 834 genes, and in the mammary gland, 862 genes were different (nominal P < 0.05) between PS and CON. In the liver, genes upregulated in PS functioned in cholesterol biosynthesis, endoplasmic reticulum stress, wound healing, and inflammation. Genes downregulated in liver function in cholesterol efflux. In the mammary gland, genes upregulated functioned in mRNA processing and transcription and downregulated genes encoded extracellular matrix proteins and proteases, cathepsins and lysosomal proteases, lipid transporters, and regulated oxidative phosphorylation. Increased cholesterol synthesis and decreased efflux suggest that circadian disruption potentially increases the risk of fatty liver in cows. Decreased remodeling and lipid transport in mammary may decrease milk production capacity during lactation.
Placental Accumulation of Triacylglycerols in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Association with Altered Fetal Growth are Related to the Differential Expressions of Proteins of Lipid Metabolism.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit altered placental lipid metabolism. The molecular basis of this altered metabolism is not clear. Altered placental expression of proteins of lipogenesis and fatty acid oxidation may be involved in the placental accumulation of triacylglycerols (TG). The present study was aimed at investigating the differential expressions of placental proteins related to lipid metabolism among GDM women in comparison with control pregnant women (CPW) and to correlate them with maternal and fetal lipid parameters as well as altered fetal growth. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Maternal blood, cord blood, and placental samples were collected from GDM and CPW. The biochemical parameters, glucose, lipid profile and free fatty acids (FFA) were measured. The placental TG content was measured. Differential placental expressions of proteins; phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) p85α, PI3K p110α,liver X receptor alpha (LXRα), sterol regulatory element binding protein1(SREBP1), fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearyl CoA desaturase1 (SCD1), lipoprotein lipase (LPL),Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)α and PPARγ were analysed by western blotting and immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Placental protein expressions of PI3K p110α, LXRα, FAS, SCD1, and LPL were found to be significantly higher, whereas PPARα and PPARγ were lower in GDM women compared with CPW. The placental TG content and cord plasma FFA were increased in GDM women compared with CPW. The placental TG content positively correlated with Ponderal index of GDM new-borns. CONCLUSION: Differential expressions of placental proteins related to lipid metabolism in GDM might have led to placental TG accumulation. This might have contributed to the fetal overgrowth in GDM.
Pyroptosis is involved in maternal nicotine exposure-induced metabolic associated fatty liver disease progression in offspring mice.; We have investigated whether inflammasomes and pyroptosis are activated in maternal nicotine exposure (MNE) offspring mice and whether they are involved in MNE-promoted metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in adult offspring. We injected pregnant mice subcutaneously with saline vehicle or nicotine twice a day on gestational days 11-21. Offspring mice from both groups were fed with a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 months at postnatal day 21 to develop the MAFLD model. Serum biochemical indices were analyzed, and liver histology was performed. The expression levels of inflammasome and pyroptosis proteins were detected by western blot. We found MNE significantly aggravated the injury of MAFLD in adult offspring mice. MNE activated inflammasomes and pyroptosis in both infant and adult offspring mice. HFD treatment activated inflammasomes but not pyroptosis at 3 months, while it showed no effect at 6 months. However, pyroptosis was more severe in MNE-HFD mice than in MNE-ND mice at 6 months. Taken together, our data suggest MNE promotes MAFLD progression in adult offspring mice. MNE also induces NLRP3 and NLRP6 inflammasome activation and pyroptosis in both infant and adult offspring mice, which may be involved in MNE-promoted progression of MAFLD.
Evidence-based prenatal care: part II. Third-trimester care and prevention of infectious diseases.; All pregnant women should be offered screening for asymptomatic bacteriuria, syphilis, rubella, and hepatitis B and human immunodeficiency virus infection early in pregnancy. Women at increased risk should be tested for hepatitis C infection, gonorrhea, and chlamydia. All women should be questioned about their history of chickenpox and genital or orolabial herpes. Routine screening for bacterial vaginosis is not recommended. Influenza vaccination is recommended in women who will be in their second or third trimester of pregnancy during flu season. Women should be offered vaginorectal culture screening for group B streptococcal infection at 35 to 37 weeks' gestation. Colonized women and women with a history of group B streptococcal bacteriuria should be offered intrapartum intravenous antibiotics. Screening for gestational diabetes remains controversial. Women should be offered labor induction after 41 weeks' gestation.
Continued postnatal administration of resveratrol prevents diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rat offspring born growth restricted.; OBJECTIVE: A prenatal hypoxic insult leading to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) increases the susceptibility to develop metabolic syndrome (MetS) later in life. Since resveratrol (Resv), the polyphenol produced by plants, exerts insulin-sensitizing effects, we tested whether Resv could prevent deleterious metabolic effects of being born IUGR. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Pregnant rats were exposed to either a normoxic (control; 21% O(2)) or a hypoxic (IUGR; 11.5% O(2)) environment during the last third of gestation. After weaning, male offspring were randomly assigned to receive either a high-fat (HF; 45% fat) diet or an HF diet with Resv (4 g/kg diet) for 9 weeks when various parameters of the MetS were measured. RESULTS: Relative to normoxic controls, hypoxia-induced IUGR offspring developed a more severe MetS, including glucose intolerance and insulin resistance, increased intra-abdominal fat deposition and intra-abdominal adipocyte size, and increased plasma triacylglycerol (TG) and free fatty acids, as well as peripheral accumulation of TG, diacylglycerol, and ceramides. In only IUGR offspring, the administration of Resv reduced intra-abdominal fat deposition to levels comparable with controls, improved the plasma lipid profile, and reduced accumulation of TG and ceramides in the tissues. Moreover, Resv ameliorated insulin resistance and glucose intolerance as well as impaired Akt signaling in the liver and skeletal muscle of IUGR offspring and activated AMP-activated protein kinase, which likely contributed to improved metabolic parameters in Resv-treated IUGR rats. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that early, postnatal administration of Resv can improve the metabolic profile of HF-fed offspring born from pregnancies complicated by IUGR.
Hyperplastic obesity and liver steatosis as long-term consequences of suboptimal in vitro culture of mouse embryos.; In the present study, we identify and describe an obese phenotype in mice as a long-term consequence of a suboptimal in vitro culture that resulted from the addition of fetal calf serum (FCS) into the culture medium. Mice produced with FCS displayed a high mortality rate (approximately 55% versus 15% in control mice within 20 mo) and increased sensitivity to the development of obesity in adulthood when fed either a standard or a high-fat diet. These mice developed hyperplastic obesity that was characterized by a significant expansion of the fat pads (approximately 25% and 32% higher body weight in male and female mice over controls, respectively) with unchanged adipocyte size. We observed a sexual dimorphism in the development of obesity in the mice produced with FCS. Whereas the female mice displayed hypertension, hyperleptinemia, and fatty liver, the male mice only displayed glucose intolerance. The mRNA expression of metabolically relevant genes in the adipose tissue was also affected. The males produced with FCS expressed higher mRNA levels of the genes that activate fatty acid oxidation (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha [Ppara, PPARalpha] and acyl-CoA oxidase 1 [Acox1, ACOX1]) and thermogenesis (uncoupling protein 1 [Ucp1, UCP1]), which may counteract the metabolic phenotype. Conversely, the females produced with FCS generally expressed lower levels of these metabolic genes. In the females, the obese phenotype was associated with inhibition of the lipogenic pathway (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma [Pparg, PPARgamma] and fatty acid synthase [Fasn, FAS]), indicating a saturation of the storage capacity of the adipose tissue. Overall, our data indicate that the exposure to suboptimal in vitro culture conditions can lead to the sexually dimorphic development of obesity in adulthood.
Nuciferine administration in C57BL/6J mice with gestational diabetes mellitus induced by a high-fat diet: the improvement of glycolipid disorders and intestinal dysbacteriosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has become a global health concern as the main result of its contribution to the high risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both the mother and fetus. However, there is absence of an ideal and widely acceptable therapy. Nuciferine has previously been shown to exert beneficial effects in various metabolic diseases. This study aimed to investigate the potential therapeutic efficacy of nuciferine on GDM in C57BL/6J mice induced by a high-fat diet (HFD), which has not been reported before. The results showed that nuciferine improved glucose intolerance, reduced lipid accumulation and increased the glycogen content within hepatocytes, and decreased placental lipid and glycogen deposition, thus ameliorating glycolipid disorders in GDM mice. Additionally, nuciferine protected against histological degeneration of metabolism-associated critical organs including the liver, pancreas, and abdominal adipose tissue. Most interestingly, nuciferine could correct intestinal dysbacteriosis in GDM mice, as evidenced by the elevation of probiotic abundances consisting of Akkermansia, Lactobacillus, and Bifidobacterium, which were all negatively correlated with serum and liver triglyceride (TG) and positively associated with hepatic glycogen, and the reduction of conditional pathogen abundances including Escherichia-Shigella and Staphylococcus, and the latter was positively related to serum and liver TG and negatively linked with liver glycogen. Collectively, these findings suggest that nuciferine as a food-borne strategy played important roles in the management of GDM.
No Independent Association of Circulating Fetuin-A with Insulin Sensitivity in Young Women.; Animal data link high circulating fetuin-A to low insulin sensitivity and observational studies identify the hepatokine as a marker of future incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans. However, a recent, well-powered Mendelian randomization study finds no causal role. We therefore tested in a deeply-phenotyped human cohort if circulating fetuin-A correlates independently with insulin sensitivity and how it relates to the metabolic syndrome and ectopic fat deposition. We analyzed data from 290 young women with and without recent gestational diabetes mellitus. We found that circulating fetuin-A correlates inversely with insulin sensitivity in univariate analyses, but that this correlation is lost after adjustment for markers of the metabolic syndrome and of fatty liver. Additionally, we investigated which fat compartment associates most strongly with circulating fetuin-A. In whole body MRI data from a subcohort of 152 women, this was liver fat content. We conclude that high circulating fetuin-A occurs as part of the metabolic syndrome in young women and associates most strongly with liver fat content. Its close link to the metabolic syndrome may also cause the inverse correlation of circulating fetuin-A with insulin sensitivity as we found no independent association.
[Radical complications of obesity].; Obesity increases overall morbidity mainly by the increased mass of fat tissues and by the hyperproduction of pro-inflammatory molecules by the abdominal tissue. Coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome or diabetes mellitus are the main complications linked to the inflammatory low-grade syndrome whereas arthritis is linked to the adipocytes mass. Many other complications are associated with obesity: steato-hepatitis, glomerulo-sclerosis, digestive diseases such as gallstones, hypofertility, psychosocial dysfunction and depression and certain cancers. Obesity is also a risk factor for pregnancy and surgery. Most of these complications are reversible after a substantial weight loss.
Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity in early pregnancy together predict impaired glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy.; Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity individually reflect insulin resistance, but their combined effect on glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy is unknown. A cohort of 476 pregnant women prospectively underwent sonographic assessment of hepatic fat and visceral (VAT) and total (TAT) adipose tissue at 11-14 weeks' gestation. Logistic regression was used to assess the relation between the presence of maternal hepatic fat and/or the upper quartile (Q) of either VAT or TAT and the odds of developing the composite outcome of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-28 weeks' gestation, based on a 75 g OGTT. Upon adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, family history of DM and body mass index (BMI), the co-presence of hepatic fat and quartile 4 (Q4) of VAT (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.5, 95% CI: 2.3-18.5) or hepatic fat and Q4 of TAT (aOR 7.8 95% CI 2.8-21.7) were each associated with the composite outcome, relative to women with neither sonographic feature. First-trimester sonographic evidence of maternal hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity may independently predict the development of impaired glucose homeostasis and GDM in mid-pregnancy.
The interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. Epidemiological studies have reported that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and a high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration are risk factors for GDM in the middle trimester. However, no consistent conclusions have been reached, especially in Chinese pregnant women. A case-control study was conducted to better understand the associations between NAFLD and Hb concentration in the first trimester and the risk of GDM and their interactive effects. Multivariable logistic regression analysis and a cross-product term of Hb and steatosis were used to evaluate the associations between first trimester Hb concentration, steatosis, and GDM and their interactive effects. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using two-sided statistical tests at an alpha level of 0.05. For the study, 1,017 normal pregnant women, and 343 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM (25.22%) were recruited from the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Shanxi Province, China. NAFLD-associated steatosis was found to be independent risk factors for developing GDM compared with grade 0 steatosis, with ORs of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.35-2.89) and 2.27 (95% CI:1.29-3.96), respectively. Meanwhile, a high Hb concentration was found to be a risk factor for developing GDM compared with the normal Hb concentration (OR = 1.88; 95% CI:1.24-2.83). The risk of developing GDM was more pronounced among pregnant women who had both high-grade steatosis and higher Hb concentrations during their first trimester (OR = 6.24; 95% CI: 1.81-23.66). However, we found no significant interactions between Hb concentration and steatosis grade. In conclusion, our study confirmed that a high Hb concentration and NAFLD-associated steatosis during the first trimester play important roles in predicting the risk of GDM in Chinese women. Future studies are required to verify the interactive effects between NAFLD-associated steatosis and Hb concentration.
Features of the metabolic syndrome in late adolescence are associated with impaired testicular function at 20 years of age.; STUDY QUESTION: Are early signs of metabolic disorder in late adolescence associated with features of impaired testicular function many years before the majority seek parenthood? SUMMARY ANSWER: Adolescents with features of metabolic disorder at 17 years, or insulin resistance (IR) at 20 years of age, show impaired testicular function and altered hormone levels compared to those without metabolic disorder. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Controversial evidence suggests a recent decline in sperm production potentially linked to environmental influences, but its cause remains unclear. Concomitant increases in obesity and diabetes suggest that lifestyle factors may contribute to this decline in testicular function. Although obesity has been associated with adverse testicular function in some studies, it remains unclear whether poor testicular function merely reflects, or causes, poor metabolic health. If metabolic disorder were present in adolescence, prior to the onset of obesity, this may suggest that metabolic disorder maybe a precursor of impaired testicular function. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study is a longitudinal study of children born in 1989-1991 who have undergone detailed physical assessments since birth (1454 male infants born). At 17 years of age, 490 boys underwent a hepatic ultrasound examination, serum cytokine assessment (n = 520) and a metabolic assessment (n = 544). A further metabolic assessment was performed at 20 years (n = 608). Testicular assessment was performed at 20 years; 609 had reproductive hormones measured, 404 underwent a testicular ultrasound and 365 produced a semen sample. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Testicular volume was estimated by ultrasonography, and semen analysis was performed according to World Health Organization guidelines. Concentrations of LH, FSH and inhibin B (inhB) in serum were measured by immunoassay and total testosterone by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.At 17 years of age, a liver ultrasound examination was performed to determine the presence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and serum analysed for the cytokines interleukin-18 and soluble tumour necrosis factor receptor 1 and 2 (sTNFR1, sTNFR2).At 17 and 20 years of age, fasting blood samples were analysed for serum liver enzymes, insulin, glucose, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein cholesterol, high sensitivity C-reactive protein and uric acid. The homoeostatic model assessment (HOMA) was calculated and approximated IR was defined by a HOMA >4. Anthropometric data was collected and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry measurement performed for lean and total fat mass. As at this young age the prevalence of metabolic syndrome was expected to be low, a two-step cluster analysis was used using waist circumference, TGs, insulin, and systolic blood pressure to derive a distinct high-risk group with features consistent with the metabolic syndrome and increased cardiometabolic risk. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Men at age 17 years with increased cardiometabolic risk had lower concentrations of serum testosterone (medians: 4.0 versus 4.9 ng/mL) and inhB (193.2 versus 221.9 pg/mL) (P < 0.001 for both) compared to those within the low risk metabolic cluster. Men with ultrasound evidence of NAFLD (n = 45, 9.8%) had reduced total sperm output (medians: 68.0 versus 126.00 million, P = 0.044), testosterone (4.0 versus 4.7 ng/mL, P = 0.005) and inhB (209.1 versus 218.4 pg/mL, P = 0.032) compared to men without NAFLD.Men with higher concentrations of sTNFR1 at 17 years of age had a lower sperm output and serum concentration of inhB, with an increase in LH and FSH (all P < 0.05 after adjustment for age, BMI, abstinence and a history of cryptorchidism, varicocele, cigarette smoking, alcohol and drug use), compared to those without an elevated sTNFR1. Multivariable regression analysis, adjusting for confounders, demonstrated that men in the high-risk metabolic cluster at 20 years had a lower serum testosterone and inhB (P = 0.003 and P = 0.001, respectively). A HOMA-IR > 4 was associated with a lower serum testosterone (P = <0.001) and inhB (P = 0.010) and an increase in serum FSH (P = 0.015). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This study is limited by the sample size and multiple comparisons, and causality cannot be proven from an observational study. Due to a 3-year interval between some metabolic assessments and assessment of testicular function, we cannot exclude the introduction of a bias into the study, as some of the participants and their testicular function will not have been fully mature at the 17-year assessment. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Irrespective of a proven causation, our study findings are important in that a significant minority of the men, prior to seeking parenthood, presented co-existent features of metabolic disorder and signs of testicular impairment. Of particular note is that the presence of NAFLD at 17 years of age, although only present in a minority of men, was associated with an almost 50% reduction in sperm output at 20 years of age, and that the presence of IR at 20 years was associated with a 20% reduction in testicular volume. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by Australian NHMRC (Grant Numbers 634457, 35351417 and 403981) and received support from the Raine Medical Research Foundation, The Telethon Kids Institute, University of Western Australia, Women and Infants Research Foundation, Curtin University and Edith Cowan University. D.A.D., J.E.D., N.M., L.A.A., R.-C.H., T.A.M., J.K.O., L.J.B. have nothing to declare. R.J.H. is Medical Director of Fertility Specialists of Western Australia, has equity interests in Western IVF, and has received grant support from MSD, Merck-Serono and Ferring Pharmaceuticals. RMcL has equity interests in the Monash IVF Group. R.J.N. has equity interests in FertilitySA, and has received grant support from Merck Serono and Ferring Pharmaceuticals. D.J.H. has received institutional grant funding (but no personal income) for investigator-initiated testosterone pharmacology studies from Lawley and Besins Healthcare and has provided expert testimony to anti-doping tribunals and for testosterone litigation.This abstract was awarded the Fertility Society of Australia clinical exchange award for the oral presentation at ESHRE, Barcelona, in 2018.
Prenatal Choline Supplement in a Maternal Obesity Model Modulates Offspring Hepatic Lipidomes.; Maternal obesity during pregnancy adversely impacts offspring health, predisposing them to chronic metabolic diseases characterized by insulin resistance, dysregulated macronutrient metabolism, and lipid overload, such as metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Choline is a semi-essential nutrient involved in lipid and one-carbon metabolism that is compromised during MAFLD progression. Here, we investigated under high-fat (HF) obesogenic feeding how maternal choline supplementation (CS) influenced the hepatic lipidome of mouse offspring. Our results demonstrate that maternal HF+CS increased relative abundance of a subclass of phospholipids called plasmalogens in the offspring liver at both embryonic day 17.5 and after 6 weeks of postnatal HF feeding. Consistent with the role of plasmalogens as sacrificial antioxidants, HF+CS embryos were presumably protected with lower oxidative stress. After postnatal HF feeding, the maternal HF+CS male offspring also had higher relative abundance of both sphingomyelin d42:2 and its side chain, nervonic acid (FA 24:1). Nervonic acid is exclusively metabolized in the peroxisome and is tied to plasmalogen synthesis. Altogether, this study demonstrates that under the influence of obesogenic diet, maternal CS modulates the fetal and postnatal hepatic lipidome of male offspring, favoring plasmalogen synthesis, an antioxidative response that may protect the mouse liver from damages due to HF feeding.
Transgenerational impact of maternal obesogenic diet on offspring bile acid homeostasis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Studies show maternal obesity is a risk factor for metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Here we evaluated potential mechanisms underlying these phenotypes. Female C57Bl6 mice were fed chow or an obesogenic high-fat/high-sucrose (HF/HS) diet with subsequent mating of F(1) and F(2) female offspring to lean males to develop F(2) and F(3) generations, respectively. Offspring were fed chow or fibrogenic (high transfat, cholesterol, fructose) diets, and histopathological, metabolic changes, and bile acid (BA) homeostasis was evaluated. Chow-fed F(1) offspring from maternal HF/HS lineages (HF/HS) developed periportal fibrosis and inflammation with aging, without differences in hepatic steatosis but increased BA pool size and shifts in BA composition. F(1), but not F(2) or F(3), offspring from HF/HS showed increased steatosis on a fibrogenic diet, yet inflammation and fibrosis were paradoxically decreased in F(1) offspring, a trend continued in F(2) and F(3) offspring. HF/HS feeding leads to increased periportal fibrosis and inflammation in chow-fed offspring without increased hepatic steatosis. By contrast, fibrogenic diet-fed F(1) offspring from HF/HS dams exhibited worse hepatic steatosis but decreased inflammation and fibrosis. These findings highlight complex adaptations in NAFLD phenotypes with maternal diet.
Associations of maternal diet and nutritional status with offspring hepatic steatosis in the Avon longitudinal study of parents and children.; BACKGROUND: Priming for cardiometabolic diseases, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is hypothesized to begin in utero. The primary objective of this study is to determine whether there is an association between maternal nutritional status and offspring NAFLD. METHODS: Data come from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) in the UK. The analytic sample included 3353 participants who had maternal information on pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, diabetes, and free sugar intake as percent of total energy and were assessed for mild-severe hepatic steatosis at 24 years by transient elastography (controlled attenuation parameter score ≥ 248 dB/m). Multiple logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between maternal factors and offspring hepatic steatosis at 24 years. RESULTS: In confounder-adjusted models the independent associations for each maternal factor with mild to severe vs low hepatic steatosis at 24 years were: pre-pregnancy overweight (OR: 1.84, 95%CL: 1.43-2.38) or obesity (OR: 2.73, 95%CL: 1.84-4.03), more than recommended gestational weight gain (OR: 1.30, 95%CL: 1.04-1.64), diabetes (OR: 1.39, 95%CI: 0.87, 2.21), and high free sugar intake during pregnancy (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82, 1.33). These associations were largely mediated by BMI at 24 years, but not by birthweight or breastfeeding. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that maternal nutritional status is associated with the development of NAFLD in their adult offspring, although the relationship is largely mediated by offspring BMI in adulthood.
Maternal prebiotic supplementation reduces fatty liver development in offspring through altered microbial and metabolomic profiles in rats.; A maternal high-fat/sucrose diet, in the presence of maternal obesity, can program increased susceptibility to obesity and metabolic disease in offspring. In particular, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease risk is associated with poor maternal nutrition and obesity status, which may manifest via alterations in gut microbiota. Here, we report that in a preclinical model of diet-induced maternal obesity, maternal supplementation of a high-fat/sucrose diet with the prebiotic oligofructose improves glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, and hepatic steatosis in offspring following a long-term high-fat/sucrose dietary challenge compared with offspring of untreated dams. These improvements are associated with alterations in gut microbial composition and serum inflammatory profiles in early life and improvements in inflammatory and fatty-acid gene expression profiles in tissues. Serum metabolomics analysis highlights potential metabolic links between the gut microbiota and the degree of steatosis, including alterations in 1-carbon metabolism. Overall, our data suggest that maternal prebiotic intake protects offspring against hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance following 21 wk of high fat/sucrose diet, which is in part due to alterations in gut microbiota.-Paul, H. A., Collins, K. H., Nicolucci, A. C., Urbanski, S. J., Hart, D. A., Vogel, H. J., Reimer, R. A. Maternal prebiotic supplementation reduces fatty liver development in offspring through altered microbial and metabolomic profiles in rats.
Gestational Cd Exposure in the CD-1 Mouse Induces Sex-Specific Hepatic Insulin Insensitivity, Obesity, and Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Female Offspring.; There is compelling evidence that developmental exposure to toxic metals increases risk for obesity and obesity-related morbidity including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. To explore the hypothesis that developmental Cd exposure increases risk of obesity later in life, male, and female CD-1 mice were maternally exposed to 500 ppb CdCl2 in drinking water during a human gestational equivalent period (gestational day 0-postnatal day 10 [GD0-PND10]). Hallmark indicators of metabolic disruption, hepatic steatosis, and metabolic syndrome were evaluated prior to birth through adulthood. Maternal blood Cd levels were similar to those observed in human pregnancy cohorts, and Cd was undetected in adult offspring. There were no observed impacts of exposure on dams or pregnancy-related outcomes. Results of glucose and insulin tolerance testing revealed that Cd exposure impaired offspring glucose homeostasis on PND42. Exposure-related increases in circulating triglycerides and hepatic steatosis were apparent only in females. By PND120, Cd-exposed females were 30% heavier with 700% more perigonadal fat than unexposed control females. There was no evidence of dyslipidemia, steatosis, increased weight gain, nor increased adiposity in Cd-exposed male offspring. Hepatic transcriptome analysis on PND1, PND21, and PND42 revealed evidence for female-specific increases in oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction with significant early disruption of retinoic acid signaling and altered insulin receptor signaling consistent with hepatic insulin sensitivity in adult females. The observed steatosis and metabolic syndrome-like phenotypes resulting from exposure to 500 ppb CdCl2 during the pre- and perinatal period of development equivalent to human gestation indicate that Cd acts developmentally as a sex-specific delayed obesogen.
Foetal programming by methyl donor deficiency produces steato-hepatitis in rats exposed to high fat diet.; Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a manifestation of metabolic syndrome, which emerges as a major public health problem. Deficiency in methyl donors (folate and vitamin B12) during gestation and lactation is frequent in humans and produces foetal programming effects of metabolic syndrome, with small birth weight and liver steatosis at day 21 (d21), in rat pups. We investigated the effects of fetal programming on liver of rats born from deficient mothers (iMDD) and subsequently subjected to normal diet after d21 and high fat diet (HF) after d50. We observed increased abdominal fat, ASAT/ALAT ratio and angiotensin blood level, but no histological liver abnormality in d50 iMDD rats. In contrast, d185 iMDD/HF animals had hallmarks of steato-hepatitis, with increased markers of inflammation and fibrosis (caspase1, cleaved IL-1β, α1(I) and α2(I) collagens and α-SMA), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR and Glut 2) and expression of genes involved in stellate cell stimulation and remodelling and key genes triggering NASH pathomechanisms (transforming growth factor beta super family, angiotensin and angiotensin receptor type 1). Our data showed a foetal programming effect of MDD on liver inflammation and fibrosis, which suggests investigating whether MDD during pregnancy is a risk factor of NASH in populations subsequently exposed to HF diet.
Hepatitis B surface antigen positivity during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; Chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a prevalent public health issue worldwide. Its impact on important pregnancy outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has not been clearly established. The findings from published studies are inconsistent. In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we aimed to clarify whether HBV infection manifested during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of GDM. We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE for cohort studies and case-control studies that investigated the association between maternal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positivity and GDM. We pooled adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and unadjusted OR, respectively, using the random-effect generic inverse variance method. We assessed risk of bias using the Quality in Prognosis Studies tool and conducted five pre-specified subgroup analyses. In total, 23 cohort studies involving 3 529 223 participants were included. The risk of GDM was 6.48% (1868/28 829) among HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 3.41% (119 283/3 500 394) among HBsAg-negative pregnant women. Meta-analyses of both unadjusted and adjusted effect estimates showed that HBsAg positivity during pregnancy was associated with higher risk of developing GDM (unadjusted OR 1.35, 95% CI: 1.17 to 1.56, I(2)  = 82.6%; adjusted OR 1.47, 1.22 to 1.76, I(2)  = 62%). Among pre-specified subgroup analysis, significant differences were found among studies with high vs low or moderate risk of bias. The results were robust to sensitivity analyses. In conclusion, HBsAg positivity during pregnancy has a moderate effect on an increased risk of GDM. Given the size of the population with HBV infection worldwide, however, this effect could have substantial impact on pregnancy. Further studies are warranted to investigate whether active infection with HBeAg positivity would further elevate the risk of adverse events during pregnancy.
A prospective study of artificially sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic health among women at high risk.; BACKGROUND: Artificially sweetened beverages (ASBs) are commonly consumed and recommended for individuals at high risk for cardiometabolic diseases; however, the health effects of ASBs remain contradictory. Given that cross-sectional analyses are subject to reverse causation, prospective studies with long-term follow-up are needed to evaluate associations between ASBs and cardiometabolic health, especially among high-risk individuals. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine associations of ASB intake and cardiometabolic health among high-risk women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We included 607 women with GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1996-2002) who completed a clinical exam 9-16 y after the DNBC pregnancy for the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study (2012-2014). We assessed ASB intake using FFQs completed during the DNBC pregnancy and at the DWH Study clinical exam. We examined cardiometabolic outcomes at the DWH clinical exam. We estimated percentage differences in continuous cardiometabolic markers and RRs for clinical endpoints in association with ASB intake both during pregnancy and at follow-up adjusted for prepregnancy BMI, diet, and lifestyle factors. Sensitivity analyses to account for reverse causation were performed. RESULTS: In pregnancy and at follow-up, 30.4% and 36.4% of women regularly (≥2 servings/wk) consumed ASB, respectively. Consumption of ASBs, both during pregnancy and at follow-up, was associated with higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, liver fat, and adiposity and with lower HDL at follow-up. After adjustment for covariates, particularly prepregnancy BMI, the majority of associations between ASB intake in pregnancy and outcomes at follow-up became null with the exception of HbA1c. ASB intake at follow-up (≥1 serving/d compared with <1 serving/mo) was associated with higher HbA1c (6.5%; 95% CI: 1.9, 11.3; P-trend = 0.007); however, associations were not upheld in sensitivity analyses for reverse causation. CONCLUSIONS: Among Danish women with a history of GDM, ASB intake was not significantly associated with cardiometabolic profiles.
Hypoxia-induced intrauterine growth restriction increases the susceptibility of rats to high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: It is recognized that there is a remarkable variability in the systemic response to high-fat (HF) diets that cannot be completely explained by genetic factors. In addition, pregnancy complications leading to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) have been associated with an increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) later in life. Thus, we hypothesized that offspring born with IUGR exhibit permanent metabolic changes that make them more susceptible to HF diet-induced MetS. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: SD rats born normal (control) or with hypoxia-induced IUGR were randomized to low-fat (10% fat) or HF (45% fat) diets. After 9 weeks of feeding, physiological and molecular pathways involved in the MetS were evaluated. RESULTS: IUGR offspring exhibited decreased energy intake and physical activity relative to controls. In offspring fed a HF diet, IUGR was associated with decreased total body fat content, a relative increase in intra-abdominal fat deposition and adipocyte size, an increase in fasting plasma concentrations of leptin, triglyceride and free fatty acids, and an increased concentration of triglycerides and ceramides in both liver and skeletal muscle. These changes in lipid homeostasis were accompanied by in vivo insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance and associated with increased phosphorylation of protein kinase C , inhibition of insulin receptor substrate 1, and a decreased activation of protein kinase B (PKB; also known as Akt) in liver and skeletal muscle in response to insulin. CONCLUSIONS: IUGR enhances specific deleterious metabolic responses to a HF diet. Our results suggest that offspring born with IUGR may require special attention and follow-up to prevent the early onset of MetS.
Gestational high fat diet programs hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene expression and histone modification in neonatal offspring rats.; In insulin resistance and type II diabetes, there is an elevation of hepatic gluconeogenesis, which contributes to hyperglycaemia. Studies in experimental animals have provided evidence that consumption of high fat (HF) diets by female rats programs the progeny for glucose intolerance in adulthood, but the mechanisms behind the in utero programming remain poorly understood. The present study analysed the effect of a maternal HF diet on fetal gluconeogenic gene expression and potential regulation mechanism related to histone modifications. Dams were fed either a Control (C, 16% kcal fat) or a high-fat (HF, 45% kcal fat) diet throughout gestation. Livers of the offspring were collected on gestational day 21 and analysed to determine the consequences of a maternal HF diet on molecular markers of fetal liver gluconeogenesis. We demonstrated that offspring of HF-fed dams were significantly heavier and had significantly higher blood glucose levels at the time of delivery than offspring of dams fed the C diet. While maternal gluconeogenesis and plasma glucose were not affected by the HF diet, offspring of HF-fed dams had significantly higher mRNA contents of gluconeogenic genes in addition to the elevated plasma glucose. In addition to increased transcription rate, a gestational HF diet resulted in modifications of the Pck1 histone code in livers of offspring. Our results demonstrate that in utero exposure to HF diet has the potential to program the gluconeogenic capacity of offspring through epigenetic modifications, which could potentially lead to excessive glucose production and altered insulin sensitivity in adulthood.
Metabolic alterations associated with maternal undernutrition during the first half of gestation lead to a diabetogenic state in the rat.; BACKGROUND: Although recent studies have investigated the effect of maternal nutrition on metabolic programming of the offspring, the question whether a nutritional insult during early gestation favours an altered metabolic state of the mother that persists during the remainder period of pregnancy, when foetal growth is maximal, remains to be answered. METHODS: To address this issue, we analysed the effect of 40% food restriction during the first 12 days of gestation on glucose tolerance, as well as on liver and adipose tissue metabolism, in Sprague-Dawley pregnant rats. RESULTS: We found that undernutrition at early gestation blocks pregnancy-associated accumulation of fat, leading to a net breakdown of lipids that may account for an increased delivery of fatty acids and glycerol to the liver. Together with altered expression of hepatic enzymes, this creates a catabolic state, characterized by decreased lipogenesis and increased β-oxidation, which contributes to the ketonemia of underfed mothers. Furthermore, we observed that undernutrition during early pregnancy impairs insulin sensitivity at this stage and, importantly, exacerbates insulin resistance at late gestation, contributing to a diabetogenic state. CONCLUSION: Undernutrition during the first half of pregnancy not only alters liver and adipose tissue metabolism, but also exacerbates the maternal insulin resistance at late gestation, which may increase their risk of gestational diabetes. GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE: Together, these findings highlight the persistent impact of maternal nutrition during early gestation on the metabolism of the mother during late pregnancy.
Early life exposure to maternal insulin resistance has persistent effects on hepatic NAFLD in juvenile nonhuman primates.; The origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) may lie in early intrauterine exposures. Here we examined the maternal response to chronic maternal high-fat (HF) diet and the impact of postweaning healthy diet on mechanisms for NAFLD development in juvenile nonhuman primate (NHP) offspring at 1 year of age. Pregnant females on HF diet were segregated as insulin resistant (IR; HF+IR) or insulin sensitive (IS; HF+IS) compared with control (CON)-fed mothers. HF+IR mothers have increased body mass, higher triglycerides, and increased placental cytokines. At weaning, offspring were placed on a CON or HF diet. Only offspring from HF+IR mothers had increased liver triglycerides and upregulated pathways for hepatic de novo lipid synthesis and inflammation that was irreversible upon switching to a healthy diet. These juvenile livers also showed a combination of classical and alternatively activated hepatic macrophages and natural killer T cells, in the absence of obesity or insulin resistance. Our findings suggest that maternal insulin resistance, including elevated triglycerides, insulin, and weight gain, initiates dysregulation of the juvenile hepatic immune system and development of de novo lipogenic pathways that persist in vitro and may be an irreversible "first hit" in the pathogenesis of NAFLD in NHP.
A Mitochondrial Specific Antioxidant Reverses Metabolic Dysfunction and Fatty Liver Induced by Maternal Cigarette Smoke in Mice.; Maternal smoking leads to glucose and lipid metabolic disorders and hepatic damage in the offspring, potentially due to mitochondrial oxidative stress. Mitoquinone mesylate (MitoQ) is a mitochondrial targeted antioxidant with high bioavailability. This study aimed to examine the impact of maternal cigarette smoke exposure (SE) on offspring's metabolic profile and hepatic damage, and whether maternal MitoQ supplementation during gestation can affect these changes. Female Balb/c mice (eight weeks) were either exposed to air or SE for six weeks prior to mating and throughout gestation and lactation. A subset of the SE dams were supplied with MitoQ in the drinking water (500 µmol/L) during gestation and lactation. Intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test was performed in the male offspring at 12 weeks and the livers and plasma were collected at 13 weeks. Maternal SE induced glucose intolerance, hepatic steatosis, mitochondrial oxidative stress and related damage in the adult offspring. Maternal MitoQ supplementation reduced hepatic mitochondrial oxidative stress and improved markers of mitophagy and mitochondrial biogenesis. This may restore hepatic mitochondrial health and was associated with an amelioration of glucose intolerance, hepatic steatosis and pathological changes induced by maternal SE. MitoQ supplementation may potentially prevent metabolic dysfunction and hepatic pathology induced by intrauterine SE.
Combined impact of Hepatitis B virus and gestational diabetes mellitus on ultrasound-measured fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes: A seven-year retrospective study.; AIMS: To investigate the impact of pregnancy with combined hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes. METHODS: All the pregnant women with HBV infection and/or GDM who delivered at Women's Hospital, Zhejiang University between January 2015, and September 2022 were included. A total of 1633 pregnant women were recruited in the final analysis, including 409 women with HBV infection and GDM, 396 with HBV infection only, 430 with GDM only, and 398 without HBV infection and GDM. Linear and logistic regression models were used to study the impact of pregnancy with combined HBV infection and GDM on fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: Pregnancy with combined HBV infection and GDM was associated with increased Z-scores on primary fetal ultrasound parameters and significantly increased the risk of fetal femur length overgrowth (OR: 2.88, 95 % CI: 1.13 ∼ 7.35), placental abruption (OR: 3.64, 95 % CI: 1.18 ∼ 11.22), and macrosomia (OR: 4.19, 95 % CI: 1.66 ∼ 10.56) compared to pregnancy without HBV infection and GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Both maternal HBV infection and GDM are independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. Their combination further increases the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes.
The impact of maternal HBsAg carrier status on pregnancy outcomes: a case-control study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: To examine the impact of maternal HBsAg carrier status on pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: Two hundred and fifty-three carriers of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) with singleton pregnancy, were retrospectively compared with 253 controls matched for age and parity and year of delivery. RESULTS: On univariable analysis, HBsAg carriers had higher incidences of threatened preterm labour at <37 weeks (11.9% vs. 6.3%, P=0.030), preterm birth at <34 weeks (4.7% vs. 1.2%, P=0.033), gestational diabetes mellitus (19.0% vs. 11.1%, P=0.012) and antepartum haemorrhage (11.5% vs. 5.5%, P=0.026). Their infants had lower Apgar scores at the 1st (8.47+/-1.67 vs. 8.87+/-1.07, P=0.001) and 5th minute (9.56+/-1.29 vs. 9.80+/-0.54, P=0.007), and increased incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage (4.7% vs. 0.8%, P=0.007). On multivariable analysis, the association between HBsAg carrier state with antepartum haemorrhage, gestational diabetes mellitus and threatened preterm labour were confirmed. CONCLUSIONS: HBsAg carriers have increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, antepartum haemorrhage, and threatened preterm labour. This may be related to the chronic inflammatory state in these subjects. The role of chronic HBV infection in pregnancy complications has to be further elucidated.
Role of vascular endothelial growth factor in the pathophysiology of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in two rodent models.; The pathophysiology of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) should be approached as a multifactorial process. In several stages of NASH, a link between disease progression and hepatic microvasculature changes can be made. In this study we investigated the role of angiogenesis in two mouse models for NASH, and the effect of a preventive and therapeutic antiangiogenic treatment in a diet-induced mouse model for NASH. Protein and RNA levels of angiogenic and inflammatory factors were significantly up-regulated in the liver of C56BL/6 and db/db mice with NASH at different timepoints. To examine the effect of angiogenic factors on the disease progression of NASH, a prevention and treatment study was set up, blocking the placental growth factor (PlGF) or vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2). Our study showed that treatment prevents the progression of NASH by attenuating steatosis and inflammation, both in a preventive and therapeutic setting, thereby confirming the hypothesis that angiogenic factors play an early role in the disease progression from steatosis to NASH. Anti-PlGF (αPlGF) did not significantly improve liver histology. Vascular corrosion casting showed a more disrupted liver vasculature in mice with NASH compared to controls. Treatment with αVEGFR2 showed an improvement of the liver vasculature. Moreover, fat-laden primary hepatocytes treated with αVEGFR2 stored significantly less lipids. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate that there is an increased expression of angiogenic factors in the liver in different mouse models for NASH. We found that VEGFR2 blockage attenuates steatosis and inflammation in a diet-induced mouse model for NASH in a preventive and therapeutic setting. Our findings warrant further investigation of the role of angiogenesis in the pathophysiology in NASH.
Isoleucine-to-methionine substitution at residue 148 variant of PNPLA3 gene and metabolic outcomes in gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) of the patatin-like phospholipase-3 (PNPLA3)/adiponutrin gene (rs738409 C>G) is strongly associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; to our knowledge, no data are available on the impact of this PNPLA3 SNP on liver and metabolic outcomes during pregnancy in patients with gestational diabetes (GD). OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the impact of the PNPLA3 rs738409 SNP on liver enzymes, metabolic indexes, and maternal and neonatal outcomes in 200 GD patients enrolled in a lifestyle intervention. DESIGN: In a randomized trial with a 2 × 2 factorial design, exercise significantly improved maternal and neonatal outcomes in GD patients. Effects of the G allele on metabolic and liver indexes and maternal and neonatal outcomes were evaluated in these patients. RESULTS: At the end of the trial, fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values were significantly lower and liver enzymes significantly higher in PNPLA3 G-allele carriers. In a multiple regression model, the G allele was associated directly with aspartate aminotransferase (β = 2.60; 95% CI: 0.99, 4.20), alanine aminotransferase (β = 3.70; 95% CI: 1.78, 5.62), and γ-glutamyl transferase (β = 3.70; 95% CI: 0.80, 6.60) and inversely with insulin (β = -2.01; 95% CI: -3.24, -0.78) and HOMA-IR (β = -0.39; -0.64, -0.14) values at the end of the trial. In a multiple logistic regression model, the G allele was associated directly with risk of developing liver enzyme elevation during pregnancy (OR: 4.21; 95% CI: 1.78, 9.97) and inversely with the birth of large-for-gestational-age newborns (OR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.06, 0.62). No diet × genotype or exercise × genotype interaction was shown. CONCLUSION: The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409 G allele was associated with risk of mildly elevated transaminases in GD independent of a lifestyle intervention and despite a significant reduction in insulin resistance and risk of macrosomic offspring. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01506310.
No Correlation of Pancreatic Fat and β-Cell Function in Young Women With and Without a History of Gestational Diabetes.; CONTEXT: Pancreatic steatosis may contribute to β-cell dysfunction in type 2 diabetes (T2D), but data are controversial. Women who had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for developing T2D. OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of pancreatic fat content with early/first-phase insulin secretion (as markers of β-cell function). DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of a subcohort of the monocentric, prospective cohort study titled Prediction, Prevention, and Subclassification of Type 2 Diabetes. SETTING: Ludwig Maximilians University Hospital, Munich, Germany. PARTICIPANTS: Ninety-seven women, 3 to 16 months after pregnancy [41 normoglycemic women post-GDM, 19 women post-GDM with pathological glucose metabolism, and 37 normoglycemic women after a normoglycemic pregnancy (controls)]. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Correlation of MRI-measured pancreatic fat content with early insulin release in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGGT) [insulin increment within the first 30 minutes of the OGTT (IR30)] and first-phase insulin response (FPIR) in an intravenous glucose tolerance test (n = 65), both adjusted for insulin sensitivity index (ISI). RESULTS: Pancreatic fat content did not correlate with IR30 and FPIR adjusted for ISI. It correlated positively with body mass index, waist circumference, liver fat, and intraabdominal fat volume. CONCLUSION: Pancreatic fat content does not correlate with β-cell function in a cohort of young women with different degrees of T2D risk.
Cinnamaldehyde potentially attenuates gestational hyperglycemia in rats through modulation of PPARγ, proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress.; Cinnamon has a history of use for medicinal purposes and its major benefits have been linked to cinnamaldehyde. The present study aimed to investigate the hypoglycemic action of cinnamaldehyde against fatty-sucrosed diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ)-rat model of gestational diabetes. Female albino rats were divided into three groups. Group I fed with normal diet (ND) while group II and III were fed with FSD for eight weeks (five weeks pre-gestational and three weeks gestational). Rats of group III were administered with a daily oral dose of 20mg/kg cinnamaldehyde one week before mating onward. At the 7th day of gestation, FSD-fed rats were injected intraperitoneally with STZ (25mg/kg b.wt.) to induce gestational diabetes. Pre-mating treatment of cinnamaldehyde controls hyperphagia and glucose intolerance during the gestational period than in diabetic rats. It also reduced levels of fructosamine, total cholesterols, triglycerides, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), malondialdehyde (MDA) and nitric oxide (NO), while it significantly increased levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, adiponectin, liver glycogen, reduced glutathione (GSH) and catalase activity at term pregnancy. In addition, cinnamaldehyde administration up-regulated the mRNA expression of peroxisome proliferated activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ) and also ameliorated the number of viable fetuses, implantation loss sites, fetal glucose and insulin levels. In conclusion, cinnamaldehyde has safe hypoglycemic action on gestational diabetes by potentiating insulin secretion and sensitivity through activating the antioxidant defense system, suppressing pro-inflammatory cytokines production, upregulating PPARγ gene expression and alleviating the reproductive performance.
Prediction of fetal macrosomia with ultrasound parameters and maternal glycemic controls in gestational diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE OF INVESTIGATION: Evaluation of ultrasound measurements of fetal adipose subcutaneous tissue (ASCT), abdominal circumference (AC), liver length (LL), and amniotic fluid index (AFI) in prediction of fetal macrosomia (FM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a prospective clinical trial, 280 pregnant women underwent 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) at 28th week of gestation (wg) and measurements ofAC, LL, AFI, and ASCT at 32nd, 34th, 36th, and 38th wg. RESULTS: For GDM, the best sensitivity was achieved by ACST at 32nd and 34th wg, the best specificity by LL at 32nd wg (90.6%), the best area under the curve (AUC) by LL at 34th wg (0.944). For FM the best sensitivity was achieved by AC at 32th, 34th, 36th, and 38th wg and by ASCT at 34th wg (94.2%), and the best AUC at 38th wg for AC (0.974). CONCLUSION: Ultrasound parameters of glycemic control were good predictors of FM and GDM.
Maternal high-fat diet triggers lipotoxicity in the fetal livers of nonhuman primates.; Maternal obesity is thought to increase the offspring's risk of juvenile obesity and metabolic diseases; however, the mechanism(s) whereby excess maternal nutrition affects fetal development remain poorly understood. Here, we investigated in nonhuman primates the effect of chronic high-fat diet (HFD) on the development of fetal metabolic systems. We found that fetal offspring from both lean and obese mothers chronically consuming a HFD had a 3-fold increase in liver triglycerides (TGs). In addition, fetal offspring from HFD-fed mothers (O-HFD) showed increased evidence of hepatic oxidative stress early in the third trimester, consistent with the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). O-HFD animals also exhibited elevated hepatic expression of gluconeogenic enzymes and transcription factors. Furthermore, fetal glycerol levels were 2-fold higher in O-HFD animals than in control fetal offspring and correlated with maternal levels. The increased fetal hepatic TG levels persisted at P180, concurrent with a 2-fold increase in percent body fat. Importantly, reversing the maternal HFD to a low-fat diet during a subsequent pregnancy improved fetal hepatic TG levels and partially normalized gluconeogenic enzyme expression, without changing maternal body weight. These results suggest that a developing fetus is highly vulnerable to excess lipids, independent of maternal diabetes and/or obesity, and that exposure to this may increase the risk of pediatric NAFLD.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in prepubertal children born small for gestational age: influence of rapid weight catch-up growth.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: We studied the association of low birth weight with ultrasound-assessed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) to test the hypothesis that fetal growth retardation followed by a rapid weight catch-up growth might be an additional factor responsible for liver steatosis via insulin resistance (IR) and/or intra-abdominal fat. METHODS: We enrolled 23 children born small for gestational age (SGA) with a rapid catch-up growth within the first 6-12 months, and 24 appropriate for gestational age (AGA) children as controls. All children underwent anthropometric, body composition measurements and evaluation of liver function tests, lipid profile, plasma glucose and insulin levels. Abdominal ultrasonography was performed in order to asses liver steatosis and thickness of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue. RESULTS: NAFLD were observed in 8 out of the 23 SGA children (34.8%). IR and visceral fat were significantly increased in children with hepatic steatosis compared to those without. IR index was significantly related to liver steatosis, independently of body mass index standard deviation score and visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: NAFLD should be recognized as an emerging problem in SGA prepubertal children who presented a rapid weight gain in postnatal life, and IR plays the key role. An appropriate diet during pregnancy and in the first year of life might prevent metabolic syndrome and NAFLD in these subjects.
[Correlation between hepatitis B virus infection and adverse pregnancy outcomes-a systematic review and meta-analysis].; Objective: To systematically evaluate the effect of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection on the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane databases. Two researchers independently screened the literature, extracted data, and evaluated the quality. Meta-analysis and cumulative meta-analysis were performed using R4.4.1 software. Fixed/random effects models were used to analyze heterogeneous and non-heterogeneous results. Heterogeneous modifiers were identified by subgroup analysis. Funnel plots and Peters' test were used to analyze potential publication bias. Results: A total of 48 studies involving 92 836 HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 7 123 292 HBsAg-negative pregnant women were included. In terms of adverse pregnancy outcomes, HBV infection was significantly correlated with the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus [odds ratio (OR)=1.34, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.17-1.53] and intrahepatic cholestasis (OR=2.48, 95%CI: 1.88-3.29), with statistically significant differences. In terms of adverse neonatal outcomes, HBV infection was significantly correlated with the occurrence of neonatal asphyxia (OR=1.49, 95%CI: 1.20-1.86) and preterm birth (OR=1.22, 95%CI: 1.12-1.33), with statistically significant differences. In addition, the cumulative meta-analysis demonstrated that the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm birth both tended to be stable in pregnant women with HBV infection following 2009 and 2010, respectively. The supplementary questions answered for repeated studies had limited significance. Conclusion: Intrahepatic cholestasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal asphyxia, and preterm birth occurrence risk can be raised with HBV infection in pregnant women.
Gender-specific differences in adipose distribution and adipocytokines influence adolescent nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a predominantly adult-diagnosed disorder. Knowledge regarding the epidemiology, phenotype, and metabolic risk factors, during adolescence is limited. We sought to determine the prevalence, phenotype, and predictors of NAFLD in 1170 community-based adolescents in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study (the Raine Cohort) who underwent a cross-sectional assessment that included questionnaires, anthropometry, cardiovascular examinations, blood tests, and abdominal ultrasound examinations. Among the 1170 adolescents assessed, the prevalence of NAFLD was 12.8%. Females compared with males had a significantly higher prevalence of NAFLD (16.3% versus 10.1%, P = 0.004) and central obesity (33.2% versus 9.9%, P < 0.05). The severity of hepatic steatosis was associated with the body mass index, waist circumference, subcutaneous adipose tissue thickness (SAT), serum leptin level, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance score (P < 0.001 for all), and serum alanine aminotransferase level (P < 0.005) in both genders, but it was associated with increasing visceral adipose tissue thickness (VAT; P < 0.001) and decreasing serum adiponectin levels (P < 0.05) in males alone. Males and females with NAFLD had similar amounts of SAT (P > 0.05); however, in comparison with females with NAFLD, males with NAFLD had greater VAT, a more severe metabolic phenotype with higher glucose levels and systolic blood pressure and lower adiponectin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (P < 0.001 for all), and greater measures of liver injury (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase, P < 0.001 for all). Similarly, metabolic syndrome was more common in males than females with NAFLD (24% versus 8%, P = 0.01). Suprailiac skinfold thickness predicted NAFLD independently of the body mass index, insulin resistance, and VAT. CONCLUSION: Gender differences in adolescent NAFLD are related to differences in adipose distribution and adipocytokines. The male phenotype of NAFLD is associated with more adverse metabolic features and greater visceral adiposity than the female phenotype despite the lower prevalence of NAFLD.
One consequence of infertility treatment: multifetal pregnancy.; This article discusses the issue of multifetal pregnancy as a result of fertility treatments. Pregnancies with multiple gestations are associated with serious infant and maternal health risks as well as psychological distress and significant financial consequences, and are a far too common consequence of infertility treatments such as assisted reproductive technology (ART) and ovulation induction drugs. Women with multifetal pregnancies are at a higher risk for multiple pregnancy complications and maternal morbidity/mortality as well as stress, depression, and anxiety disorders, especially when there is the threat of a loss of one or more fetuses. The rise in rates of multifetal gestation and the accompanying increased risk to both mother and fetuses have led the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology to develop guidelines to limit the number of transferred embryos during in vitro fertilization. Nurses who work with infertile women are in a position to educate them about the risks, benefits, and alternatives associated with ARTs and multifetal pregnancies, and should endeavor to learn as much as possible about this topic.
Prolonged fasting elicits increased hepatic triglyceride accumulation in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers.; We investigated the effect of dexamethasone during the last week of pregnancy on glucose and lipid metabolism in male offspring. Twelve-week old offspring were evaluated after fasting for 12-hours (physiological) and 60-hours (prolonged). Physiological fasting resulted in glucose intolerance, decreased glucose clearance after pyruvate load and increased PEPCK expression in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers (DEX). Prolonged fasting resulted in increased glucose tolerance and increased glucose clearance after pyruvate load in DEX. These modulations were accompanied by accumulation of hepatic triglycerides (TG). Sixty-hour fasted DEX also showed increased citrate synthase (CS) activity, ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) content, and pyruvate kinase 2 (pkm2), glucose transporter 1 (slc2a1) and lactate dehydrogenase-a (ldha) expressions. Hepatic AKT2 was increased in 60-hour fasted DEX, in parallel with reduced miRNAs targeting the AKT2 gene. Altogether, we show that metabolic programming by prenatal dexamethasone is characterized by an unexpected hepatic TG accumulation during prolonged fasting. The underlying mechanism may depend on increased hepatic glycolytic flux due to increased pkm2 expression and consequent conversion of pyruvate to non-esterified fatty acid synthesis due to increased CS activity and ACLY levels. Upregulation of AKT2 due to reduced miRNAs may serve as a permanent mechanism leading to increased pkm2 expression.
Increased Susceptibility to Obesity and Glucose Intolerance in Adult Female Rats Programmed by High-Protein Diet during Gestation, But Not during Lactation.; Fetal and early postnatal nutritional environments contribute to lifelong health. High-protein (HP) intake in early life can increase obesity risk in response to specific feeding conditions after weaning. This study investigated the effects of a maternal HP diet during pregnancy and/or lactation on the metabolic health of offspring. Three groups of dams received a normal-protein (NP, 20E% proteins) diet during gestation and lactation (Control group), an HP diet (55E% proteins) during gestation (HPgest group), or an HP diet during lactation (HPlact group). From weaning until 10 weeks, female pups were exposed to the NP, the HP or the western (W) diet. HPgest pups had more adipocytes (p = 0.009), more subcutaneous adipose tissue (p = 0.04) and increased expression of genes involved in liver fatty acid synthesis at 10 weeks (p < 0.05). HPgest rats also showed higher food intake and adiposity under the W diet compared to the Control and HPlact rats (p ≤ 0.04). The post-weaning HP diet reduced weight (p < 0.0001), food intake (p < 0.0001), adiposity (p < 0.0001) and glucose tolerance (p < 0.0001) compared to the NP and W diets; this effect was enhanced in the HPgest group (p = 0.04). These results show that a maternal HP diet during gestation, but not lactation, leads to a higher susceptibility to obesity and glucose intolerance in female offspring.
Postpartum development of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in a lean mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased postpartum risk for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). GDM-related MASLD predisposes to advanced liver disease, necessitating a better understanding of its development in GDM. This preclinical study evaluated the MASLD development in a lean GDM mouse model with impaired insulin secretion capacity. Lean GDM was induced by short-term 60% high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin injections (60 mg/kg for 3 days) before mating in C57BL/6N mice. The control dams received only high-fat diet or low-fat diet. Glucose homeostasis was assessed during pregnancy and postpartum, whereas MASLD was assessed on postpartum day 30 (PP30). GDM dams exhibited a transient hyperglycemic phenotype during pregnancy, with hyperglycaemia reappearing after lactation. Lower insulin levels and impaired glucose-induced insulin response were observed in GDM mice during pregnancy and postpartum. At PP30, GDM dams displayed higher hepatic triglyceride content compared controls, along with increased MAS (MASLD) activity scores, indicating lipid accumulation, inflammation, and cell turnover indices. Additionally, at PP30, GDM dams showed elevated plasma liver injury markers. Given the absence of obesity in this double-hit GDM model, the results clearly indicate that impaired insulin secretion driven pregnancy hyperglycaemia has a distinct contribution to the development of postpartum MASLD.
The nonalcoholic fatty liver disease-like phenotype and lowered serum VLDL are associated with decreased expression and DNA hypermethylation of hepatic ApoB in male offspring of ApoE deficient mothers fed a with Western diet.; Increasing evidence indicates that the intra-uterine environment has consequences for later life. However, the mechanisms of this fetal programming remain unclear. We aimed to investigate the impact of diet-induced maternal hypercholesterolemia on the predisposition of offspring to nonalcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD) and metabolic diseases and its underlying mechanisms. Female apolipoprotein (Apo) E-deficient mice were fed a control diet (CD) or high fat/high cholesterol Western-type diet (WD) before and throughout pregnancy and lactation, and their offspring were weaned onto a CD postnatally. Strikingly, male offspring of WD-fed dams developed glucose intolerance and decreased peripheral insulin sensitivity and exhibited hepatic steatosis. Hepatic steatosis could be attributed, at least in part, to increased hepatic lipogenesis in E18.5 embryos and decreased serum VLDL levels in adulthood. In addition, males born to WD-fed dams had lower serum ApoB levels and hepatic ApoB gene expression compared with males born to CD-fed dams. DNA methylation analysis revealed increased methylation of CpG dinucleotides on the promoter region of the ApoB genes in the livers of male offspring of WD-fed dams. Our findings suggest that maternal WD intake can exacerbate the development of NAFLD in male offspring potentially by affecting ApoB gene expression through epigenetic alterations.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose abnormalities in pregnant women with hepatitis C virus infection in British Columbia.; OBJECTIVE: There is evidence to support an association between diabetes mellitus (DM) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. The insulin resistant state of pregnancy suggests a predisposition to developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in women infected with HCV. The aim of this study was to compare the prevalence of GDM and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) of pregnancy between women infected with HCV and the general population of British Columbia screened for GDM. METHODS: The HCV cohort was drawn from a population-based prospective cohort of 148 pregnant women infected with HCV in British Columbia. GDM screening tests were completed in 84 women. The prevalence of GDM and IGT of pregnancy in the general population of British Columbia was estimated by acquiring 24 321 GDM screening tests performed by the two major laboratories in the province. RESULTS: Non-compliance was the primary reason for incomplete screening. The prevalence of GDM was 9.5% in the HCV cohort and 6.8% in the screened general population (chi-square test P = 0.33). Similarly, there was no difference in IGT of pregnancy between the two cohorts (2.4% vs. 3.5%; chi-square test P = 0.57). CONCLUSION: A difference in the prevalence of either GDM or IGT of pregnancy was not detected between HCV-infected patients who were screened for GDM and those screened in the general population. Further studies are required to assess whether HCV infection is an independent risk factor for GDM.
Establishing measurements of subcutaneous and visceral fat area ratio in the early second trimester by magnetic resonance imaging in obese pregnant women.; AIM: Our aim was to establish measurements of subcutaneous fat area ratio (SFAR) and visceral fat area ratio (VFAR) in the early second trimester using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in an obese pregnant cohort. METHODS: Obesity was defined as pre-pregnancy body mass index of 25.0 or more. One hundred and twelve obese pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy gave written informed consent between April 2007 and April 2010. For determining the most suitable MRI slice level, four women lacking MRI slices at the level of L2-3 or L3-4, and two women upon whom MRI was performed at 14 and 19 weeks were excluded, and the remaining 106 women were analyzed. We developed a novel method for calculating SFAR and VFAR at 15-18 weeks using a T₁-weighted spin echo sequence with fluid-attenuated inversion recovery for MRI where fat shows high signal intensity. RESULTS: MRI slices just above the uterine fundus at 15-18 weeks of gestation never included either the fundus or liver, but the other three slices always included either the liver or the uterus. In addition, the mean value of VFAR just above the uterine fundus was significantly larger than those at L2-3, L3-4 and navel position (47.3 ± 1.1% vs 37.3 ± 1.0%, 45.1 ± 1.2%, 45.6 ± 1.2%, respectively [P < 0.001]). CONCLUSION: The most suitable MRI slice level for calculating SFAR and VFAR may be just above the uterine fundus in pregnant women at 15-18 weeks of gestation. The evaluation of clinical significance of visceral adiposity for gestational diabetes mellitus is warranted.
A meta-analysis of the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hepatitis B infection during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Chronic hepatitis B (CHB) infection during pregnancy is associated with insulin resistance. A meta-analytic technique was used to quantify the evidence of an association between CHB infection and the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) among pregnant women. METHODS: We searched PubMed for studies up to September 5th 2013. Additional studies were obtained from other sources. We selected studies using a cohort-study design and reported a quantitative association between CHB infection during pregnancy and risk of GDM. A total of 280 articles were identified, of which fourteen publications involving 439,514 subjects met the inclusion criteria. A sequential algorithm was used to reduce between-study heterogeneity, and further meta-analysis was conducted using a random-effects model. RESULTS: Ten out of the fourteen studies were highly homogeneous, indicating an association of 1.11 [the adjusted odds ratio, 95% confidence interval 0.96-1.28] between CHB infection during pregnancy and the risk of developing GDM. The heterogeneity of the additional four studies may be due to selection bias or possible aetiological differences for special subsets of pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that CHB infection during pregnancy is not associated with an increased risk of developing GDM among pregnant women except those from Iran.
High oleic/stearic fatty-acid desaturation index in cord plasma from infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Enhanced fatty-acid desaturation by stearoyl-CoA desaturase enzyme-1 (SCD1) is associated with obesity. This study determined desaturation in the cord plasma of newborns of mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: Newborns of mothers with GDM (n=21) and without (control, n=22) were recruited. Cord plasma fatty-acid desaturation indices (palmitoleic/palmitic, oleic/stearic ratios) were compared, and correlated with anthropometrics and biochemical measures. A subset of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) desaturation indices were determined to approximate the liver SCD1 activity. RESULT: The total oleic/stearic index was higher in GDM, despite adjustment for cord glucose concentrations. Among GDM and controls, the oleic/stearic index correlated with cord glucose concentrations (rs=0.36, P=0.02). Both palmitoleic/palmitic and oleic/stearic indices correlated with waist circumference (r=0.47, P=0.001; r=0.37, P=0.01). The VLDL oleic/stearic index was higher in GDM. CONCLUSION: The elevated total oleic/stearic index suggests increased lipogenesis in GDM newborns. Factors in addition to glucose supply may influence fetal SCD1 activity.
Increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A population-based cohort study, systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is one of the leading causes of liver transplantation in the West. This study seeks to examine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM. METHODS: We conducted a population-based retrospective matched-controlled cohort study utilising The Health Improvement Network (THIN), a large primary care database representative of the United Kingdom population, between 01/01/1990 to 31/05/2016 followed by systematic review of available literature. The study population included 9640 women with GDM and 31,296 controls without GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Patients with GDM and patients developing NAFLD were identified by clinical codes. RESULTS: The median (range) follow-up duration was similar in women with and without GDM (2.95 (1.21-6.01) vs 2.85 (1.14-5.75) years respectively). Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development in women with vs without GDM was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02), which remained significant after adjustment for wide range of potential confounders (IRR 2.70; 95% CI 1.744-4.19). The risk of NAFLD in GDM remained high (IRR 2.46: 95% CI 1.51-4.00) despite women being censored after they developed type 2 diabetes. The meta-analysis of 3 studies (including the current study) showed increased NAFLD risk in women with vs without GDM (OR 2.60; 95% CI 1.90-3.57, I(2) = 0%). As our study is based on routine clinical diagnosis of NAFLD, this study could potentially have underestimated the risk of NAFLD development. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM are at increased risk of developing NAFLD in their later life compared to women without GDM regardless of the development of type 2 diabetes. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Further studies to identify screening strategies are needed.
Attenuated Effects of Bile Acids on Glucose Metabolism and Insulin Sensitivity in a Male Mouse Model of Prenatal Undernutrition.; Prenatal undernutrition and low birth weight are associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and obesity. Prenatal caloric restriction results in low birth weight, glucose intolerance, obesity, and reduced plasma bile acids (BAs) in offspring mice. Because BAs can regulate systemic metabolism and glucose homeostasis, we hypothesized that BA supplementation could prevent diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in this model of developmental programming. Pregnant dams were food restricted by 50% from gestational days 12.5 to 18.5. Offspring of both undernourished (UN) and control (C) dams given unrestricted diets were weaned to high-fat diets with or without supplementation with 0.25% w/w ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA), yielding four experimental groups: C, UN, C + UDCA, and UN + UDCA. Glucose homeostasis, BA composition, liver and intestinal gene expression, and microbiota composition were analyzed in the four groups. Although UDCA supplementation ameliorated diet-induced obesity in C mice, there was no effect in UN mice. UDCA similarly lowered fasting insulin, and improved glucose tolerance, pyruvate tolerance, and liver steatosis in C, but not UN, animals. BA composition differed significantly, and liver and ileal expression of genes involved in BA metabolism (Cyp7b1, Shp) were differentially induced by UDCA in C vs UN animals. Bacterial taxa in fecal microbiota correlated with treatment groups and metabolic parameters. In conclusion, prenatal undernutrition alters responsiveness to the metabolic benefits of BA supplementation, with resistance to the weight-lowering and insulin-sensitizing effects of UDCA supplementation. Our findings suggest that BA metabolism may be a previously unrecognized contributor to developmentally programmed diabetes risk.
Switching obese mothers to a healthy diet improves fetal hypoxemia, hepatic metabolites, and lipotoxicity in non-human primates.; OBJECTIVE: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) risk begins in utero in offspring of obese mothers. A critical unmet need in this field is to understand the pathways and biomarkers underlying fetal hepatic lipotoxicity and whether maternal dietary intervention during pregnancy is an effective countermeasure. METHODS: We utilized a well-established non-human primate model of chronic, maternal, Western-style diet induced obesity (OB-WSD) compared with mothers on a healthy control diet (CON) or a subset of OB-WSD mothers switched to the CON diet (diet reversal; OB-DR) prior to and for the duration of the next pregnancy. Fetuses were studied in the early 3rd trimester. RESULTS: Fetuses from OB-WSD mothers had higher circulating triglycerides (TGs) and lower arterial oxygenation suggesting hypoxemia, compared with fetuses from CON and OB-DR mothers. Hepatic TG content, oxidative stress (TBARs), and de novo lipogenic genes were increased in fetuses from OB-WSD compared with CON mothers. Fetuses from OB-DR mothers had lower lipogenic gene expression and TBARs yet persistently higher TGs. Metabolomic profiling of fetal liver and serum (umbilical artery) revealed distinct separation of CON and OB-WSD groups, and an intermediate phenotype in fetuses from OB-DR mothers. Pathway analysis identified decreased tricarboxylic acid cycle intermediates, increased amino acid (AA) metabolism and byproducts, and increased gluconeogenesis, suggesting an increased reliance on AA metabolism to meet energy needs in the liver of fetuses from OB-WSD mothers. Components in collagen synthesis, including serum protein 5-hydroxylysine and hepatic lysine and proline, were positively correlated with hepatic TGs and TBARs, suggesting early signs of fibrosis in livers from the OB-WSD group. Importantly, hepatic gluconeogenic and arginine related intermediates and serum levels of lactate, pyruvate, several AAs, and nucleotide intermediates were normalized in the OB-DR group. However, hepatic levels of CDP-choline and total ceramide levels remained high in fetuses from OB-DR mothers. CONCLUSIONS: Our data provide new metabolic evidence that, in addition to fetal hepatic steatosis, maternal WSD creates fetal hypoxemia and increases utilization of AAs for energy production and early activation of gluconeogenic pathways in the fetal liver. When combined with hyperlipidemia and limited antioxidant activity, the fetus suffers from hepatic oxidative stress and altered intracellular metabolism which can be improved with maternal diet intervention. Our data reinforce the concept that multiple "first hits" occur in the fetus prior to development of obesity and demonstrate new biomarkers with potential clinical implications for monitoring NAFLD risk in offspring.
Normalizing adiponectin levels in obese pregnant mice prevents adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring.; Infants of obese mothers have an increased risk of developing obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. The underlying mechanisms remain elusive, and no effective interventions to limit the transmission of metabolic disease from the obese mother to her infant are currently available. Obese pregnant women have decreased circulating levels of adiponectin, which is associated with increased placental nutrient transport and fetal overgrowth. We have reported that normalization of adiponectin levels during late gestation reversed placental dysfunction and fetal overgrowth in a mouse model of maternal obesity in pregnancy. In the current study, we hypothesized that adiponectin supplementation during pregnancy in obese mice attenuates the adverse metabolic outcomes in adult offspring. Adult male offspring of obese mice developed obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance, with adult female offspring of obese mice having a less pronounced metabolic phenotype. These metabolic abnormalities in offspring born to obese mice were largely prevented by normalization of maternal adiponectin levels in late pregnancy. We provide evidence that low circulating maternal adiponectin is a critical mechanistic link between maternal obesity and the development of metabolic disease in offspring. Strategies aimed at improving maternal adiponectin levels may prevent long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring of obese mothers.-Paulsen, M. E., Rosario, F. J., Wesolowski, S. R., Powell, T. L., Jansson, T. Normalizing adiponectin levels in obese pregnant mice prevents adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring.
Maternal HBsAg status and infant size--a Faustian bargain?; Information on the impact of maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection on pregnancy outcome is conflicting. Some studies reported an association with increased infant birthweight, which could be interpreted as advantageous to pregnancy. A retrospective study was performed to compare birthweight outcome between 6261 and 55,817 singleton pregnancies in mothers screened positive and negative for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), respectively. The HBsAg positive women were younger, had higher body mass index (BMI) and incidence of overweight, but less gestational weight gain, and were associated with increased macrosomia (birthweight ≥4000 g) in mothers <35 years (odds ratio, OR, 1.28), BMI ≥25 kg/m(2) (OR 1.24), without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, OR 1.19), and in male infants (OR 1.18). It was also associated with increased large-for-gestational age (LGA, birthweight >90th percentile) infants in nulliparas (OR 1.13), age <35 years (OR 1.12), BMI ≥25 kg/m(2) (OR 1.19), with (OR 1.36) and without (OR 1.09) GDM, and in male infants (OR 1.13). When the effects of high BMI, advanced age, GDM, and male infants were controlled for, positive HBsAg was significantly associated with macrosomic (adjusted odds ratio, aOR, 1.15) and LGA (aOR 1.11) infants. In view of the latest findings on the association between high infant birthweight with increased risk of obesity, diabetes mellitus, and various forms of malignancies from childhood to adulthood, further studies are warranted to determine if maternal hepatitis B infection would impact adversely on the long-term health of the offspring through its effect on increasing birthweight.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-A birth cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. RESULTS: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m(2) vs 26.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). RESULTS: There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9 ± 0.6 vs. 27.9 ± 0.6 kg/m(2), respectively; p = 0.12). Women with previous GDM had higher fasting and 2 h glucose concentrations following a 75 g OGTT ([mean ± SEM] fasting glucose 5.3 ± 0.1 vs. 5.1 ± 0.1 mmol/l, p = 0.02; 2 h glucose 6.8 ± 0.2 vs. 5.8 ± 0.3 mmol/l, p = 0.02), dyslipidaemia (LDL-cholesterol 3.3 ± 0.1 vs. 2.8 ± 0.1 mmol/l; HDL-cholesterol [median {interquartile range}] 1.3 [1.2-1.6] vs. 1.8 [1.5-1.9] mmol/l; triacylglycerol 1.3 [0.9-1.6] vs. 1.0 [0.7-1.7] mmol/l, all p ≤ 0.03), higher insulin secretion and lower insulin sensitivity. NAFLD prevalence was greater in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM: 38% (95% CI 28-47%) vs. 17% (95% CI 10-24%), p = 0.001. In multiple logistic regression analysis, lower insulin sensitivity and raised serum alanine transaminase concentrations were associated with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: NAFLD is prevalent in European women with previous GDM. Impaired insulin sensitivity and increased liver transaminase activity are closely associated with NAFLD in these women.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. METHODS: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). RESULTS: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = -0.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort.
Improved rodent maternal metabolism but reduced intrauterine growth after vertical sleeve gastrectomy.; Obesity has profound negative consequences on female reproduction as well as on the metabolic health of offspring. Bariatric surgery is the most effective method for sustained weight loss. A critical question is whether bariatric surgery can reverse the deleterious effects of obesity on both female reproduction and subsequent offspring. Vertical sleeve gastrectomy (VSG) is a bariatric procedure rapidly growing in popularity because it provides weight loss and other metabolic benefits that are comparable to those offered by the more complicated Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). Female rats rendered obese on a high-fat diet (HFD) underwent either VSG or sham surgery. Like their male counterparts, females had significant metabolic improvements including reduced adiposity and improved glucose tolerance. After VSG, female rats showed a more normal reproductive cycle. Despite these maternal benefits, the offspring of dams receiving VSG were born smaller and lighter than offspring of control dams that underwent sham surgery. When maintained on an HFD after puberty, these adult offspring had a greater propensity to develop glucose intolerance and increased adiposity than the offspring of lean mothers or obese mothers who underwent sham surgery. These data suggest that weight loss alone by obese mothers is not sufficient to reverse the deleterious effects of an HFD and obesity on their offspring.
Maternal taurine supplementation attenuates maternal fructose-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysregulation and partially reverses adverse metabolic programming in offspring.; Excessive fructose consumption is associated with insulin resistance (IR) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and high fructose intake during pregnancy can lead to compromised fetal development in the rat. Evidence suggests that the amino acid taurine can ameliorate fructose-induced IR and NAFLD in nonpregnant animals. This study investigated the efficacy of taurine supplementation on maternal fructose-induced metabolic dysfunction and neonatal health. Time-mated Wistar rats were randomized to four groups during pregnancy and lactation: (a) control diet (CON), (b) CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CT), (c) CON supplemented with fructose solution (F) and (d) F supplemented with taurine (FT). Maternal and neonatal weights, plasma cytokines and hepatic gene expression were analyzed. Maternal hyperinsulinemia, increased homeostasis model assessment of IR indices and elevated proinflammatory cytokines were observed in F group and normalized in FT group. Maternal fructose-induced hepatic steatosis accompanied with increased liver weight was ameliorated with taurine supplementation. Maternal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c and fatty acid synthase expression was significantly increased in the F group compared to the CON, CT and FT groups. Neonatal hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase expression was increased in male F neonates compared to the CON, CT and FT groups and was increased in female F and FT neonates compared to CON and CT. Interleukin-1β expression was decreased in male CT and FT neonates compared to other male groups. Hepatic tumour necrosis factor receptor-1 was lower in the male FT group than the F group. These results demonstrate that maternal taurine supplementation can partially reverse fructose-induced maternal metabolic dysfunction and may ameliorate adverse developmental programming effects in offspring in a sex-specific manner.
Perinatal outcome in normal pregnant women with incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the perinatal outcomes of women who suffered from thrombocytopenia at delivery but did not have other diseases during pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We considered all singleton deliveries after 24 weeks of gestation at Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan between 2001 and 2010. Women were excluded from this study if they suffered from any of the following conditions: chronic hypertension, hepatitis, acute fatty liver, liver cirrhosis, nephropathy, overt diabetes mellitus, connective tissue disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, or immune thrombocytopenia. Pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or fetal anomalies during gestation were also excluded. A total of 18,384 deliveries were included for analysis. Women were divided into three groups according to platelet count at admission. RESULTS: A total of 787 pregnancies (4.3%) were complicated by thrombocytopenia. Thrombocytopenic women had a significantly higher rate of cesarean delivery compared to women who did not have this condition. No other differences were observed among these three groups regarding the rates of adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate that women who suffered from incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery but did not have other diseases during pregnancy were not at increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes.
One Year's Treatment with the Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 Receptor Agonist Liraglutide Decreases Hepatic Fat Content in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial.; Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Treatment with glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists has shown beneficial effects in NAFLD patients. We evaluated the effect of the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide on NAFLD features in women with pGDM. Eighty-two overweight/obese, nondiabetic women with pGDM were included. We performed abdominal ultrasound, transient elastography with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), and blood sampling at baseline and after 1 year. Thirty-seven women were randomized to liraglutide (1.8 mg once-daily) and 45 to placebo. Based on the ultrasound scan, 18 women (22%) had ultrasound-verified NAFLD at baseline and of these, 10 (56%) received liraglutide treatment. After 1 year, eight participants no longer had steatosis, four in each treatment group. The number of participants who developed NAFLD was similar in the two treatment groups; five in the liraglutide group and six in the placebo group (p = 0.74). Compared to placebo, liraglutide reduced the CAP-assessed intrahepatic fat content (-28 (-44;-11) vs. 2 (-13;18) dB/m, p < 0.01) and body weight (-4.7 (-6.4;-2.9) vs. -1.4 (-3;0.3) kg, p < 0.01). One-year's liraglutide treatment had no effect on the presence of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD in overweight/obese nondiabetic women with pGDM, but reduced body weight and steatosis assessed by transient elastography with CAP.
Sex-dependent changes in lipid metabolism, PPAR pathways and microRNAs that target PPARs in the fetal liver of rats with gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent disease that impairs fetal metabolism and development. We have previously characterized a rat model of GDM induced by developmental programming. Here, we analyzed lipid content, the levels of the three PPAR isotypes and the expression of microRNAs that regulate PPARs expression in the liver of male and female fetuses of control and GDM rats on day 21 of pregnancy. We found increased levels of triglycerides and cholesterol in the livers of male fetuses of GDM rats compared to controls, and, oppositely, reduced levels of triglycerides, cholesterol, phospholipids and free fatty acids in the livers of female fetuses of GDM rats compared to controls. Although GDM did not change PPARα levels in male and female fetal livers, PPARγ was increased in the liver of male fetuses of GDM rats, a change that occurred in parallel to a reduction in the expression of miR-130, a microRNA that targets PPARγ. In livers of female fetuses of GDM rats, no changes in PPARγ and miR-130 were evidenced, but PPARδ was increased, a change that occurred in parallel to a reduction in the expression of miR-9, a microRNA that targets PPARδ, and was unchanged in the liver of male fetuses of GDM and control rats. These results show clear sex-dependent changes in microRNAs that target different PPAR isotypes in relation to changes in the levels of their targets and the differential regulation of lipid metabolism evidenced in fetal livers of GDM pregnancies.
Genetic variation in TCF7L2 rs7903146 and history of GDM negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Risk allele carriers at TCF7L2 rs7903146 have increased susceptibility for both GDM and T2DM. We hypothesized that carrying TCF7L2 risk alleles would further aggravate the negative impact of a positive history for GDM on metabolic traits related to T2DM later in life. METHODS: 210 women with a confirmed history of gestational diabetes and 810 controls without evidence for GDM underwent standardized 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT). Liver fat was quantified in a subset of subjects (n = 444) using magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS: 504 women were homozygous or heterozygous risk allele carriers. The risk allele carriers had a higher risk for GDM (p = 0.0076, OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.11-2.06). Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated that both a history of GDM, or carrying a TCF7L2 risk allele resulted in lower insulin secretion, impaired proinsulin processing and higher fasting and 2-hour glucose levels. Liver fat content was not associated with either a history of GDM or a TCF7L2 risk genotype. There was no significant interaction (all p > 0.05) between history of GDM and TCF7L2 risk alleles on all diabetes-associated metabolic traits tested. CONCLUSION: The TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism is a risk factor for gestational diabetes. However, the additional presence of TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk alleles does not further aggravate the negative impact of a history of gestational diabetes on metabolic traits related to T2DM.
Islet hyperplasia in callitrichids.; Five callitrichids (three common marmosets -Callithrix jacchus -, a black tufted-eared marmoset -C. penicillata-, and a saddle-back tamarin -Saguinus fuscicollis) were diagnosed with islet hyperplasia by histopathology and immunohistochemistry. All were privately-owned, unrelated callitrichids ranging from 2- to 4-year-old. Relevant findings were anorexia (3/5), vomiting (2/5), ptyalism (1/5), polyuria/polydipsia (1/5), respiratory distress (1/5), hyperglycemia (2/3) and glycosuria (1/1); hyperglycemia and glycosuria were associated with pregnancy in a common marmoset and resolved after reducing simple carbohydrates in diet. All five animals died, three of them after few premonitory signs; in two cases, other concurrent diseases unrelated to islet hyperplasia were considered the cause of death. Additional animals from two facilities had high weight (4), physical obesity (3), polyuria/polydipsia/polyphagia/uriposia (1), hyperglycemia (1), and/or glycosuria (2). Pathologic findings in the deceased callitrichids were: islet hyperplasia (5/5); hemosiderosis (5/5); lipomatosis (4/5) of several tissues (atria, 3/5; pancreas, gall bladder, intestine, esophagus, and thyroid, 2/5; liver, 1/5); pancreatic necrosis or steatonecrosis, and/or acute pancreatitis (3/5); and vacuolation of hepatocytes and renal tubular cells most likely consistent with hepatorenal lipidosis (2/5). The islets of Langerhans were more numerous and larger than in a control, and morphologically normal in all cases, except in a common marmoset that had a few cells with a foamy cytoplasm and shrunken hyperchromatic or picknotic nucleus. Insulin (5/5), glucagon (3/5), and somatostatin (3/5) immunohistochemistry revealed that most cells stained positively for insulin diffusely in their cytoplasm (5/5) (staining restricted to the vascular pole of b-cells in the control). These findings suggest that obesity, insulin resistance and/or type II diabetes may be implicated and thus a prospective study on these diseases in callitrichids is necessary to determine their etiopathogenesis.
Programming Skeletal Muscle Metabolic Flexibility in Offspring of Male Rats in Response to Maternal Consumption of Slow Digesting Carbohydrates during Pregnancy.; Skeletal muscle plays a relevant role in metabolic flexibility and fuel usage and the associated muscle metabolic inflexibility due to high-fat diets contributing to obesity and type 2 diabetes. Previous research from our group indicates that a high-fat and rapid-digesting carbohydrate diet during pregnancy promotes an excessive adipogenesis and also increases the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the offspring. This effect can be counteracted by diets containing carbohydrates with similar glycemic load but lower digestion rates. To address the role of the skeletal muscle in these experimental settings, pregnant rats were fed high-fat diets containing carbohydrates with similar glycemic load but different digestion rates, a high fat containing rapid-digesting carbohydrates diet (HF/RD diet) or a high fat containing slow-digesting carbohydrates diet (HF/SD diet). After weaning, male offspring were fed a standard diet for 3 weeks (weaning) or 10 weeks (adolescence) and the impact of the maternal HF/RD and HF/SD diets on the metabolism, signaling pathways and muscle transcriptome was analyzed. The HF/SD offspring displayed better muscle features compared with the HF/RD group, showing a higher muscle mass, myosin content and differentiation markers that translated into a greater grip strength. In the HF/SD group, metabolic changes such as a higher expression of fatty acids (FAT/CD36) and glucose (GLUT4) transporters, an enhanced glycogen content, as well as changes in regulatory enzymes such as muscle pyruvate kinase and pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 were found, supporting an increased muscle metabolic flexibility and improved muscle performance. The analysis of signaling pathways was consistent with a better insulin sensitivity in the muscle of the HF/SD group. Furthermore, increased expression of genes involved in pathways leading to muscle differentiation, muscle mass regulation, extracellular matrix content and insulin sensitivity were detected in the HF/SD group when compared with HF/RD animals. In the HF/SD group, the upregulation of the ElaV1/HuR gene could be one of the main regulators in the positive effects of the diet in early programming on the offspring. The long-lasting programming effects of the HF/SD diet during pregnancy may depend on a coordinated gene regulation, modulation of signaling pathways and metabolic flexibility that lead to an improved muscle functionality. The dietary early programming associated to HF/SD diet has synergic and positive crosstalk effects in several tissues, mainly muscle, liver and adipose tissue, contributing to maintain the whole body homeostasis in the offspring.
Maternal obesity has sex-dependent effects on insulin, glucose and lipid metabolism and the liver transcriptome in young adult rat offspring.; KEY POINTS: Maternal high-fat diet consumption predisposes to metabolic dysfunction in male and female offspring at young adulthood. Maternal obesity programs non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a sex-dependent manner. We demonstrate sex-dependent liver transcriptome profiles in rat offspring of obese mothers. In this study, we focused on pathways related to insulin, glucose and lipid signalling. These results improve understanding of the mechanisms by which a maternal high-fat diet affects the offspring. ABSTRACT: Maternal obesity (MO) predisposes offspring (F1) to obesity, insulin resistance (IR) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). MO's effects on the F1 liver transcriptome are poorly understood. We used RNA-seq to determine the liver transcriptome of male and female F1 of MO and control-fed mothers. We hypothesized that MO-F1 are predisposed to sex-dependent adult liver dysfunction. Female Wistar rat mothers ate a control (C) or obesogenic (MO) diet from the time they were weaned through breeding at postnatal day (PND) 120, delivery and lactation. After weaning, all male and female F1 ate a control diet. At PND 110, F1 serum, liver and fat were collected to analyse metabolites, histology and liver differentially expressed genes. Male and female MO-F1 showed increased adiposity index, triglycerides, insulin and homeostatic model assessment vs. C-F1 with similar body weight and glucose serum concentrations. MO-F1 males presented greater physiological and histological NAFLD characteristics than MO-F1 females. RNA-seq revealed 1365 genes significantly changed in male MO-F1 liver and only 70 genes in female MO-F1 compared with controls. GO and KEGG analysis identified differentially expressed genes related to metabolic processes. Male MO-F1 liver showed the following altered pathways: insulin signalling (22 genes), phospholipase D signalling (14 genes), NAFLD (13 genes) and glycolysis/gluconeogenesis (7 genes). In contrast, few genes were altered in these pathways in MO-F1 females. In summary, MO programs sex-dependent F1 changes in insulin, glucose and lipid signalling pathways, leading to liver dysfunction and insulin resistance.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
A Western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice.; KEY POINTS: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy, although their effects on the metabolism of the mother, in relation to feto-placental glucose utilization and growth, are unknown. In the present study, the consumption of an obesogenic HFHS diet compromised maternal glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy in association with dysregulated lipid and glucose handling by the dam. These maternal metabolic changes induced by HFHS feeding were related to altered feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume obesogenic diets during pregnancy. ABSTRACT: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy. However, the impacts of a HFHS diet during pregnancy on maternal insulin sensitivity and signalling in relation to feto-placental growth and glucose utilization are unknown. The present study examined the effects of a HFHS diet during mouse pregnancy on maternal glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, as well as, on feto-placental glucose metabolism. Female mice were fed a control or HFHS diet from day (D) 1 of pregnancy (term = D20.5). At D16 or D19, dams were assessed for body composition, metabolite and hormone concentrations, tissue abundance of growth and metabolic signalling pathways, glucose tolerance and utilization and insulin sensitivity. HFHS feeding perturbed maternal insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy; hepatic insulin sensitivity was higher, whereas sensitivity of the skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue was lower in HFHS than control dams. These changes were accompanied by increased adiposity and reduced glucose production and glucose tolerance of HFHS dams. The HFHS diet also disturbed the hormone and metabolite milieu and altered expression of growth and metabolic signalling pathways in maternal tissues. Furthermore, HFHS feeding was associated with impaired feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume HFHS diets during pregnancy.
Non-esterified fatty acid dynamics during oral glucose tolerance test in women with former gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Women with former gestational diabetes are at increased risk of Type 2 diabetes, which likely relates to hyperlipidaemia and ectopic lipid storage, mainly in the liver. Here, we examined the response of non-esterified fatty acid dynamics to oral glucose loading (oral glucose tolerance test). METHODS: We studied women with former gestational diabetes with normal glucose tolerance (n = 60) or impaired glucose metabolism (n = 12) and compared them with healthy women after normal pregnancy (control subjects, n = 15). During a 3-h oral glucose tolerance test, glucose, insulin and non-esterified fatty acid were frequently measured to compute the area under the non-esterified fatty acid curve and parameters of β-cell function and insulin sensitivity. Through mathematical modelling, we assessed insulin sensitivity of lipolysis inhibition and the fractional non-esterified fatty acid turnover rate. We also measured some serum liver enzymes. RESULTS: Women with former gestational diabetes were slightly older and had greater body mass than control subjects. Subjects with impaired glucose metabolism had lower oral glucose insulin sensitivity, but higher fasting insulin and area under the non-esterified fatty acid curve, which inversely related to oral glucose insulin sensitivity and independently determined mean glycaemia. Model-derived non-esterified fatty acid parameters were lower in subjects with impaired glucose metabolism than in control subjects, particularly sensitivity of non-esterified fatty acid inhibition to insulin (2.50 ± 0.52 vs. 1.06 ± 0.20 · 10(-2) ml/μU). Also, subjects with impaired glucose metabolism had higher liver transaminases. However, all non-esterified fatty acid parameters showed only modest inverse correlation with liver transaminases. CONCLUSIONS: Despite greater insulinaemia, circulating non-esterified fatty acids are higher in women with former gestational diabetes than in control subjects, which likely results from reduced sensitivity of lipolysis inhibition to insulin. This parameter may serve as indicator of an early metabolic derangement in this population at risk for diabetes.
Early life high-fat diet exposure maintains glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity with a fatty liver and small brain size in the adult offspring.; Diet during pregnancy has long lasting consequences on the offspring, warranting a study on the impact of early exposure to a high fat diet on the adult offspring. We hypothesized that a prenatal n-6 enriched diet will have adverse metabolic outcomes on the adult offspring that may be reversed with a postnatal n-3 enriched diet. To test this hypothesis, we examined the adult offspring from three groups: (1) n-6 group: during gestation and lactation, dams consumed an n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched diet, (2) n-3 group: gestational n-6 diet was followed by an n-3 enriched diet during lactation, and (3) a control (CD) group that received standard diet throughout gestation and lactation. Offspring from all groups weaned to a control diet ad libitum. Beginning at postnatal day 2 (P < .03) and persisting at 360 days in males (P < .04), an increase in hypothalamic AgRP expression occurred in the n-6 and n-3 groups, with an increase in food intake (P = .01), and the n-3 group displaying lower body (P < .03) and brain (P < .05) weights. At 360 days, the n-6 and n-3 groups remained glucose tolerant and insulin sensitive, with increased phosphorylated-AMP-activated protein kinase (P < .05). n-6 group developed hepatic steatosis with reduced hepatic reflected as higher plasma microRNA-122 (P < .04) that targets pAMPK. We conclude that early life exposure to n-6 and n-3 led to hypothalamic AgRP-related higher food intake, with n-6 culminating in a fatty liver partially mitigated by postnatal n-3. While both diets preserved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, postnatal n-3 displayed detrimental effects on the brain.
Transcription profiling in the liver of undernourished male rat offspring reveals altered lipid metabolism pathways and predisposition to hepatic steatosis.; Clinical and animal studies have reported an association between low birth weight and the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Using a model of prenatal maternal 70% food restriction diet (FR30) in the rat, we previously showed that maternal undernutrition predisposes offspring to altered lipid metabolism in adipose tissue, especially on a high-fat (HF) diet. Here, using microarray-based expression profiling combined with metabolic, endocrine, biochemical, histological, and lipidomic approaches, we assessed whether FR30 procedure sensitizes adult male offspring to impaired lipid metabolism in the liver. No obvious differences were noted in the concentrations of triglycerides, cholesterol, and bile acids in the liver of 4-mo-old FR30 rats whichever postweaning diet was used. However, several clues suggest that offspring's lipid metabolism and steatosis are modified by maternal undernutrition. First, lipid composition was changed (i.e., higher total saturated fatty acids and lower elaidic acid) in the liver, whereas larger triglyceride droplets were observed in hepatocytes of undernourished rats. Second, FR30 offspring exhibited long-term impact on hepatic gene expression and lipid metabolism pathways on a chow diet. Although the transcriptome profile was globally modified by maternal undernutrition, cholesterol and bile acid biosynthesis pathways appear to be key targets, indicating that FR30 animals were predisposed to impaired hepatic cholesterol metabolism. Third, the FR30 protocol markedly modifies hepatic gene transcription profiles in undernourished offspring in response to postweaning HF. Overall, FR30 offspring may exhibit impaired metabolic flexibility, which does not enable them to properly cope with postweaning nutritional challenges influencing the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver.
Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations associate with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adolescents independent of adiposity.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (s25[OH]D) concentrations are both associated with adiposity and insulin resistance (IR) and thus may be pathogenically linked. We aimed to determine the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency in adolescents with NAFLD and to investigate the prospective and cross-sectional associations between s25[OH]D concentrations and NAFLD. METHODS: Participants in the population-based West Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort had seasonally adjusted s25(OH)D concentrations determined at ages 14 and then 17 years. NAFLD was diagnosed at 17 years using liver ultrasonography. Associations were examined after adjusting for potential confounders. Odds ratios (ORs) and confidence intervals (CIs) are reported per standard deviation in s25(OH)D concentrations. RESULTS: NAFLD was present in 16% (156/994) of adolescents. The majority of participants with NAFLD had either insufficient (51%) or deficient (17%) vitamin D status. s25(OH)D concentrations at 17 years were inversely associated with risk of NAFLD (OR 0.74, 95% CI 0.56, 0.97; P = 0.029), after adjusting for sex, race, physical activity, television/computer viewing, body mass index, and IR. The effect of s25(OH)D concentrations at 17 years was minimally affected after further adjusting for s25(OH)D concentrations at 14 years (OR 0.76, 95% CI 0.56, 1.03; P = 0.072). CONCLUSIONS: Lower s25(OH)D concentrations are significantly associated with NAFLD, independent of adiposity and IR. Screening for vitamin D deficiency in adolescents at risk of NAFLD is appropriate, and clinical trials investigating the effect of vitamin D supplementation in the prevention and treatment of NAFLD may be warranted.
Excess Maternal Fructose Consumption Increases Fetal Loss and Impairs Endometrial Decidualization in Mice.; The most significant increase in metabolic syndrome over the previous decade occurred in women of reproductive age, which is alarming given that metabolic syndrome is associated with reproductive problems including subfertility and early pregnancy loss. Individuals with metabolic syndrome often consume excess fructose, and several studies have concluded that excess fructose intake contributes to metabolic syndrome development. Here, we examined the effects of increased fructose consumption on pregnancy outcomes in mice. Female mice fed a high-fructose diet (HFrD) for 6 weeks developed glucose intolerance and mild fatty liver but did not develop other prominent features of metabolic syndrome such as weight gain, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia. Upon mating, HFrD-exposed mice had lower pregnancy rates and smaller litters at midgestation than chow-fed controls. To explain this phenomenon, we performed artificial decidualization experiments and found that HFrD consumption impaired decidualization. This appeared to be due to decreased circulating progesterone as exogenous progesterone administration rescued decidualization. Furthermore, HFrD intake was associated with decreased bone morphogenetic protein 2 expression and signaling, both of which were restored by exogenous progesterone. Finally, expression of forkhead box O1 and superoxide dismutase 2 [Mn] proteins were decreased in the uteri of HFrD-fed mice, suggesting that HFrD consumption promotes a prooxidative environment in the endometrium. In summary, these data suggest that excess fructose consumption impairs murine fertility by decreasing steroid hormone synthesis and promoting an adverse uterine environment.
Association of maternal diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index with offspring indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about early life determinants of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We examined associations of maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) with offspring markers of NAFLD and liver pathology and examined mediation by birthweight and concurrent offspring adiposity. METHODS: We used data from a UK prospective pregnancy cohort. Offspring underwent abdominal ultrasonography (USS) at mean age 17.8 years. Outcomes included USS-assessed fatty liver, estimated liver volume and shear velocity, a variant of elastography (a marker of liver fibrosis) (N = 1 215) and blood-based markers of liver pathology [alanine amino transferase, aspartate amino transferase, gamma- glutamyltransferase and haptoglobin] (N = 2 359). RESULTS: 2.1 % (N = 25) of participants had USS-assessed fatty liver [maternal diabetes/glycosuria (N = 7) and no diabetes/glycosuria (N = 18)]. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver in confounder adjusted models [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.74 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 2.47, 18.40)] and higher shear velocity [adjusted ratio of geometric mean (aRGM):1.10 (95 % CI 1.05, 1.15)]. These associations were not mediated by offspring birthweight or concurrent adiposity. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was not associated with liver volume or blood-based outcomes. Greater maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver [aOR 2.72 (95 % CI: 1.20, 6.15)], higher liver volume [aRGM 1.03 (95 % CI 1.00, 1.07)] and shear velocity [aRGM1.03 (95 % CI: 1.01, 1.06)] in confounder adjusted models. These associations were largely mediated by offspring adiposity. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was not consistently associated with blood-based outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria is associated with offspring NAFLD through mechanisms other than offspring's own adiposity.
N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Decrease Long-Term Diabetic Risk of Offspring of Gestational Diabetes Rats by Postponing Shortening of Hepatic Telomeres and Modulating Liver Metabolism.; The long-term influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring and the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on GDM offspring are poorly understood. We studied the long-term diabetic risk in GDM offspring and evaluated the effect of n-3 PUFA intervention. Healthy offspring rats were fed standard diet (soybean oil) after weaning. GDM offspring were divided into three groups: GDM offspring (soybean oil), n-3 PUFA adequate offspring (fish oil), and n-3 PUFA deficient offspring (safflower oil), fed up to 11 months old. The diabetic risk of GDM offspring gradually increased from no change at weaning to obvious impaired glucose and insulin tolerance at 11 months old. N-3 PUFA decreased oxidative stress and inflammation in the liver of older GDM offspring. There was a differential effect of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA on hepatic telomere length in GDM offspring. Non-targeted metabolomics showed that n-3 PUFA played a modulating role in the liver, in which numerous metabolites and metabolic pathways were altered when GDM offspring grew to old age. Many metabolites were related to diabetes risk, such as α-linolenic acid, palmitic acid, ceramide, oxaloacetic acid, tocotrienol, tetrahydro-11-deoxycortisol, andniacinamide. In summary, GDM offspring exhibited obvious diabetes risk at old age, whereas n-3 PUFA decreased this risk.
Interactions among insulin resistance, inflammation factors, obesity-related gene polymorphisms, environmental risk factors, and diet in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to investigate the correlations and interactions between the polymorphisms of insulin resistance-related genes (ADIPOQ rs2241766), inflammation factors (TNF-α rs1800629, IL-6 rs1800795), obesity-related genes (GNB3 rs5443, ADRB rs1042714), and risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) such as diet structure in the development of GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This research was conducted among women who visited the third-affiliate hospital of Zhengzhou University for pregnancy checkups from 1 June 2014 to 30 December 2014. Based on the results of a 75-g glucose tolerance test (OGTT), 140 pregnant women with GDM were randomly selected as a part of the GDM group and140 healthy, pregnant women as part of the control group. Relevant clinical and laboratory data for the child and the mother including her pregnancy outcomes and the delivery mode were collected for the epidemiological survey. RESULTS: The results showed that risk factors for GDM are advanced age, the hepatitis B virus, family history of diabetes, high body mass index before pregnancy, and weight gain of ≥10 kg before 24-week gestation. We found that diet structures were severely unbalanced. The polymorphisms rs2241766 and rs5443 were found to potentially be associated with GDM; moreover, a positive interaction was demonstrated between rs2241766 and age, and a negative interaction was demonstrated with weight gain of ≥10 kg before 24-week gestation. CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrate that both environmental risk factors and genetic background contribute to the development of GDM.
Maternal high-fat diet consumption modulates hepatic lipid metabolism and microRNA-122 (miR-122) and microRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in offspring.; Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and lactation is closely related to hepatic lipid accumulation, insulin resistance and increased serum cytokine levels in offspring and into their adulthood. MicroRNA (miRNA) have been implicated in cholesterol biosynthesis and fatty acid metabolism. We evaluated the modulation of hepatic fatty acid synthesis (de novo), β-oxidation pathways, and miRNA-122 (miR-122) and miRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in recently weaned offspring (day 28) of mouse dams fed a HFD (HFD-O) or a standard chow (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. Compared with SC-O mice, HFD-O mice weighed more, had a larger adipose tissue mass and were more intolerant to glucose and insulin (P< 0·05). HFD-O mice also presented more levels of serum cholesterol, TAG, NEFA and hepatic IκB kinase and c-Jun N-terminal kinase phosphorylation compared with SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Protein levels of fatty acid synthase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase and 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase were similar in HFD-O and SC-O mice, whereas expression levels of SCD1 mRNA and protein were more abundant in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Interestingly, mRNA expression levels of the β-oxidation-related genes ACADVL and CPT1 were decreased in HFD-O mice (P< 0·05). Furthermore, the expression of miR-122 was reduced but that of miR-370 was increased in HFD-O mice compared with that in SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Changes in hepatic lipid metabolism were accompanied by increased mRNA content of AGPAT1 and TAG deposition in HFD-O mice (P< 0·05). Taken together, the present results strongly suggest that maternal consumption of a HFD affects the early lipid metabolism of offspring by modulating the expression of hepatic β-oxidation-related genes and miRNA that can contribute to metabolic disturbances in adult life.
Loss of Par-1a/MARK3/C-TAK1 kinase leads to reduced adiposity, resistance to hepatic steatosis, and defective gluconeogenesis.; Par-1 is an evolutionarily conserved protein kinase required for polarity in worms, flies, frogs, and mammals. The mammalian Par-1 family consists of four members. Knockout studies of mice implicate Par-1b/MARK2/EMK in regulating fertility, immune homeostasis, learning, and memory as well as adiposity, insulin hypersensitivity, and glucose metabolism. Here, we report phenotypes of mice null for a second family member (Par-1a/MARK3/C-TAK1) that exhibit increased energy expenditure, reduced adiposity with unaltered glucose handling, and normal insulin sensitivity. Knockout mice were protected against high-fat diet-induced obesity and displayed attenuated weight gain, complete resistance to hepatic steatosis, and improved glucose handling with decreased insulin secretion. Overnight starvation led to complete hepatic glycogen depletion, associated hypoketotic hypoglycemia, increased hepatocellular autophagy, and increased glycogen synthase levels in Par-1a(-/-) but not in control or Par-1b(-/-) mice. The intercrossing of Par-1a(-/-) with Par-1b(-/-) mice revealed that at least one of the four alleles is necessary for embryonic survival. The severity of phenotypes followed a rank order, whereby the loss of one Par-1b allele in Par-1a(-/-) mice conveyed milder phenotypes than the loss of one Par-1a allele in Par-1b(-/-) mice. Thus, although Par-1a and Par-1b can compensate for one another during embryogenesis, their individual disruption gives rise to distinct metabolic phenotypes in adult mice.
Gestational diabetes insipidus and intrauterine fetal death of monochorionic twins.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder. The onset is usually in the third trimester of pregnancy. We present a 24-year-old primigravida in her 35th week of a monochorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancy. The patient presented with intrauterine death of both twins accompanied by HELLP syndrome, hypernatremia and hemoconcentration. Urine osmolality below that of the plasma suggested GDI. 1-deamino-8D-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP) treatment was started with a quick response. GDI is probably the result of excessive activity of placental vasopressinase. In cases of liver dysfunction, the clearance rate of vasopressinase decreases, explaining the association of GDI with acute fatty liver and HELLP syndrome. Alert to this diagnosis, its evaluation and treatment is important.
Polymerase I and transcript release factor (PTRF) regulates adipocyte differentiation and determines adipose tissue expandability.; Impaired adipogenesis renders an adipose tissue unable to expand, leading to lipotoxicity and conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. While factors important for adipogenesis have been studied extensively, those that set the limits of adipose tissue expansion remain undetermined. Feeding a Western-type diet to apolipoprotein E2 knock-in mice, a model of metabolic syndrome, produced 3 groups of equally obese mice: mice with normal glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemic yet glucose-tolerant mice, and prediabetic mice with impaired glucose tolerance and reduced circulating insulin. Using proteomics, we compared subcutaneous adipose tissues from mice in these groups and found that the expression of PTRF (polymerase I and transcript release factor) associated selectively with their glucose tolerance status. Lentiviral and pharmacologically overexpressed PTRF, whose function is critical for caveola formation, compromised adipocyte differentiation of cultured 3T3-L1cells. In human adipose tissue, PTRF mRNA levels positively correlated with markers of lipolysis and cellular senescence. Furthermore, a negative relationship between telomere length and PTRF mRNA levels was observed in human subcutaneous fat. PTRF is associated with limited adipose tissue expansion underpinning the key role of caveolae in adipocyte regulation. Furthermore, PTRF may be a suitable adipocyte marker for predicting pathological obesity and inform clinical management.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors-alpha and gamma are targets to treat offspring from maternal diet-induced obesity in mice.; AIM: The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)alpha and PPARgamma by Bezafibrate (BZ) could attenuate hepatic and white adipose tissue (WAT) abnormalities in male offspring from diet-induced obese dams. MATERIALS AND METHODS: C57BL/6 female mice were fed a standard chow (SC; 10% lipids) diet or a high-fat (HF; 49% lipids) diet for 8 weeks before mating and during gestation and lactation periods. Male offspring received SC diet at weaning and were subdivided into four groups: SC, SC/BZ, HF and HF/BZ. Treatment with BZ (100 mg/Kg diet) started at 12 weeks of age and was maintained for three weeks. RESULTS: The HF diet resulted in an overweight phenotype and an increase in oral glucose intolerance and fasting glucose of dams. The HF offspring showed increased body mass, higher levels of plasmatic and hepatic triglycerides, higher levels of pro-inflammatory and lower levels of anti-inflammatory adipokines, impairment of glucose metabolism, abnormal fat pad mass distribution, higher number of larger adipocytes, hepatic steatosis, higher expression of lipogenic proteins concomitant to decreased expression of PPARalpha and carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT-1) in liver, and diminished expression of PPARgamma and adiponectin in WAT. Treatment with BZ ameliorated the hepatic and WAT abnormalities generated by diet-induced maternal obesity, with improvements observed in the structural, biochemical and molecular characteristics of the animals' livers and epididymal fat. CONCLUSION: Diet-induced maternal obesity lead to alterations in metabolism, hepatic lipotoxicity and adverse liver and WAT remodeling in the offspring. Targeting PPAR with Bezafibrate has beneficial effects reducing the alterations, mainly through reduction of WAT inflammatory state through PPARgamma activation and enhanced hepatic beta-oxidation due to increased PPARalpha/PPARgamma ratio in liver.
Effect of diet in females (F1) from prenatally undernourished mothers on metabolism and liver function in the F2 progeny is sex-specific.; PURPOSE: Poor maternal nutrition sensitises to the development of metabolic diseases and obesity in adulthood over several generations. The prevalence increases when offspring is fed with a high-fat (HF) diet after weaning. This study aims to determine whether such metabolic profiles can be transmitted to the second generation and even aggravated when the mothers were exposed to overnutrition, with attention to potential sex differences. METHODS: Pregnant Wistar rats were subjected to ad libitum (control) or 70% food-restricted diet (FR) during gestation (F0). At weaning, F1 females were allocated to three food protocols: (1) standard diet prior to and throughout gestation and lactation, (2) HF diet prior to and standard diet throughout gestation and lactation, and (3) HF diet prior to and throughout gestation and lactation. F2 offspring was studied between 16 and 32 weeks of age. RESULTS: FR-F2 offspring on standard diet showed normal adiposity and had no significant metabolic alterations in adulthood. Maternal HF diet resulted in sex-specific effects with metabolic disturbances more apparent in control offspring exposed to HF diet during gestation and lactation. Control offspring displayed glucose intolerance associated with insulin resistance in females. Female livers overexpressed lipogenesis genes and those of males the genes involved in lipid oxidation. Gene expression was significantly attenuated in the FR livers. Increased physical activity associated with elevated corticosterone levels was observed in FR females on standard diet and in all females from overnourished mothers. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal undernutrition during gestation (F0) improves the metabolic health of second-generation offspring with more beneficial effects in females.
Prenatal and postnatal pathways to obesity: different underlying mechanisms, different metabolic outcomes.; Obesity and type 2 diabetes are worldwide health issues. The present paper investigates prenatal and postnatal pathways to obesity, identifying different metabolic outcomes with different effects on insulin sensitivity and different underlying mechanisms involving key components of insulin receptor signaling pathways. Pregnant Wistar rats either were fed chow ad libitum or were undernourished throughout pregnancy, generating either control or intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) offspring. Male offspring were fed either standard chow or a high-fat diet from weaning. At 260 d of age, whole-body insulin sensitivity was assessed by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp, and other metabolic parameters were measured. As expected, high-fat feeding caused diet-induced obesity (DIO) and insulin resistance. Importantly, the insulin sensitivity of IUGR offspring was similar to that of control offspring, despite fasting insulin hypersecretion and increased adiposity, irrespective of postnatal nutrition. Real-time PCR and Western blot analyses of key markers of insulin sensitivity and metabolic regulation showed that IUGR offspring had increased hepatic levels of atypical protein kinase C zeta (PKC zeta) and increased expression of fatty acid synthase mRNA. In contrast, DIO led to decreased expression of fatty acid synthase mRNA and hepatic steatosis. The decrease in hepatic PKC zeta with DIO may explain, at least in part, the insulin resistance. Our data suggest that the mechanisms of obesity induced by prenatal events are fundamentally different from those of obesity induced by postnatal high-fat nutrition. The origin of insulin hypersecretion in IUGR offspring may be independent of the mechanistic events that trigger the insulin resistance commonly observed in DIO.
Prenatal Choline Supplementation Improves Glucose Tolerance and Reduces Liver Fat Accumulation in Mouse Offspring Exposed to Ethanol during the Prenatal and Postnatal Periods.; Prenatal alcohol exposure (AE) affects cognitive development. However, it is unclear whether prenatal AE influences the metabolic health of offspring and whether postnatal AE exacerbates metabolic deterioration resulting from prenatal AE. Choline is a semi-essential nutrient that has been demonstrated to mitigate the cognitive impairment of prenatal AE. This study investigated how maternal choline supplementation (CS) may modify the metabolic health of offspring with prenatal and postnatal AE (AE/AE). C57BL/6J female mice were fed either a Lieber-DeCarli diet with 1.4% ethanol between embryonic day (E) 9.5 and E17.5 or a control diet. Choline was supplemented with 4 × concentrations versus the control throughout pregnancy. At postnatal week 7, offspring mice were exposed to 1.4% ethanol for females and 3.9% ethanol for males for 4 weeks. AE/AE increased hepatic triglyceride accumulation in male offspring only, which was normalized by prenatal CS. Prenatal CS also improved glucose tolerance compared to AE/AE animals. AE/AE suppressed hepatic gene expression of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (Ppara) and low-density lipoprotein receptor (Ldlr), which regulate fatty acid catabolism and cholesterol reuptake, respectively, in male offspring. However, these changes were not rectified by prenatal CS. In conclusion, AE/AE led to an increased risk of steatosis and was partially prevented by prenatal CS in male mice.
Non alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a Sudanese population: What is the prevalence and risk factors?; BACKGROUND AND STUDY AIMS: Non alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a common clinical condition associated with obesity and considered as possible precursor of more serious disease like Non alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. There is very little research work carried concerning NAFLD in African countries in relation to prevalence and risk factors. Therefore, the aim of this study is to determine the prevalence of NAFLD and risk factors among asymptomatic co-patients accompanying patients admitted to gastroenterology wards at the National Centre for GI & Liver Diseases, Ibn Sina Hospital (Khartoum, Sudan). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Subjects with liver disease, excess alcohol intake (the intake of more than 21 units of alcohol per week for men and 14 units for women per week) and pregnancy were excluded from this study. The age, sex, body mass index (BMI), history and duration of diabetes and hypertension were recorded. Ultrasound was offered followed by clinical examination and blood sample was taken for assessment of liver function from each subject (total number of participants was 100). RESULTS: NAFLD was diagnosed in 20 patients, giving prevalence of 20%. There was no statistical significance between the two sexes. The mean age of subjects with NAFLD was 53 years old and without NAFLD was 40 years (p<0.05). Importantly, the prevalence of NAFLD increased with age and BMI. Due to small number of diabetic individuals and hypertension, these two conditions were not statistically significant when related to NAFLD. CONCLUSION: The estimated prevalence of NAFLD in our study is 20% and this figure is comparable to the prevalence of NAFLD in Asian countries. Males and females were nearly equally affected and the prevalence of NAFLD increased with age and BMI, making obesity a main risk factor.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid prevents hyperlipidemia and hepatic oxidant status in pregnant diabetic rats and their macrosomic offspring.; A considerable amount of clinical and experimental evidence now exists and suggests the involvement of fatty acids and free radical-mediated oxidative processes in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications. Fetuses from diabetic mothers are at increased risk of developing neonatal macrosomia and oxidative stress. We investigated the modulation of antioxidant status and liver biochemical parameters in normal and diabetic pregnant rats and their offspring. Animals were randomly allocated into three groups of six rats each: a control group, a diabetic group and diabetic rats fed with flax and sesame seeds mixture group. The time course of changes in lipid metabolism and antioxidant status by dietary rich in ω3- and ω6-polyunsaturated fatty acids in alloxan-induced diabetic pregnant rats and their macrosomic offspring was studied. Glucose and insulin levels were also assessed in order to characterize the diabetic state of dams and their offspring. The diabetic rats presented a significant increase in glycemia, plasma and liver lipid parameters compared with those of control group. In addition, liver malonaldialdehyde levels significantly increased. Antioxidant enzyme activities such as catalase and superoxide dismutase and reduced glutathione levels significantly decreased in the liver of diabetic rats when compared with controls. Diet supplemented with flax and sesame seeds mixture in pregnant diabetic rats ameliorated lipid parameters, antioxidant enzyme activities, level of reduced glutathione and significantly decreased malonaldialdehyde levels. These ameliorations were also observed in pups whose pregnant diabetic mothers were fed seeds mixture. Our results suggested that flax and sesame seeds mixture supplemented to diet of pregnant diabetic rats might be helpful in preventing diabetic complications in adult dams and their offspring.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Is Prevalent in Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Independently Associated With Insulin Resistance and Waist Circumference.; OBJECTIVE: Type 2 diabetes increases the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a potentially reversible condition but is also associated with progressive fibrosis and cirrhosis. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have a higher risk for NAFLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: One hundred women without diabetes who had pGDM (median [interquartile range]: age 38.6 [6.4] years; BMI 31.0 [6.2] kg/m(2)) and 11 healthy control subjects without NAFLD (age 37.9 [7.8] years; BMI 28.1 [0.8] kg/m(2)) underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), DXA whole-body scan, and ultrasonic evaluation of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS: Twenty-four (24%) women with pGDM had NAFLD on the basis of the ultrasound scan. None had cirrhosis. Women with NAFLD had a higher BMI (P = 0.0002) and waist circumference (P = 0.0003), increased insulin resistance (P = 0.0004), and delayed suppression of glucagon after the OGTT (P < 0.0001), but NAFLD was not associated with the degree of glucose intolerance (P = 0.2196). Visceral fat mass differed among the three groups, with the NAFLD group having the highest amount of fat and the control subjects the lowest (P = 0.0003). By logistic regression analysis, insulin resistance (P = 0.0057) and waist circumference (P = 0.0109) were independently associated with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: NAFLD was prevalent in this cohort of relatively young and nonseverely obese women with pGDM who are considered healthy apart from their increased risk for diabetes. Insulin resistance and a larger waist circumference were independently associated with the presence of NAFLD, whereas glucose intolerance was not.
Effect of pre-existing maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and adipokines on the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism in adipose tissue.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and adipokines on the expression of genes involved in fatty acid uptake, transport, synthesis and metabolism. MATERIALS/METHODS: Human subcutaneous and omental adipose tissues were obtained from lean, overweight and obese normal glucose tolerant (NGT) women and women with GDM. Quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to determine the level of expression. Adipose tissue explants were performed to determine the effect of the adipokines TNFα, IL-1β and leptin on adipose tissue gene expression. RESULTS: Pre-existing maternal obesity and GDM are associated with decreased expression in genes involved in fatty acid uptake and intracellular transport (LPL, FATP2, FATP6, FABPpm and ASCL1), triacylglyceride (TAG) biosynthesis (MGAT1,7 MGAT2 and DGAT1), lipogenesis (FASN) and lipolysis (PNPLA2, HSL and MGLL). Decreased gene expression was also observed for the transcription factors involved in lipid metabolism (LXRα, PPARα, PPARδ, PPARγ, RXRα and SREBP1c). On the other hand, the gene expression of the adipokines TNFα, IL-1β and or leptin was increased in adipose tissue from obese and GDM women. Functional in vitro studies revealed that these adipokines decreased the gene expression of LPL, FATP2, FATP6, ASCL1, PNPLA2, PPARδ, PPARγ and RXRα. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by pre-existing maternal obesity and GDM are associated with abnormal adipose tissue lipid metabolism, which may play a role in the pathogenesis of these diseases.
Patterns of hepatocyte injury in man.; Three patterns of hepatocyte injury in man, direct, immunological, and cholestatic, are described. The characteristics of the direct pattern are predominantly mitochondrial damage, central (zone 3) necrosis, and, usually, fatty change. It can be subdivided into the alcohol type (also seen with obesity, in diabetes, as a reaction to perhexiline, in Wilson's disease, and in Indian childhood cirrhosis) and the Reye's syndrome type (also seen with tetracycline toxicity, fatty liver of pregnancy, and cytotoxic drugs). Reactive drug metabolites, metal poisoning, and anoxia are also associated with the direct pattern of hepatocyte injury. The immunological pattern is characterised by damage to cell membranes with piecemeal necrosis of periportal (zone 1) hepatocytes and mononuclear-cell infiltration. Examples include chronic active hepatitis, primary biliary cirrhosis, and drug reactions such as those to halothane. In the cholestatic pattern there is disturbance of the bile-secretory mechanism with retention of bile within the hepatocytes. Cholestatic liver injury may be intrahepatic, as in sex-hormone cholestasis, or extrahepatic, as in choledocholithiasis or carcinoma of the bile ducts. Identification of the type of hepatocyte injury is valuable in diagnosis, in assessing prognosis, and in selecting treatment.
Progenies of gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit sex disparity in metabolism after respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin in dams during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare the sex-dependent intergenerational effects of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin on glucose and lipid metabolism in the offspring born to GDM mice. METHODS: The murine GDM was induced by high fat diet. The offspring were grouped based on the treatments in maternal mice. ITT and GTT were performed at 4th and 8th weeks of age, respectively. Serum levels of TC, TG, HDL-C, and LDL-C plus hepatic levels of TG and TC, were respectively determined by enzymatic kits. Western blotting was conducted to detect related proteins in the livers from offspring. RESULTS: The dyslipidaemia, hepatic lipid abnormality, and insulin insensitivity caused by GDM were persistently normalised in male adult offspring by the respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin during maternal pregnancy. Specifically, the decreases in plasma TC, TG, and LDL-C levels (29%, 37.8%, and 57.7%, respectively, p ˂ .05) and in hepatic lipid contents (TC 31.3% and TG 39.2%, p ˂ .05), the increases in hepatic phosphorylation levels of AKT, CPT1A, PPAR-α, and PPAR-γ (57.1%, 91.7%, 68%, and 173.3%, respectively, p ˂ .05) and the inhibition of G6Pase, PEPCK, and HMGCS1 (35.7%, 68.8%, and 77.3% respectively, p ˂ .05) were still observed in the male offspring born to treated GDM mice from 4th to 8th week of age. Unexpectedly, the aforementioned parameters in female progenies in different groups were not significantly changed compared with controls. CONCLUSIONS: Respective treatments in GDM mice during pregnancy with insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin have the long-term persistent effects in male offspring, while female progenies born to untreated dams showed an autonomous inhibition of intergenerational relay of glucose and lipid dysregulation. Our current findings may imply a sex-dependent strategy of medical care for GDM mothers and their offspring.NoveltiesRespective interventions of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin on dams exerted the persisted effects on male progenies.Therapies of three drugs on dams had the similarly improved effects in offspring.Female offspring autonomously corrected their dysregulated glucose-lipid metabolism caused by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in dams.
Metformin and its clinical use: new insights for an old drug in clinical practice.; Metformin is generally recommended as first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight patients, but in recent years new indications for its use have emerged. Metformin has been found to be safe and efficacious both as monotherapy and in combination with all oral antidiabetic agents and insulins. If metformin use during pregnancy and the lactation period is supported by few data, it could be indicated for women with polycystic ovary syndrome, since it could diminish circulating androgens and insulin resistance, thus ameliorating the ovulation rate. Metformin seems to reduce cancer risk, which appears to be increased in diabetics, and is a promising agent for oncoprevention and chemotherapy combinations. Moreover, metformin could find a place in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Lactic acidosis could be decreased by avoiding metformin use in patients with hypovolemia, sepsis, renal impairment, hypoxic respiratory diseases and heart failure, in the preoperative period and before intravenous injection of contrast media.
Peri-conceptional obesogenic exposure induces sex-specific programming of disease susceptibilities in adult mouse offspring.; Vulnerability of the fetus upon maternal obesity can potentially occur during all developmental phases. We aimed at elaborating longer-term health outcomes of fetal overnutrition during the earliest stages of development. We utilized Naval Medical Research Institute (NMRI) mice to induce pre-conceptional and gestational obesity and followed offspring outcomes in the absence of any postnatal obesogenic influences. Male adult offspring developed overweight, insulin resistance, hyperleptinemia, hyperuricemia and hepatic steatosis; all these features were not observed in females. Instead, they showed impaired fasting glucose and a reduced fat mass and adipocyte size. Influences of the interaction of maternal diet∗sex concerned offspring genes involved in fatty liver disease, lipid droplet size regulation and fat mass expansion. These data suggest that a peri-conceptional obesogenic exposure is sufficient to shape offspring gene expression patterns and health outcomes in a sex- and organ-specific manner, indicating varying developmental vulnerabilities between sexes towards metabolic disease in response to maternal overnutrition.
A nested case-control study indicating heavy metal residues in meconium associate with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus risk.; BACKGROUND: Environmental pollutant exposure may play certain roles in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetes mellitus including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We hypothesize that heavy metal exposure may trigger GDM during pregnancy. The objective of this study was to investigate the possible associations between selected heavy metal exposure and GDM risk. METHODS: This investigation is a retrospective case-control study nested within a cohort of 1359 pregnant women. These participants were recruited in Xiamen Maternity and Child Care Hospital, China, during June to July, 2012. All their newborns' meconium samples were collected. By reviewing the antenatal care records, 166 GDM mothers were screened out from the 1359 participants; 137 of 166 GDM mothers offered their newborns' meconium samples for the metal analysis. Those 137 mothers were set as the case group. Similarly, 294 healthy mothers without any gestational complication were initially screened out from the rest 1193 non-GDM mothers. 190 of the 294 healthy mothers offered their newborns' meconium samples for the metal analysis. Those 190 mothers were set as the control group. Arsenic (As), mercury (Hg), lead (Pb), cadmium (Cd), and chromium (Cr) levels in these case-control meconium samples were measured by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. The possible association between the metal levels and maternal GDM risk of studied subjects was assessed by binary logistic regression. RESULTS: GDM prevalence of 12.21% was observed in the investigated 1359 participants. The concentrations of As, Hg, Cr and Cd in studied cases were significantly higher (p < 0.05) than those of controls. After adjustments for maternal age, pre-pregnant body mass index, gravidity, parity, hepatitis B virus infection, and newborn sex, As, Cd and Cr were found to be positively associated with GDM prevalence in dose-dependent manners. Among them, As was detected in all samples and its levels associated the maternal GDM with the adjusted odds ratios of 3.28 [95% CI 1.24, 8.71], 3.35 [95% CI 1.28, 8.75] and 5.25 [95% CI 1.99, 13.86] for the 2(nd), 3(rd) and 4(th) quartiles, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The present work implies that exposure to some of the selected metals (noticeably As) may contribute to maternal GDM risk during pregnancy.
Developmental programming by maternal insulin resistance: hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, and dysregulated lipid metabolism in male offspring of insulin-resistant mice.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with obesity and diabetes risk in offspring. We tested whether maternal insulin resistance, which frequently coexists with GDM and obesity, could independently contribute to dysregulation of offspring metabolism. Female mice haploinsufficient for insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1-het) are hyperinsulinemic and insulin resistant during pregnancy, despite normal plasma glucose and body weight, and thus serve as a model of isolated maternal insulin resistance. Wild-type (WT) offspring of IRS1-het dams insulin resistance-exposed [IR-exposed] were compared with WT offspring of WT dams. Despite no differences in adiposity, male IR-exposed pups were glucose intolerant (P = 0.04) and hyperinsulinemic (1.3-fold increase, P = 0.02) by 1 month of age and developed progressive fasting hyperglycemia. Moreover, male IR-exposed pups challenged with high-fat diet exhibited insulin resistance. Liver lipidomic analysis of 3-week-old IR-exposed males revealed increases in the 16:1n7 fraction of several lipid classes, suggesting increased Scd1 activity. By 6 months of age, IR-exposed males had increased lipid accumulation in liver as well as increased plasma refed fatty acids, consistent with disrupted lipid metabolism. Our results indicate that isolated maternal insulin resistance, even in the absence of hyperglycemia or obesity, can promote metabolic perturbations in male offspring.
HBsAg carrier status and the association between gestational diabetes with increased serum ferritin concentration in Chinese women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the high prevalence of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) carriage in our population can explain the previous observation of an association between increased maternal serum ferritin concentration and gestational diabetes in Hong Kong Chinese women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A retrospective study was performed on 767 nonanemic women with singleton pregnancy who had iron status assessed at 28-30 weeks. The result of the routine antenatal HBsAg screening was retrieved from patient records. The HBsAg-positive and -negative groups were compared for maternal characteristics, prevalence of gestational diabetes in the third trimester, prevalence of high serum ferritin and iron concentrations, and transferrin saturation, which is defined as a value in the highest quartile established by the measurements obtained from the HBsAg-negative group. RESULTS: The incidences of oral glucose tolerance test and gestational diabetes were significantly increased in the HBsAg-positive group. The HBsAg-positive women with gestational diabetes had significantly increased prevalence of high serum ferritin compared with the HBsAg-negative women, irrespective of the latter's gestational diabetes status. Multiple logistic regression analysis confirmed the independent association between HBsAg carrier status with gestational diabetes (relative risk 3.51, 95% CI 1.83-6.73) but excluded high ferritin as an independent factor. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that maternal HBsAg carriage could explain in part the association between increased serum ferritin concentration with gestational diabetes in Hong Kong Chinese women, and that HBsAg carrier status is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Maternal chronic HBV infection would not increase the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension--results from pregnancy cohort in Liuyang rural China.; The relationship between maternal HBV (hepatitis B virus) infection and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) is inconclusive. Few studies have been conducted in rural areas of China. In order to examine the association between maternal chronic HBV infection and risk of PIH in Liuyang rural area China, we enrolled 6,195 eligible pregnant women in 2010-2011 in selected 14 towns of Liuyang on their first prenatal visit to local maternity care unit. A total of 461 subjects (7.44% (95%CI: 6.79%, 8.10%)) were identified with positive HBsAg status (exposed group) and 5734 were non-HBV carriers (unexposed group). Multivariate log-binomial regression models were used to estimate the risk of PIH, gestational hypertension (GH), and preeclampsia (PE) in relation to maternal chronic HBV infection. There are total of 455 subjects diagnosed with PIH (7.34% (95%CI: 6.70%, 7.99%)), including 371 GH (5.99% (95%CI: 5.40%, 6.58%)) and 81 PE (1.31% (95%CI: 1.07%, 1.64%)). The crude risk ratio between PIH, GH, PE and maternal HBV infection were 1.20 (95%CI: 0.88, 1.64), 1.30(95%CI: 0.93, 1.81) and 0.79 (95%CI: 0.32, 1.93), respectively. After adjustment for gravidity history, abortion history, family history of Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and family history of hypertension, positive HBsAg status was still not significantly associated with PIH (RR = 1.18, 95%CI: 0.87, 1.62), GH (RR = 1.27, 95%CI: 0.91, 1.78) or PE (RR = 0.79, 95%CI: 0.32, 1.95). Additional adjustment for maternal age, marital status, parity history, family history of DM, Body Mass Index at first antenatal visit, folic acid supplementation, smoking status during pregnancy and economic status of living area, multivariate analysis provided similar results. In conclusion, our study found that maternal chronic HBV infection prevalence rate is 7.4% among Liuyang rural area and there is no significant association between maternal HBV infection and the risk of PIH, GH or PE.
Cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene polymorphisms increase the risk of fatty liver in females independent of adiposity.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Environmental factors including excessive caloric intake lead to disordered lipid metabolism and fatty liver disease (FLD). However, FLD demonstrates heritability suggesting genetic factors are also important. We aimed to use a candidate gene approach to examine the association between FLD and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in lipid metabolism genes in the adolescent population-based Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort. METHODS: A total 951 seventeen year-olds underwent hepatic ultrasound, anthropometric and biochemical characterization, DNA extraction and genotyping for 57 SNPs in seven lipid metabolism genes (ApoB100, ATGL, ABHD5, MTTP, CETP, SREBP-1c, PPARα). Associations were adjusted for metabolic factors and Bonferroni corrected. RESULTS: The prevalence of FLD was 16.2% (11.4% male vs 21.2% female, P=0.001). Multivariate analysis of metabolic factors found suprailiac skinfold thickness (SST) to be the major predictor of FLD in females and males (odds ratio [OR] 1.11, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08-1.15, P=1.7×10(-10) and OR 1.17, 95%CI 1.13-1.22, P=2.4×10(-11) , respectively). In females, two SNPs in linkage disequilibrium from the CETP gene were associated with FLD: rs12447924 (OR 2.16, 95%CI 1.42-3.32, P=0.0003) and rs12597002 (OR=2.22, 95%CI 1.46-3.41 P=0.0002). In lean homozygotes, the probability of FLD was over 30%, compared with 10-15% in lean heterozygotes and 3-5% in lean wild-types. However, these associations were modified by SST, such that for obese individuals, the probability of FLD was over 30% in all genotype groups. CONCLUSIONS: Cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene polymorphisms are associated with an increased risk of FLD in adolescent females. The effect is independent of adiposity in homozygotes, thereby placing lean individuals at a significant risk of FLD.
Decrease of aminotransferase levels in obese women is related to body weight reduction, irrespective of type of diet.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of low carbohydrate diet (LCD) as compared with low fat diet (LFD) to decrease aminotransferase levels in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 59 women were randomly enrolled in a non-controlled clinical intervention study to receive either LCD or LFD during six months. Apparently healthy non-pregnant obese women aged 20 to 65 years were eligible to participate. Previous diagnosis of hepatic disease, serum creatinine level ≥ 1.5 mg/dL, severe life-limiting medical illness, pregnancy, active participation in other dietary program, use of weight loss drugs, or alcohol consumption ≥ 30 g per day were exclusion criteria. RESULTS: A total of 31 obese women who received LCD were compared with 28 women allocated in the LFD group. There were 3 (LCD group) and 2 (LFD group) women with lost of follow-up. No differences in the proportion of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and hyperlipidemia were noted between women in the LCD and LFD groups. At end of follow-up, there were not significant statistical differences in the anthropometric and biochemical characteristics between women in both groups. The weight loss was 5.7 and 5.5% for women in the LCD LFD groups. Although the decrease of AST (31.7 and 22.4%) and ALT (41 and 33.3%) levels was more elevated in the women of LCD group, as compared with the LFD group, there were not significant statistical differences. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that weight loss, irrespective of the type of diet, reduces aminotransferase levels in obese women with NAFLD.
Exposure to bisphenol-A during pregnancy partially mimics the effects of a high-fat diet altering glucose homeostasis and gene expression in adult male mice.; Bisphenol-A (BPA) is one of the most widespread EDCs used as a base compound in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics. The aim of our research has been to study how the exposure to BPA during pregnancy affects weight, glucose homeostasis, pancreatic β-cell function and gene expression in the major peripheral organs that control energy flux: white adipose tissue (WAT), the liver and skeletal muscle, in male offspring 17 and 28 weeks old. Pregnant mice were treated with a subcutaneous injection of 10 µg/kg/day of BPA or a vehicle from day 9 to 16 of pregnancy. One month old offspring were divided into four different groups: vehicle treated mice that ate a normal chow diet (Control group); BPA treated mice that also ate a normal chow diet (BPA); vehicle treated animals that had a high fat diet (HFD) and BPA treated animals that were fed HFD (HFD-BPA). The BPA group started to gain weight at 18 weeks old and caught up to the HFD group before week 28. The BPA group as well as the HFD and HFD-BPA ones presented fasting hyperglycemia, glucose intolerance and high levels of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma compared with the Control one. Glucose stimulated insulin release was disrupted, particularly in the HFD-BPA group. In WAT, the mRNA expression of the genes involved in fatty acid metabolism, Srebpc1, Pparα and Cpt1β was decreased by BPA to the same extent as with the HFD treatment. BPA treatment upregulated Pparγ and Prkaa1 genes in the liver; yet it diminished the expression of Cd36. Hepatic triglyceride levels were increased in all groups compared to control. In conclusion, male offspring from BPA-treated mothers presented symptoms of diabesity. This term refers to a form of diabetes which typically develops in later life and is associated with obesity.
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated; and (2) the extent to which NAFLD and IHCL account for the dysmetabolic phenotype in pGDM. METHODS: We analysed data from a cohort of 234 women (114 with pGDM) and identified effects of pGDM on lipid and glucoregulation that were independent of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD. We then measured IHCL by MR spectroscopy in a representative subgroup (n = 36) and conducted detailed metabolic studies (IVGTT, VLDL apolipoprotein B [apoB] kinetics and palmitate turnover) and measurement of regional body fat by MRI to demonstrate effects of IHCL that were independent of a history of pGDM. RESULTS: pGDM was associated with increased IHCL (p = 0.04) after adjustment for adiposity. Independently of IHCL, pGDM was associated with a lower IVGTT disposition index (p = 0.02) and acute insulin response to glucose (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 50% lower; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 36% lower; effect of pGDM, p = 0.03), increased VLDL apoB pool size (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 3.1-fold higher; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 1.2-fold higher; effect of pGDM, p = 0.02) and, at borderline significance (p = 0.05), increased rate of VLDL apoB synthesis. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: pGDM is associated with increased IHCL independently of adiposity. The increased liver fat contributes to the phenotype, but pGDM status is independently associated with diminished insulin secretion and (shown for the first time) augmented VLDL metabolism. IHCL with pGDM may compound a dysmetabolic phenotype.
Maternal hepatitis B surface antigen carrier status and its impact on neonatal outcomes: a cohort study of 21 947 singleton newborns in China.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the impact of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) carrier status on neonatal outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using data from medical records database of six hospitals in China. Information on maternal characteristics and selected neonatal outcomes was retrieved for all women who delivered singleton infants between 1 January 2009 and 31 December 2010. RESULTS: A total of 21 947 singleton newborns and their mothers were included. The prevalence of maternal HBsAg positivity was 4.2% (95% confidence interval (CI) 3.9-4.5%). Compared with infants born to HBsAg-negative women, infants born to HBsAg-positive mothers were more than twice more likely to have a malformation before (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.23, 95% CI 1.15-4.30) and at birth (aOR 2.66, 95% CI 1.38-5.14), but were less likely to be macrosomia (aOR 0.67, 95% CI 0.47-0.96). No statistically significant association was found between maternal HBsAg positivity and preterm birth (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 0.95-1.51), low birth weight (aOR 1.24, 95% CI 0.91-1.69), and Apgar scores at 1 min (aOR 0.88, 95% CI 0.49-1.57) and 5 min (aOR 1.84, 95% CI 0.89-3.81). CONCLUSION: Maternal HBsAg positivity may be associated with a higher risk of congenital malformation.
Maternal obesity during pregnancy and lactation programs the development of offspring non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Obesity induced, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is now the major cause in affluent countries, of the spectrum of steatosis-to-cirrhosis. Obesity and NAFLD rates in reproductive age women, and adolescents, are rising worldwide. Our hypothesis was that maternal obesity and lactation transmit to the offspring a pre-disposition to dysmetabolism, obesity and NAFLD. METHODS: Female mice were fed standard or obesogenic chow, before, throughout pregnancy, and during lactation. The critical developmental period was studied by cross-fostering offspring of lean and obese dams. Offspring were then weaned onto standard chow and studied at 3months. Read-outs included markers of metabolic dysfunction, biochemical and histological indicators of NAFLD, induction of liver fibrogenesis, and activation of pro-fibrotic pathways. Mechanisms involved in programming a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype were investigated by assaying breast milk components. RESULTS: Offspring of obese dams had a dysmetabolic, insulin resistant and NAFLD phenotype compared to offspring of lean dams. Offspring of lean dams that were suckled by obese dams showed an exaggerated dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, with increased body weight, as well as increased levels of insulin, leptin, aspartate transaminase, interleukin-6, tumour necrosis factor-alpha, liver triglycerides, steatosis, hepatic fibrogenesis, renal norepinephrine, and liver alpha1-D plus beta1-adrenoceptors, indicative of sympathetic nervous system activation. Obese dams also had raised breast milk leptin levels compared to lean dams. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity programs development of a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, which is critically dependent on the early postnatal period and possibly involving alteration of hypothalamic appetite nuclei signalling by maternal breast milk and neonatal adipose tissue derived, leptin.
Substitution of starch for palm oil during gestation: impact on offspring survival and hepatic gene expression in the pig.; Piglet neonatal mortality rates are high (~20%), so nutritional strategies to reduce this are highly desirable. Maternal fat substitution (FS) may promote the preweaning survival of piglets by improving their energy status. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of FS throughout pregnancy on offspring viability, together with the gene expression of stress-related markers in the liver. Sixteen pregnant sows were randomly allocated to one of two isocaloric diets, control (C) or FS in the form of palm oil, fed from 0 to 110 days gestation. Glucose tolerance was examined on Day 108. Median and low birthweight offspring were allocated to tissue sampling at either 7 days or 6 months postnatal age. In response to a glucose tolerance test, FS sows exhibited a raised glucose area under the curve with no change in basal glucose. Average piglet mortality (up to Day 28) was increased fourfold in the FS group, with surviving median-sized piglets exhibiting significantly lower fatty acid binding protein 1 (FABP1) expression at 7 days. There were no effects on the abundance of any other stress- or metabolic-related genes examined. Thus, this study demonstrates that maternal FS throughout gestation causes maternal glucose intolerance that may be linked to the observed increase in piglet mortality. However, the surviving offspring do not exhibit any detectable differences in postnatal growth or hepatic gene profile in later life.
Severe maternal hyperglycemia exacerbates the development of insulin resistance and fatty liver in the offspring on high fat diet.; BACKGROUND: Adverse maternal environments may predispose the offspring to metabolic syndrome in adulthoods, but the underlying mechanism has not been fully understood. METHODS: Maternal hyperglycemia was induced by streptozotocin (STZ) injection while control (CON) rats received citrate buffer. Litters were adjusted to eight pups per dam and then weaned to standard diet. Since 13 weeks old, a subset of offspring from STZ and CON dams were switched to high fat diet (HFD) for another 13 weeks. Glucose and insulin tolerance tests (GTT and ITT) and insulin secretion assay were performed; serum levels of lipids and leptin were measured. Hepatic fat accumulation and islet area were evaluated through haematoxylin and eosin staining. RESULTS: STZ offspring exhibited lower survival rate, lower birth weights, and growth inhibition which persisted throughout the study. STZ offspring on HFD showed more severe impairment in GTT and ITT, and more profound hepatic steatosis and more severe hyperlipidemia compared with CON-HFD rats. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring from diabetic dams would be prone to exhibit low birth weight and postnatal growth inhibition, but could maintain normal glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. HFD accelerates development of insulin resistance in the offspring of diabetic dams mainly via a compensatory response of islets.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome.; Maternal obesity is associated with a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a common complication of pregnancy. The influence of maternal obesity and GDM on the metabolic health of the offspring is poorly understood. We hypothesize that GDM associated with maternal obesity will cause obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (45%) and sucrose (HFS) diet to cause maternal obesity and GDM. Lean control pregnant rats received low-fat (LF; 10%) diets. To investigate the interaction between the prenatal environment and postnatal diets, rat offspring were assigned to LF or HFS diets for 12 weeks, and insulin sensitivity and hepatic steatosis were evaluated. Pregnant GDM dams exhibited excessive gestational weight gain, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglycaemia. Offspring of GDM dams gained more weight than the offspring of lean dams due to excess adiposity. The offspring of GDM dams also developed hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance. The postnatal consumption of a LF diet did not protect offspring of GDM dams against these metabolic disorders. Analysis of the hepatic metabolome revealed increased diacylglycerol and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine in the offspring of GDM dams compared to offspring of lean dams. Consistent with altered lipid metabolism, the expression of CTP:phosphoethanolamine cytidylyltransferase, and peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor-α mRNA was reduced in the livers of GDM offspring. GDM exposure programs gene expression and hepatic metabolite levels and drives the development of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young adult rat offspring.
Maternal alcohol intake around the time of conception causes glucose intolerance and insulin insensitivity in rat offspring, which is exacerbated by a postnatal high-fat diet.; Alcohol consumption throughout pregnancy can cause metabolic dysregulation, including glucose intolerance in progeny. This study determined if periconceptional (PC) alcohol (12% v/v in a liquid diet) (PC:EtOH) consumed exclusively around conception results in similar outcomes in Sprague-Dawley rats. Control (C) rats were given a liquid diet containing no alcohol but matched to ensure equal caloric intake. PC maternal alcohol intake (from 4 days before conception until day 4 of gestation), resulted in offspring with elevated fasting plasma glucose (∼10-25%, P < 0.05), impaired glucose tolerance (P < 0.05), and decreased insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01) at 6 months of age. This was associated with increased hepatic gluconeogenesis and sex-specific alterations in peripheral protein kinase B (AKT) signaling. These changes were accompanied by increased mRNA expression of DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) 1, 3a, and 3b (1.5- to 1.9-fold, P < 0.05) in fetal liver in late gestation, suggesting PC:EtOH may cause epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to metabolic dysfunction. Exposure to a postnatal (PN) high-fat and cholesterol diet (HFD) from 3 months of age caused hyperinsulinemia (∼2-fold increase, P < 0.001) and exacerbated the metabolic dysfunction in male offspring exposed to PC:EtOH but had no additive effects in females. Given many women may drink alcohol while planning a pregnancy, it is crucial to increase public awareness regarding the effects of alcohol consumption around conception on offspring health.
Antenatal exposure to the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluoxetine leads to postnatal metabolic and endocrine changes associated with type 2 diabetes in Wistar rats.; HYPOTHESIS: 10-15% of women take antidepressant medications during pregnancy. A recent clinical study reported that the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants during pregnancy is linked with an increased risk of postnatal obesity. While obesity is often associated with fatty liver, dyslipidemia and inflammation, to date, the effects of perinatal exposure to SSRIs on these outcomes are unknown. METHODS: Female nulliparous Wistar rats were given vehicle (N=15) or fluoxetine hydrochloride (FLX 10mg/kg/d; N=15) orally for 2 weeks prior to mating until weaning. We assessed glucometabolic changes and hepatic pathophysiology in the offspring. RESULTS: Fluoxetine exposed offspring demonstrated altered glucose homeostasis without any alterations to beta cell mass. FLX-exposed offspring had a significant increase in the number of offspring with mild to moderate NASH and dyslipidemia. There was also increased inflammation of the liver in FLX-exposed offspring; males had significant elevations in TNFα, IL6 and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP1), while female offspring had higher expression of TNFα, and increased macrophage infiltration (MCP1). LIMITATIONS: This is an animal study. Further research examining the metabolic outcomes of children exposed to antidepressants in utero are required, given the increase in childhood obesity and psychiatric medication use during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: These data demonstrate that fetal and neonatal exposure to FLX results in evidence of increased adiposity, fatty liver and abnormal glycemic control. Since these are all hallmarks of the metabolic syndrome, this raises concerns regarding the long term metabolic sequelae of fetal exposure to SSRIs in human populations.
Perinatal exposure to bisphenol A exacerbates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-like phenotype in male rat offspring fed on a high-fat diet.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the environmental endocrine disrupting chemicals, which is present ubiquitously in daily life. Accumulating evidence indicates that exposure to BPA contributes to metabolic syndrome. In this study, we examined whether perinatal exposure to BPA predisposed offspring to fatty liver disease: the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Wistar rats were exposed to 50 μg/kg per day BPA or corn oil throughout gestation and lactation by oral gavage. Offspring were fed a standard chow diet (SD) or a high-fat diet (HFD) after weaning. Effects of BPA were assessed by examination of hepatic morphology, biochemical analysis, and the hepatic expression of genes and/or proteins involved in lipogenesis, fatty acid oxidation, gluconeogenesis, insulin signaling, inflammation, and fibrosis. On a SD, the offspring of rats exposed to BPA exhibited moderate hepatic steatosis and altered expression of insulin signaling elements in the liver, but with normal liver function. On a HFD, the offspring of rats exposed to BPA showed a nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-like phenotype, characterized by extensive accumulation of lipids, large lipid droplets, profound ballooning degeneration, impaired liver function, increased inflammation, and even mild fibrosis in the liver. Perinatal exposure to BPA worsened the hepatic damage caused by the HFD in the rat offspring. The additive effects of BPA correlated with higher levels of hepatic oxidative stress. Collectively, exposure to BPA may be a new risk factor for the development of fatty liver disease and further studies should assess whether this finding is also relevant to the human population.
Identification of appropriate patients for cardiometabolic risk management.; Patients at increased risk for cardiovascular disease have a wide array of clinical features that should alert practitioners to the need for risk reduction. Some, but not all, of these features relate to insulin resistance. Multiple approaches exist for diagnosing and defining this risk, including the traditional Framingham risk assessment, various definitions of the metabolic syndrome, and assessment of risk factors not commonly included in the standard criteria. This article reviews the many clinical findings that should alert healthcare providers to the need for aggressive cardiovascular risk reduction.
In utero growth restriction and catch-up adipogenesis after developmental di (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exposure cause glucose intolerance in adult male rats following a high-fat dietary challenge.; Phthalates impact adipocyte morphology in vitro, but the sex-specific adipogenic signature immediately after perinatal di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) exposure and adulthood physiology following a high-fat (HF) dietary challenge are unknown. In the current study, pregnant and lactating dams received DEHP (300 mg/kg body weight) or oil. At weaning [postnatal day (PND) 21], adipose tissue was sampled for real-time polymerase chain reaction. The remaining offspring consumed a control or HF diet. DEHP decreased % fat in males at birth from 13.9%±0.2 to 11.8%±0.6 (mean±S.E.M.), representing a 15.1% decrease in fat by DEHP, and these males caught up in adiposity to controls by PND21. Adult DEHP-exposed males had a 27.5% increase in fat (12.5%±0.9% in controls vs. 15.9%±1.5% in the DEHP group); adipocyte perimeter was increased as well, with fewer small/medium-sized adipocytes, and decreased cell number compared to oil controls. HF diet intake in DEHP-exposed males further increased male energy intake and body weight and led to glucose intolerance. In PND21 males, DEHP increased the expression of adipogenic markers (Pparg1, Cebpa, Adipoq, Ppard, Fabp4, Fasn, Igf1), decreased Lep, and decreased markers of mesenchymal stem cell commitment to the adipogenic lineage (Bmp2, Bmp4, Stat1, Stat5a) compared to oil controls. These data suggest that DEHP may decrease the adipocyte pool at birth, which initially increases adaptive adipocyte maturation and lipid accumulation, but leads to adipose tissue dysfunction in adulthood, decreasing the capacity to adapt to a HF diet, and leading to systemic glucose intolerance.
Transient diabetes insipidus and acute fatty liver of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To review the association of transient diabetes insipidus and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. DESIGN: A retrospective study. SETTING: Six women presenting with polyuria and polydipsia in the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, referred over a two and a half year period; five out of six were primigravida. All had raised liver transaminases and biopsy-proven acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Four out of six also had pre-eclampsia. SUBJECTS: Tertiary referral centre. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: There were no maternal deaths and only one fetal death. Desamino-cys-1-D-arg-8-vasopressin administration produced a reduction in urine output in all five women to whom it was administered. In all cases symptoms had resolved by the end of the fourth postpartum week. Three of the women have had subsequent pregnancies uncomplicated by either transient diabetes insipidus or acute fatty liver of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The association of transient diabetes insipidus and acute fatty liver of pregnancy appears more common than previously recognised. Both may be part of the spectrum of pre-eclampsia.
Maternal hypoxia increases the susceptibility of adult rat male offspring to high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Exposure to an adverse intrauterine environment increases the risk for adult metabolic syndrome. However, the influence of prenatal hypoxia on the risk of fatty liver disease in offspring is unclear. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the role of reduced fetal oxygen on the development and severity of high-fat (HF) diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Based on design implicating 2 factors, ie, maternal hypoxia (MH) and postnatal HF diet, blood lipid and insulin levels, hepatic histology, and potential molecular targets were evaluated in male Sprague Dawley rat offspring. MH associated with postnatal HF diet caused a significant increase in plasma concentration of triglycerides, free fatty acids, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and insulin. Histologically, a more severe form of NAFLD with hepatic inflammation, hepatic resident macrophage infiltration, and progression toward nonalcoholic steatohepatitis was observed. The lipid homeostasis changes and insulin resistance caused by MH plus HF were accompanied by a significant down-regulation of insulin receptor substrate 2 (IRS-2), phosphoinositide-3 kinase p110 catalytic subunit, and protein kinase B. In MH rats, insulin-stimulated IRS-2 and protein kinase B (AKT) phosphorylation were significantly blunted as well as insulin suppression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose-6-phosphatase. Meanwhile, a significant up-regulation of lipogenic pathways was noticed, including sterol-regulatory element-binding protein-1 and fatty acid synthase in liver. Our results indicate that maternal hypoxia enhances dysmetabolic liver injury in response to an HF diet. Therefore, the offspring born in the context of maternal hypoxia may require special attention and follow-up to prevent the early development of NAFLD.
Maternal high-fat feeding through pregnancy and lactation predisposes mouse offspring to molecular insulin resistance and fatty liver.; The exposure to an increased supply of nutrients before birth may contribute to offspring obesity. Offspring from obese dams that chronically consume a high-fat diet present clinical features of metabolic syndrome, liver lipid accumulation and activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK) consistent with the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, in spite of the importance of the resistance to insulin for the development of NAFLD, the molecular alterations in the liver of adult offspring of obese dams are yet to be investigated. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that the consumption of excessive saturated fats during pregnancy and lactation contributes to adult hepatic metabolic dysfunction in offspring. Adult male offspring of dams fed a high-fat diet (HN) during pregnancy and lactation exhibited increased fat depot weight; increased serum insulin, tumor necrosis factor α and interleukin 1β; and reduced serum triglycerides. Liver showed increased JNK and I kappa B kinase phosphorylation and PEPCK expression in the adult. In addition, liver triglyceride content in the offspring 1 week after weaning and in the adult was increased. Moreover, basal ACC phosphorylation and insulin signaling were reduced in the liver from the HN group as compared to offspring of dams fed a standard laboratory chow (NN). Hormone-sensitive lipase phosphorylation (Ser565) was reduced in epididymal adipose tissue from the HN group as compared to the NN group. It is interesting that all changes observed were independent of postweaning diet in 14-week-old offspring. Therefore, these data further reinforce the importance of maternal nutrition to adult offspring health.
Factors associated with fetal growth and body composition as measured by ultrasound.; OBJECTIVE: This study seeks to determine which parental demographic and metabolic factors best correlate with fetal growth and body composition as estimated by ultrasound. STUDY DESIGN: Thirty-one gravid patients had ultrasound estimates of fetal anthropometry in mid-third trimester. These measurements included estimated fetal weight, abdominal subcutaneous fat, and/or thigh subcutaneous fat thickness. Independent variables included diagnosis of gestational diabetes, parental demographic factors, neonatal sex, and late gestation estimates of carbohydrate metabolism. RESULTS: In the multivariate stepwise model the strongest predictor of ultrasound estimated fetal weight was basal hepatic glucose production, followed by late gestation insulin sensitivity (total R (2) = 0.27). The strongest predictors of abdominal subcutaneous fat thickness were weight gain and presence of gestational diabetes (total R (2) = 0.25). CONCLUSION: Measures of maternal carbohydrate metabolism, rather than fat mass, explain sonographic measurements of fetal weight. We speculate that factors other than maternal carbohydrate metabolism further explain the variances of fetal adiposity.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder characterised by polyuria, polydypsia, and excessive thirst usually manifesting in the third trimester of pregnancy. The etiology is thought to depend on excessive vasopressinase activity, a placental enzyme that degrades arginine-vasopressin (AVP), but not 1-deamino-8-D: -arginine vasopressin (dDAVP), which is a synthetic form. This is a transient syndrome and may be associated with acute fatty liver of pregnancy and preeclampsia. The use of dDAVP in symptomatic cases has been proven as a safe method for both the mother and the fetus during the pregnancy. We report a case of recurrent gestational diabetes insipidus in successive pregnancies, which responded to dDAVP and subsided after delivery.
Effect of HCV infection on glucose metabolism in pregnant women with HIV receiving HAART.; OBJECTIVE: A prospective study was designed to evaluate the prevalence and determinants of glucose metabolism abnormalities (GMAs) among HIV-1-infected pregnant women receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). METHODS: Blood samples were collected in fasting conditions and following a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test among HIV-infected pregnant women consecutively followed at asingle HIV reference centre in 2001-2008. GMAs were defined by glucose intolerance(IGT) or gestational diabetes (GDM), according to the National Diabetes Data Group criteria. Predictors of GMAs were assessed in univariate and multivariate analyses. RESULTS: Overall, 78 women with no history of diabetes or GMAs were eligible for analysis. All were on stable HAART with either nevirapine or protease inhibitors (PIs) from at least 4 weeks at the time of sampling. GMAs during pregnancy were observed in 20 women (25.6%; GDM: 6, 7.7%; IGT: 14, 17.9%). In a multivariate analysis, after adjusting for age and ongoing antiretroviral treatment (PI or nevirapine), GMAs in pregnancy were significantly associated with HCV coinfection(adjusted odds ratio 4.16; 95% CI, 1.22-14.1;p = .022). No maternal or neonatalcomplications were observed. CONCLUSION: GMAs represent a relevant issue in the management of HIV-1-infected pregnant women. Our data suggest that these abnormalities are relatively common in this particular group. Women with HCV coinfection have an increased risk of developing GMAs during pregnancy and should be monitored for potential complications.
Maternal high-fat diet modulates hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis and gene expression in the PPAR pathway in the early life of offspring.; Maternal dietary modifications determine the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult life. However, whether maternal high-fat feeding can modulate glucose and lipid metabolism in the early life of offspring is less understood. Furthermore, we explored the underlying mechanisms that influence the phenotype. Using C57BL/6J mice, we examined the effects on the offspring at weaning from dams fed with a high-fat diet or normal chow diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. Gene array experiments and quantitative real-time PCR were performed in the liver tissues of the offspring mice. The offspring of the dams fed the high-fat diet had a heavier body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, decreased insulin sensitivity, increased serum cholesterol and hepatic steatosis at weaning. Bioinformatic analyses indicated that all differentially expressed genes of the offspring between the two groups were mapped to nine pathways. Genes in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling pathway were verified by quantitative real-time PCR and these genes were significantly up-regulated in the high-fat diet offspring. A maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can modulate hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis, and gene expression in the PPAR signaling in the early life of offspring, and our results suggested that potential mechanisms that influences this phenotype may be related partially to up-regulate some gene expression in the PPAR signalling pathway.
Effect of dietary monosodium glutamate on HFCS-induced hepatic steatosis: expression profiles in the liver and visceral fat.; It has previously been shown that patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) exhibit alterations in both hepatic and adipose tissue metabolism, and the dietary factors that contribute to the pathogenesis of NAFLD are likely to be multifactorial. Using C57BL/6J mice, we examined whether chronic exposure to low-dose dietary monosodium glutamate (MSG), high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS), or a combination of the two, vs. control would affect metabolism and hepatic and visceral fat gene expression in adult male progeny. A maternal diet containing 20% HFCS and/or dietary MSG (97.2 +/- 6.3 mg/kg body weight (bw), provided in the drinking water) was offered ad libitum from 3 weeks before mating, and continued throughout gestation and weaning until the progeny reached 32 weeks of age. Liver and abdominal fat gene expression was compared with control animals fed isocaloric standard chow under identical conditions. HFCS induced hepatic steatosis and increased the expression of genes involved in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. Conversely, dietary MSG elevated serum free fatty acids (FFAs), triglycerides (TGs), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), and insulin, together with the expression of hepatic genes involved in lipid metabolism and bile synthesis. The HFCS+MSG combination elevated hepatic TGs, serum FFAs, and TG levels. In visceral white adipose tissue, both MSG and HFCS diets increased the expression of transcription factor Srebf2 and decreased expression of Ppargc1a, while downregulating the expression of mitochondrial respiratory chain components. MSG increased the expression of several genes implicated in adipocytes differentiation. We hypothesize that HFCS may promote hepatic steatosis, whereas dietary MSG induces dyslipidemia and markers of insulin resistance.
A maternal "junk food" diet in pregnancy and lactation promotes nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease in rat offspring.; With rising obesity rates, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is predicted to become the main cause of chronic liver disease in the next decades. Rising obesity prevalence is attributed to changes in dietary habits with increased consumption of palatable junk foods, but maternal malnutrition also contributes to obesity in progeny. This study examines whether a maternal junk food diet predisposes offspring to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The 144 rat offspring were fed either a balanced chow diet alone or with palatable junk foods rich in energy, fat, sugar, and/or salt during gestation, lactation, and/or after weaning up to the end of adolescence. Offspring fed junk food throughout the study exhibited exacerbated hepatic steatosis, hepatocyte ballooning, and oxidative stress response compared with offspring given free access to junk food after weaning only. These offspring also displayed sex differences in their hepatic molecular metabolic adaptation to diet-induced obesity with increased expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity, de novo lipogenesis, lipid oxidation, and antiinflammatory properties in males, whereas the gene expression profile in females was indicative of hepatic insulin resistance. Hepatic inflammation and fibrosis were not detected indicating that offspring had not developed severe steatohepatitis by the end of adolescence. Hepatic steatosis and increased oxidative stress response also occurred in offspring born to junk food-fed mothers switched to a balanced chow diet from weaning, highlighting a degree of irreversibility. This study shows that a maternal junk food diet in pregnancy and lactation contributes to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring.
Offspring of mothers fed a high fat diet display hepatic cell cycle inhibition and associated changes in gene expression and DNA methylation.; The association between an adverse early life environment and increased susceptibility to later-life metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is described by the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis. Employing a rat model of maternal high fat (MHF) nutrition, we recently reported that offspring born to MHF mothers are small at birth and develop a postnatal phenotype that closely resembles that of the human metabolic syndrome. Livers of offspring born to MHF mothers also display a fatty phenotype reflecting hepatic steatosis and characteristics of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In the present study we hypothesised that a MHF diet leads to altered regulation of liver development in offspring; a derangement that may be detectable during early postnatal life. Livers were collected at postnatal days 2 (P2) and 27 (P27) from male offspring of control and MHF mothers (n = 8 per group). Cell cycle dynamics, measured by flow cytometry, revealed significant G0/G1 arrest in the livers of P2 offspring born to MHF mothers, associated with an increased expression of the hepatic cell cycle inhibitor Cdkn1a. In P2 livers, Cdkn1a was hypomethylated at specific CpG dinucleotides and first exon in offspring of MHF mothers and was shown to correlate with a demonstrable increase in mRNA expression levels. These modifications at P2 preceded observable reductions in liver weight and liver∶brain weight ratio at P27, but there were no persistent changes in cell cycle dynamics or DNA methylation in MHF offspring at this time. Since Cdkn1a up-regulation has been associated with hepatocyte growth in pathologic states, our data may be suggestive of early hepatic dysfunction in neonates born to high fat fed mothers. It is likely that these offspring are predisposed to long-term hepatic dysfunction.
Ablation of the transcriptional regulator Id1 enhances energy expenditure, increases insulin sensitivity, and protects against age and diet induced insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis.; Obesity is a major health concern that contributes to the development of diabetes, hyperlipidemia, coronary artery disease, and cancer. Id proteins are helix-loop-helix transcription factors that regulate the proliferation and differentiation of cells from multiple tissues, including adipocytes. We screened mouse tissues for the expression of Id1 and found that Id1 protein is highly expressed in brown adipose tissue (BAT) and white adipose tissue (WAT), suggesting a role for Id1 in adipogenesis and cell metabolism. Id1(-/-) mice are viable but show a significant reduction in fat mass (P<0.005) over the life of the animal that was not due to decreased number of adipocytes. Analysis of Id1(-/-) mice revealed higher energy expenditure, increased lipolysis, and fatty acid oxidation, resulting in reduced triglyceride accumulation in WAT compared to Id1(+/+) mice. Serum levels of triglycerides (193.9±32.2 vs. 86.5±33.8, P<0.0005), cholesterol (189.4±33.8 vs. 110.6±8.23, P<0.0005) and leptin (1263±835 vs. 222±260, P<0.005) were significantly lower in aged Id1(-/-) mice compared to Id1(+/+) mice. Id1-deficient mice have higher resting (P<0.005) and total (P<0.05) O(2) consumption and lower respiratory exchange ratio (P<0.005), confirming that Id1(-/-) mice use a higher proportion of lipid as an energy source for the increased energy expenditure. The expression of PGC1α and UCP1 were 2- to 3-fold up-regulated in Id1(-/-) BAT, suggesting that loss of Id1 increases thermogenesis. As a consequence of higher energy expenditure and reduced fat mass, Id1(-/-) mice displayed enhanced insulin sensitivity. Id1 deficiency protected mice against age- and high-fat-diet-induced adiposity, insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis. Our findings suggest that Id1 plays a critical role in the regulation of energy homeostasis and could be a potential target in the treatment of insulin resistance and fatty liver disease.
A novel cause for abnormal liver function tests in pregnancy and the puerperium: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the commonest liver disease in the western world, but has never been reported in pregnancy before. We suggest that NAFLD should also be considered as a cause for abnormal liver function tests during pregnancy. As NAFLD is driven by insulin resistance, it is biologically plausible that pregnancy may reveal previously subclinical disease. Obstetricians have a vital role in optimising maternal health during and after pregnancy and therefore we need to include NAFLD in the differential diagnosis for abnormal liver function tests and recommend lifestyle modifications that may prevent progression to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prenatal dexamethasone programs expression of genes in liver and adipose tissue and increased hepatic lipid accumulation but not obesity on a high-fat diet.; The association between low birth weight and cardiovascular disease is amplified by the development of obesity. We explored the effects of postnatal high-fat (HF) feeding in dexamethasone (Dex)-programmed rats, in which prenatal glucocorticoid overexposure is associated with reduced birth weight and adult glucose intolerance. Male Wistar rats exposed to Dex or vehicle (Veh) during the last week of gestation were weaned onto HF or control diets for 6 months. Dex-exposed animals were of lower birth weight and showed catch-up growth by 7 wk. There were no differences in obesity or hyperinsulinaemia between Dex-HF and Veh-HF animals. However, Dex-HF animals had increased hepatic triglyceride content compared with Veh-HF animals. mRNA transcript profiles in adipose tissue revealed depot-specific changes in the expression of genes involved in fatty acid esterification and triglyceride synthesis and storage with prenatal Dex exposure. Thus, antenatal glucocorticoid overexposure in rats does not confer increased sensitivity to HF diet-induced obesity, but increases susceptibility to fatty liver. This may be due to depot-specific-programmed alterations in fat metabolism in adipose tissue.
Body and liver fat mass rather than muscle mitochondrial function determine glucose metabolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Ectopic lipid storage in muscle (intramyocellular lipids [IMCL]) and liver (hepatocellular lipids [HCL]) coexists with impaired myocellular flux through ATP synthase (fATPase) in certain cohorts with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Because women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have elevated ectopic lipids and diabetes risk, we tested whether deteriorated energy metabolism contributes to these abnormalities. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 23 glucose-tolerant nonobese pGDM and eight women with normal glucose metabolism during pregnancy with similar age, body mass, and physical activity underwent oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) and intravenous glucose tolerance tests at 4-5 years after delivery. OGTT values <463 mL ⋅ min(-1) ⋅ m(-2) were considered to indicate insulin resistance. pGDM were further stratified into insulin-resistant (pGDM-IR) and insulin-sensitive (pGDM-IS) groups. IMCL, HCL, and fATPase were measured with (1)H/(31)P magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS: pGDM had 36% higher fat mass and 12% lower insulin sensitivity. Log-transformed fATPase was lower in pGDM (10.6 ± 3.8 µmol ⋅ mL muscle(-1) ⋅ min(-1) vs. 12.1 ± 1.4 µmol ⋅ mL muscle(-1) ⋅ min(-1), P < 0.03) and related to plasma adiponectin after adjustment for body fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.04). IMCL were 61% and 69% higher in pGDM-IR (P < 0.05 vs. pGDM-IS) and insulin resistant women (P < 0.003 vs. insulin sensitive), respectively. HCL were doubled (P < 0.05) in pGDM and insulin resistant women, and correlated positively with body fat mass (r = 0.50, P < 0.01) and inversely with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.46, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Glucose-tolerant pGDM show increased liver fat but only slightly lower muscular insulin sensitivity and ATP synthesis. This suggests that alteration of hepatic lipid storage represents an early and predominant abnormality in this cohort.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on offspring health are more pronounced in skeletal growth than body composition and glucose tolerance.; Infants of diabetic mothers may have low arachidonic acid (AA) and develop obesity and insulin resistance in adulthood. The present study tested the effect of maternal diabetes and AA supplementation on offspring body composition, bone mass and glucose tolerance from 4 to 12 weeks. Rat dams were randomised into six groups using a 3 × 2 design. The rat dams were treated using the following treatments: saline-placebo, streptozotocin-induced diabetes (STZ) with glucose controlled at < 13 mmol/l (STZ/GC) or poorly controlled at 13-20 mmol/l (STZ/PC) using insulin, and fed either a control or an AA (0.5 % of fat) diet throughout reproduction. Weaned offspring were fed regular chow. Measurements included offspring body composition, bone and oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) plus liver fatty acids of dam and offspring. Comparable to saline-placebo offspring, the STZ/GC offspring had greater (P < 0.03) whole body and regional bone area than STZ/PC offspring. Maternal glucose negatively correlated (P < 0.05) with offspring whole body bone area and mineral content at 4 weeks in all offspring, and with tibia area in males at 12 weeks. Maternal liver DHA negatively (P < 0.03) correlated with femur and tibia mineral content and tibia mineral density of female offspring at 12 weeks. Offspring from AA-supplemented dams had higher (P = 0.004) liver AA at 4 weeks. Liver AA at 4 weeks positively (P = 0.05) correlated with lumbar spine mineral density in males. OGTT was not affected by maternal treatment or diet. These results suggest that maternal glucose control has long-term consequences to bone health of adult offspring. Skeletal growth appears more sensitive to maternal hyperglycaemia than glucose tolerance.
Modulation of lipid metabolism by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in gestational diabetic rats and their macrosomic offspring.; The time course of changes in lipid metabolism by dietary n-3 PUFAs (polyunsaturated fatty acids) in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats during pregnancy (days 12 and 21) and their macrosomic offspring at birth (day 0) and through adulthood (days 60 and 90) was studied with respect to adipose tissue, liver and serum lipid concentrations, and fatty acid composition. Glucose and insulin levels were also assessed in order to characterize the diabetic state of macrosomic offspring. Pregnant diabetic and control rats were fed either an Isio-4 or EPAX diet (enriched with n-3 PUFA). The same diets were also consumed by pups at weaning. Compared with control rats, during pregnancy diabetic rats had a significant elevation in liver and serum triacylglycerol (triglyceride) and cholesterol concentrations. At birth, macrosomic pups had higher serum insulin and glucose levels than control pups. The macrosomic rats maintained accelerated postnatal growth combined with high adipose tissue weight and lipid content through the first 12 weeks of age. The macrosomic pups from diabetic rats fed the Isio-4 diet also showed a significant enhancement in liver and serum triacylglycerol and cholesterol levels at birth and during adulthood. Feeding the EPAX diet to diabetic mothers as well as their macrosomic pups increased serum and liver levels of EPA (eicospentaenoic acid) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) with a reduction in arachidonic acid. The EPAX diet induced a significant decrease in liver and serum triacylglycerol and cholesterol concentrations in mothers during pregnancy and in their macrosomic pups during adulthood. Since the EPAX diet improves lipid anomalies considerably in diabetic mothers and their macrosomic offspring, it may prevent long-term metabolic abnormalities associated with macrosomia.
The reporting of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy on birth certificates and in hospital discharge data.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the accuracy of live-birth certificates and hospital discharge data that reported of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a population-based validation study in 19 non-federal short-stay hospitals in Washington state with a stratified random sample of 4541 women who had live births between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2000. True- and false-positive fractions were calculated. RESULTS: Birth certificate and hospital discharge data combined had substantially higher true-positive fractions than did birth certificate data alone for cardiac disease (54% vs 29%), acute or chronic lung disease (24% vs 10%), gestational diabetes mellitus (93% vs 64%), established diabetes mellitus (97% vs 52%), active genital herpes (77% vs 38%), chronic hypertension (70% vs 47%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (74% vs 49%), renal disease (13% vs 2%), and placenta previa (70% vs 33%). For the 2 medical risk factors that are available only on birth certificates, true-positive fractions were 37% for established genital herpes and 68% for being seropositive for hepatitis B surface antigen. CONCLUSION: In Washington, most medical conditions and complications of pregnancy that affect mothers are substantially underreported on birth certificates, but hospital discharge data are accurate in the reporting of gestational and established diabetes mellitus and placenta previa. Together, birth certificate and hospital discharge data are much superior to birth certificates alone in the reporting of gestational diabetes mellitus, active genital herpes, and chronic hypertension.
Obstetric and perinatal complications in HIV-infected women. Analysis of a cohort of 167 pregnancies between 1997 and 2003.; BACKGROUND: The unquestionable benefit of antiretroviral therapy in reducing the rate of mother-to-child transmission can be lessened by potential maternal or neonatal toxicity. OBJECTIVE: To analyze obstetric and perinatal complications in a cohort of HIV-infected pregnant women and their relationship with maternal antiretroviral therapy. POPULATION: One hundred and sixty-seven HIV-infected pregnant women who delivered at Hospital Universitario La Paz, Madrid, Spain between January 1997 and December 2003. METHODS: Data on the clinical and epidemiological characteristics of HIV-infected patients, previous and current antiretroviral therapy, gestational diabetes mellitus, length of pregnancy, mode of delivery, and weight of the newborn were collected. Pregnancy outcomes were compared with those of all the pregnant women attended at our hospital. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational diabetes mellitus, premature delivery, and low birth weight. RESULTS: Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed in 8.9% of patients. All the cases of gestational diabetes were in the combined antiretroviral therapy group, and the majority were receiving triple antiretroviral therapy with a protease inhibitor. The risk of developing this pathology was greater among women receiving antiretroviral therapy prior to pregnancy. The premature delivery rate was 29% and the low birth weight rate was 28%. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus is more common in HIV-infected women than in the general population and is related to combined antiretroviral therapy, especially the use of protease inhibitors, which suggests the need for close follow-up during pregnancy in HIV-infected patients. Nevertheless, the adverse perinatal consequences observed were more related to maternal factors than to antiretroviral therapy.
Ethnic and sex differences in the association between metabolic syndrome and suspected nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in a nationally representative sample of US adolescents.; OBJECTIVES: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasingly recognized among overweight adolescents. Metabolic syndrome often coexists with NAFLD in adults. This study aimed to determine whether, in US adolescents, metabolic syndrome increases the odds of alanine aminotransferase (ALT)>40 U/L, a surrogate for NAFLD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study of the association between metabolic syndrome and ALT>40 U/L was undertaken in a sample of 12- to 19-year-olds from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999 to 2002, representative of the US adolescent population. Subjects were excluded for incomplete data, pregnancy, steroid or hepatotoxic drug use, cholestasis or viral hepatitis, and alcohol intake. The metabolic syndrome was defined by adult criteria adapted for pediatric body size and blood pressure. The association of metabolic syndrome with ALT>40 U/L, effect modifiers, and confounders were analyzed using National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey sampling weights. RESULTS: Of 4902 adolescents, the 1323 included were similar to the excluded ones, except for the important variable sex (55% vs 49% male, P=0.03, respectively). The metabolic syndrome was associated with ALT>40 U/L (odds ratio [OR] 16.7, confidence interval [CI] 6.2-45.1, P<0.001) with significant interaction by sex: OR 20.4 (CI 6.2-66.7, P<0.001) for males versus 3.1 (CI 0.4-25.1, P=0.3) for females. Further stratification of males suggested interaction by ethnicity: OR 5.0 (CI 1.3-19.0, P=0.02) for Hispanics versus 34.3 (CI 7.61-55.4, P<0.001) for non-Hispanics. Among Hispanic males, adjustment for body mass index z score explained the association (OR 0.6; CI 0.1-2.9, P=0.5), whereas among non-Hispanic males, the association remained after adjustment for BMIz (OR 11.1; CI 3.2-38.0, P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic syndrome is strongly associated with ALT>40 U/L in US male adolescents. Body mass index z score explained this association among Hispanics, but not among non-Hispanic males. Significant sex and ethnic differences exist in the association of pediatric metabolic syndrome with elevated ALT.
Antepartum screening in the office-based practice: findings from the collaborative Ambulatory Research Network.; OBJECTIVE: To examine utilization patterns of four antepartum screening tests by office-based obstetricians. METHODS: The population surveyed was the Collaborative Ambulatory Research Network, a voluntary subset of 550 ACOG fellows from 130 practices participating in data collection regarding ambulatory practices. Responses from self-administered questionnaires concerning screening for hepatitis B, gestational diabetes, neural tube defects, and trisomy 21 were analyzed. RESULTS: Hepatitis screening was performed by all practices with 95% (2750 of 2886) of women tested; however, only 55% (six of 11) of at-risk newborns received treatment. For gestational diabetes screening, 94% (116 of 124) administer a 50-g glucose load to all parturients, regardless of risk factors, two-thirds initiate further testing for a 1-hour post-load glucose of 140 mg/dL or greater, and 34% do so at lower glucose levels (130-135 mg/dL). For neural tube defect screening, 92% (95 of 103) offer maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein (MSAFP) screening although when results are elevated, further recommendations are varied. For women under 35 years of age, 84% (87 of 103) offer serum screening for trisomy 21 risk, most (68%) with double or triple (MSAFP, hCG, and estriol) markers. For women over 35 years, a majority (87%) offer serum screening, although half do so only if amniocentesis is declined for age risk alone. The relatively high initial positive rate and poor specificity of serum screening were underappreciated by a large number of respondents. CONCLUSION: Increased initial and continuing education of antenatal care providers is warranted if these screening tools are to perform optimally within office practices.
[Ten questions on the causes and consequences of obesity: stress hormones].; In Switzerland, 6% of men and 5% of women are obese (BMI > 30); 33% of men and 17% of women are overweight (BMI 25-30). Both genetic and environmental factors are responsible for obesity. There is an increased risk of C-V disease, diabetes and steato-hepatitis in abdominal obesity (abdominal circumference > 102 cm for men and > 88 cm for women). There is also an increased level of cortisol, which could be due to a difficulty to cope with psycho-social stress. Leptine and different hormones play a role in fat storage. Menopause and pregnancy are moderate risk factors for obesity. Weight gain may also result from different drugs, smoking cessation and stress. Eating disorders such as boulimia and binge eating must be diagnosed and treated. Beneficial health effect of weight loss is analysed.
Altered cellular redox status, sirtuin abundance and clock gene expression in a mouse model of developmentally primed NASH.; BACKGROUND: We have previously shown that high fat (HF) feeding during pregnancy primes the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatits (NASH) in the adult offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms are unclear. AIMS: Since the endogenous molecular clock can regulate hepatic lipid metabolism, we investigated whether exposure to a HF diet during development could alter hepatic clock gene expression and contribute to NASH onset in later life. METHODS: Female mice were fed either a control (C, 7%kcal fat) or HF (45%kcal fat) diet. Offspring were fed either a C or HF diet resulting in four offspring groups: C/C, C/HF, HF/C and HF/HF. NAFLD progression, cellular redox status, sirtuin expression (Sirt1, Sirt3), and the expression of core clock genes (Clock, Bmal1, Per2, Cry2) and clock-controlled genes involved in lipid metabolism (Rev-Erbα, Rev-Erbβ, RORα, and Srebp1c) were measured in offspring livers. RESULTS: Offspring fed a HF diet developed NAFLD. However HF fed offspring of mothers fed a HF diet developed NASH, coupled with significantly reduced NAD(+)/NADH (p<0.05, HF/HF vs C/C), Sirt1 (p<0.001, HF/HF vs C/C), Sirt3 (p<0.01, HF/HF vs C/C), perturbed clock gene expression, and elevated expression of genes involved lipid metabolism, such as Srebp1c (p<0.05, C/HF and HF/HF vs C/C). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that exposure to excess dietary fat during early and post-natal life increases the susceptibility to develop NASH in adulthood, involving altered cellular redox status, reduced sirtuin abundance, and desynchronized clock gene expression.
A pilot study of vitamin E versus vitamin E and pioglitazone for the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Insulin resistance and oxidative stress contribute to the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). We conducted a pilot study for the following reasons: (1) to test the hypothesis that a combination of an antioxidant (vitamin E) and an insulin sensitizer (pioglitazone) would be superior to vitamin E alone for the treatment of NASH, and (2) to define the effects of these interventions on insulin-sensitive metabolic functions and correlate the effects with changes in liver histology. METHODS: A randomized prospective trial was performed to compare the efficacy and safety of vitamin E alone (400 IU/day) vs. vitamin E (400 IU/day) and pioglitazone (30 mg/day) in nondiabetic, noncirrhotic subjects with NASH. Metabolic functions were assessed by a 2-step, hyperinsulinemic (10 and 40 mU/m2/min) euglycemic clamp. RESULTS: A total of 10 patients were randomized to each arm. Two patients on combination therapy discontinued treatment; one because of pregnancy and the other because of hepatotoxicity. Treatment with vitamin E only produced a significant decrease in steatosis (mean grade, 2.2 vs. 1.4; P < .02). Compared with baseline, combination therapy produced a significant decrease in steatosis (mean, 2.3 vs. 1; P < .002), cytologic ballooning (1.3 vs. 0.2; P < .01), Mallory's hyaline (0.7 vs. 0.2; P < .04), and pericellular fibrosis (1.2 vs. 0.6; P < .03). Although vitamin E had no significant effects, combination therapy produced a significant increase in metabolic clearance of glucose and a decrease in fasting free fatty acid (FFA) and insulin. The decrease in fasting FFA and insulin independently predicted improvement in hepatic steatosis and cytologic ballooning. CONCLUSIONS: A combination of vitamin E and pioglitazone produces a greater improvement in NASH histology. The improvement in steatosis and cytologic ballooning are related to treatment-associated decreases in fasting FFA and insulin levels.
Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) drives postprandial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in pregnant women with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass operation.; BACKGROUND: The influential role of incretin hormones on glucose metabolism in patients with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) has been investigated thoroughly, but there has been little examination of the effect of incretins and ectopic lipids on altered glucose profiles, especially severe hypoglycemia in pregnant women with RYGB. METHODS: In this prospective clinical study, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) were conducted in 25 women with RYGB during pregnancy, 19 of normal weight (NW) and 19 with obesity (OB) between the 24th and the 28th weeks of pregnancy, and 3 to 6 months post-partum. Post-partum, the ectopic lipid content in the liver, heart, and skeletal muscle was analyzed using (1)H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy ((1)H-MRS). RESULTS: RYGB patients presented with major fluctuations in glucose profiles, including a high occurrence of postprandial hyperglycemic spikes and hypoglycemic events during the day, as well as a high risk of hypoglycemic periods during the night (2.9 ± 1.1% vs. 0.1 ± 0.2% in the OB and vs. 0.8 ± 0.6% in the NW groups, p < 0.001). During the extended OGTT, RYGB patients presented with exaggerated expression of GLP-1, which was the main driver of the exaggerated risk of postprandial hypoglycemia in a time-lagged correlation analysis. Basal and dynamic GLP-1 levels were not related to insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, or beta cell function and did not differ between pregnant women with and without GDM. A lower amount of liver fat (2.34 ± 5.22% vs.5.68 ± 4.42%, p = 0.015), which was positively related to insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR: rho = 0.61, p = 0.002) and beta-cell function (insulinogenic index: rho = 0.65, p = 0.001), was observed in the RYGB group after delivery in comparison to the OB group. CONCLUSION: GLP-1 is mainly involved in the regulation of postprandial glucose metabolism and therefore especially in the development of postprandial hypoglycemia in pregnant RYGB patients, who are characterized by major alterations in glucose profiles, and thus in long-term regulation, multiple organ-related mechanisms, such as the lipid content in the liver, must be involved.
Intermediate metabolism in association with the amino acid profile during the third trimester of normal pregnancy and diet-controlled gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the levels of fasting maternal plasma amino acids in normal pregnant women and compare them with those in gestational diabetes controlled by diet only. We also wished to delineate the alterations occurring in intermediate metabolic pathways in gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Forty-six (64.7%) pregnant women with uncomplicated pregnancy (NP group) and 25 (35.2%) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group) at 30-33 weeks of gestation participated in the study. Fasting maternal plasma carnitine (total, free, and acyl-carnitine), beta-hydroxybutyrate, free fatty acids, glycosylated hemoglobin, and 21 amino acids were assayed. RESULTS: Fasting carnitine esters exhibited lower levels in the GDM group (P = .03). Higher levels of fasting beta-hydroxybutyrate and free fatty acids (P < .001 and .02, respectively) were observed in the GDM group. Of the 21 amino acids, only methionine, glycine, alanine, citrulline, and ornithine levels were found at significantly higher levels in the NP group (P = .03, P < .001, P = .01, P < .001, and P < .001, respectively). CONCLUSION: In gestational diabetes, ketogenic amino acids and the branched-chain amino acid isoleucine are released at low rates from skeletal muscle and are mostly catabolized in the liver rather than in peripheral tissues. In contrast, in normal pregnancy proteinolysis is enhanced, and the ketogenic amino acids along with branched-chain amino acids are catabolized in both the liver and peripheral tissues. As a result, ketogenic amino acids are fully oxidized and gluconeogenesis becomes more efficient, whereas urea cycle operates at a higher rate.
[Dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia: a new target for treatment?].; Dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia is currently the most frequent cause of elevated ferritin levels in the general population. Whether dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia is a cause or an effect of insulin resistance is still a matter of debate. Still, several findings have been well established: increased iron intake or elevated ferritin levels are individual risk factors for diabetes, metabolic syndrome or gestational diabetes. When in presence of dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia, a small number of randomized controlled trials have suggested that therapeutic measures aimed at reducing ferritin levels such as low red meat consumption, deferoxamin or therapeutic phlebotomies have shown a beneficial effect on glucose homeostasis, lipid profile and impaired hepatic markers observed in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
History of gestational diabetes leads to distinct metabolic alterations in nondiabetic African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positive parental history of type 2 diabetes are predictors of the future development of type 2 diabetes in several populations. However, the relative importance of parental history of diabetes and/or history of GDM as risk factors for the pathogenesis of diabetes in African-Americans remains unknown. Thus, the objectives of the present study were 1) to characterize the glucose homeostatic regulations and 2) to examine the contribution of parental history of type 2 diabetes to the potential metabolic alterations found in nondiabetic African-American women with a history of GDM (HGDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We evaluated beta-cell secretion, insulin sensitivity (SI), and glucose-dependent glucose disposal (SG) in 15 glucose-tolerant African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes and prior GDM (HGDM) and 35 women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes but without prior GDM (NHGDM). Fifteen healthy nonobese nondiabetic subjects without a family history of diabetes served as control subjects. Body composition was determined by bioelectrical impedance analyzer, and body fat distribution pattern was determined by waist-to-hip ratio (WHR). Insulin-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance (FSIGT) test was performed in each subject. SI and SG were determined by the minimal model method. RESULTS: The mean age, BMI, percent body fat content, and lean body mass were not different between the subgroups of relatives with and without a history of GDM, but were greater than those of the healthy control subjects. Mean fasting and postchallenge serum glucose levels were slightly but significantly greater in the HGDM versus NHGDM subjects and the healthy control subjects. However, the 2-h glucose levels were greater in the relatives with and without GDM when compared with the healthy control subjects. In contrast, mean postprandial serum insulin responses were significantly lower between t = 30 and 120 min in the HGDM versus NHGDM groups and the healthy control subjects. The mean serum insulin levels were not different in the NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects. During the FSIGT test, acute first-phase insulin release (t = 0-5 min) was significantly lower in the HGDM versus NHGDM groups and healthy control subjects. Mean SI was significantly (P < 0.05) lower in the HGDM versus NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects (1.87 +/- 0.47 vs. 2.87 +/- 0.35 and 3.09 +/- 0.27 x 10(-4).min-1.[microU/ml]-1, respectively). SG was significantly lower in HGDM than NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects (2.11 +/- 0.15 vs. 3.25 +/- 0.50 and 2.77 +/- 0.22 x 10(-2).min-1, respectively). Mean glucose effectiveness at zero insulin concentrations (GEZI) was significantly lower in the HGDM subjects when compared with the NHGDM and healthy control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrates that in African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes and GDM, defects in early-phase beta-cell secretion, as well as a decreased SI, SG, and GEZI, persist when compared with those without GDM. We suggest that African-American women with a positive history of GDM have additional genetic defects that perhaps differ from that conferred by a parental history of diabetes alone. Alternatively, the metabolic and hormonal milieu during GDM may be associated with permanent alterations in beta-cell function, SI, and glucose effectiveness in African-American women. These defects could play a significant role in the development of GDM, and perhaps in the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes, in African-American women.
Guidelines for using five new prenatal laboratory tests.; All physicians, even those not routinely involved in prenatal care, should be aware of the laboratory tests recently recommended for inclusion in prenatal care. All pregnant women should undergo blood glucose testing to detect gestational diabetes mellitus. Women at risk for hepatitis B, Chlamydia trachomatis infection, or human immunodeficiency virus infections should be tested. All women should also be offered alpha fetoprotein testing for detection of neural tube defects. If test results are abnormal, appropriate management and/or counseling should be provided.
Vasopressin-resistant diabetes insipidus, liver dysfunction, hyperuricemia and decreased renal function. A case report.; A case of transient nephrogenic diabetes insipidus occurred in late pregnancy, the first associated with biopsy-proven hepatitis. Five previously reported cases occurred in pregnancy. All six patients demonstrated similar but transient signs, symptoms and laboratory abnormalities suggesting a syndrome peculiar to pregnancy. The characteristics of this syndrome are elevated liver function studies, decreased renal function, hyperuricemia and transient vasopressin-resistant diabetes insipidus.
[Effects of resolving method of Chinese medicine on the lipid metabolism in polycystic ovary syndrome accompanied with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease].; OBJECTIVE: To observe the therapeutic effect of resolving method of Chinese medicine (CM) on the lipid metabolism in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients accompanied with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), to analyze the correlation between PCOS and NAFLD, and to study its mechanisms. METHODS: Totally 70 female PCOS patients in the reproductive age (20 -40 years old) were recruited. Among them, 35 PCOS patients accompanied with NAFLD were recruited as Group A, and 35 PCOS patients without complicated NAFLD were recruited as Group B. At the same time, 20 healthy female volunteers were recruited as the control group. All subjects had their personal medical records after relevant questionnaire. Their clinical data including body height (BH), body weight (BW), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), testosterone (T), prolactin (PRL), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), estradiol (E2), leptin, fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), 2 h postprandial blood glucose (2 h PBG), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), etc. were detected. Patients in Group A were treated by the resolving method for 3 months. The follow-up was continued for 6 months after ending treatment. RESULTS: The levels of BW, BMI, WHR, T, LH, LH/FSH, leptin, FINS, 2 h PBG, HOMA-IR, and LDL-C were significantly higher in Group B than in the control group (P < 0.05). The level of FSH was significantly lower in Group B than in the control group (P < 0.05). The levels of BW, BMI, WC, HC, waist-hip-ratio (WHR), leptin, FINS, 2 h PBG, HOMA-IR, TG, LDL-C, ALT, and AST were significantly higher in Group A than in Group B (P < 0.05). The HDL-C level was significantly lower in Group A than in Group B (P < 0.05). In Group A after treatment by resolving method of CM, the menstrual cycle was recovered in 83.87% patients (26/31 cases), reduced fatty liver degree or disappearance of fatty liver degree occurred in 32.26% patients (10/31 cases), with the total effective rate being 85.71% (24/28 cases).48.28% (14/29) patients were pregnant. The levels of BW, BMI, FBG, leptin, TG, ALT, and AST significantly decreased when compared with those before treatment (P < 0.05). The level of SHBG significantly increased (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the levels of HOMA-IR, FINS, T, FSH, LH, or LH/FSH between before and after treatment (P > 0. 05). CONCLUSIONS: The metabolic disorder of glycolipid exists in PCOS patients, and more serious in PCOS patients accompanied with NAFLD. Resolving method can effectively restore the metabolic disturbance in PCOS patients accompanied with NAFLD, recover their fatty liver degrees, recover normal menstrual cycles, and elevate their pregnancy rates. Further studies are necessary on whether its mechanisms lie on lowering leptin levels and correcting lipid metabolisms to relieve patient's clinical symptoms.
[Gestational diabetes--a model trial. The effect of alloxan diabetes on the spectrum of fatty acids in the blood, liver and brain in laboratory rats].; In alloxan-induced diabetic rats (Wistar, females, age 3-4 months of postnatal life) the large spectrum of fatty acids in blood serum, brain cortex, medulla oblongata and liver was studied. The fatty acids, using gas chromatography, were detected as methyl esters and the methods were published previously (Smídová and al. 1994). Alloxan (Merck) administered i.p., 140 mg/kg body weight, caused immediately elevation (three times) of blood sugar levels. On the 13th day the rats were killed. The results are as follows: a) In blood serum alloxan diabetes of cca two weeks duration caused a significantly increased participation of saturated FA and decreased participation of both polyunsaturated FA (n-3 and n-6). b) In brain cortex no differences between controls and diabetic rats in the indicated groups of FA were found. c) In the medulla oblongata an increased participation of polyunsaturated fatty acids n-6 was established. d) In hepatic tissue the increased participation of saturated FA as well as a decreased participation of FA n-6 was described. Analysing the main groups of FA we found especially in n-3 and n-6 FA several significant changes in single FA (a smaller pool of arachidonic acid in blood serum as well as in liver, decreased participation of docosahexaenoic acid in the brain cortex, etc.). The purpose and possible consequences of such changes are discussed.
[Pregnancy in a class-T diabetic patient].; We report the pregnancy of a 35 year old diabetic woman with a positive Australia antigen, 3 years after a successful cadaver kidney transplant. Immunosuppressive therapy with prednisone, azathioprine and cyclosporine was maintained. Pregnancy was complicated by an acute rejection episode on week 13, mild hypertension and intrahepatic cholestasis on week 22. Cesarean section and tubal ligation were performed at 32 and a half weeks. A 2020 g female infant was delivered, with Apgar scores of 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 min, respectively. Mild respiratory distress, jaundice and hypocalcemia were noted. The Australia antigen was negative. No fetal anomalies were detected. The high risk of pregnancy in a class T diabetic patient is confirmed in this case.
High-fructose diet in pregnancy leads to fetal programming of hypertension, insulin resistance, and obesity in adult offspring.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of fructose-rich diets in the United States is on the rise and thought to be associated with obesity and cardiometabolic diseases. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the effects of antenatal exposure to high-fructose diet on offspring's development of metabolic syndrome-like phenotype and other cardiovascular disease risk factors later in life. STUDY DESIGN: Pregnant C57BL/6J dams were randomly allocated to fructose solution (10% wt/vol, n = 10) or water (n = 10) as the only drinking fluid from day 1 of pregnancy until delivery. After weaning, pups were started on regular chow, and evaluated at 1 year of life. We measured percent visceral adipose tissue and liver fat infiltrates using computed tomography, and blood pressure using CODA nonivasive monitor. Intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing with corresponding insulin concentrations were obtained. Serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, leptin, and adiponectin were measured in duplicate using standardized assays. Fasting homeostatic model assessment was also calculated to assess insulin resistance. P values <.05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Maternal weight, pup number, and average weight at birth were similar between the 2 groups. Male and female fructose group offspring had higher peak glucose and area under the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing curve compared with control, and higher mean arterial pressure compared to control. Female fructose group offspring were heavier and had higher percent visceral adipose tissue, liver fat infiltrates, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance scores, insulin area under the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing curve, and serum concentrations of leptin, and lower concentrations of adiponectin compared to female control offspring. No significant differences in these parameters were noted in male offspring. Serum concentrations of triglycerides or total cholesterol were not different between the 2 groups for either gender. CONCLUSION: Maternal intake of high fructose leads to fetal programming of adult obesity, hypertension, and metabolic dysfunction, all risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This fetal programming is more pronounced in female offspring. Limiting intake of high fructose-enriched diets in pregnancy may have significant impact on long-term health.
Maternal Fructose Intake, Programmed Mitochondrial Function and Predisposition to Adult Disease.; Fructose consumption is now recognised as a major risk factor in the development of metabolic diseases, such as hyperlipidaemia, diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and obesity. In addition to environmental, social, and genetic factors, an unfavourable intrauterine environment is now also recognised as an important factor in the progression of, or susceptibility to, metabolic disease during adulthood. Developmental trajectory in the short term, in response to nutrient restriction or excessive nutrient availability, may promote adaptation that serves to maintain organ functionality necessary for immediate survival and foetal development. Consequently, this may lead to decreased function of organ systems when presented with an unfavourable neonatal, adolescent and/or adult nutritional environment. These early events may exacerbate susceptibility to later-life disease since sub-optimal maternal nutrition increases the risk of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in future generations. Earlier dietary interventions, implemented in pregnant mothers or those considering pregnancy, may have added benefit. Although, the mechanisms by which maternal diets high in fructose and the vertical transmission of maternal metabolic phenotype may lead to the predisposition to adult disease are poorly understood. In this review, we will discuss the potential contribution of excessive fructose intake during pregnancy and how this may lead to developmental reprogramming of mitochondrial function and predisposition to metabolic disease in offspring.
Metabolism of methionine in vivo: impact of pregnancy, protein restriction, and fatty liver disease.; The coexistence of intrauterine and neonatal malnutrition and the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and related comorbidities have been confirmed in a number of studies in humans and animal models. Data from studies in animals suggest that epigenetic changes as a result of altered methylation of the genomic DNA may be responsible for such metabolic patterning. Methionine, an essential amino acid, plays a critical role in the methyltranferases involved in the methylation by providing the one-carbon units via the methionine transmethylation cycle. Because of its interaction with a number of vitamins (B12, folate, pyridoxine), its regulation by hormones, i.e. insulin and glucagon, and by the changes in redox state, methionine metabolism is effected by nutrient and environmental influences and by altered physiological states. In the present review the impact of human pregnancy, dietary protein restriction and fatty liver disease on methionine metabolism is discussed. The role of methionine in metabolic programming in a commonly used model of intrauterine growth retardation and in propagation of fatty liver disease is briefly described.
High dietary cholesterol intake during lactation promotes development of fatty liver in offspring of mice.; SCOPE: We have previously demonstrated in mice that a maternal high fat diet during lactation enhances the susceptibility of offspring to obesity and fatty liver. A causative molecule, however, is yet to be identified. Therefore, we examined the role of cholesterol, the dietary intake of which increases with consumption of a high fat diet. Excessive cholesterol intake is involved in the development of fatty liver, which in turn becomes a risk factor for metabolic syndrome, which includes obesity, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. However, our knowledge of the influences on offspring of excessive maternal cholesterol intake alone during pregnancy and lactation is limited. We examined how excessive maternal cholesterol intake during lactation influences susceptibility of the offspring to metabolic syndrome in mice. RESULTS: High cholesterol intake promoted triacylglycerol accumulation in the liver of offspring (p < 0.05), and elevated expression of molecules involved in hepatic lipoprotein influx was identified as the underlying mechanism. CONCLUSION: These findings demonstrate that excessive maternal cholesterol intake during lactation enhances the susceptibility of the offspring to development of fatty liver.
Transgenerational effects of obesogens and the obesity epidemic.; In the last three decades there has been a dramatic, worldwide increase in the incidence of obesity, particularly in Western societies. This trend has required a significant economic investment to treat obesity-related disorders such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. There is an urgent need to understand the factors that contribute to this increase in obesity in order to find new tools that will improve quality of life in affected individuals and to avoid the propagation of obesity to future generations. Endocrine disrupting chemicals have become an important piece of the obesity epidemic puzzle but little is known about the mechanism underlying their effects. In this commentary, we highlight recent work showing that the consequences of ancestral exposure to obesogenic chemicals results in the transmission of obesity-related phenotypes through at least three generations.
Severe maternal stress alters placental function, resulting in adipose tissue and liver dysfunction in offspring of mice.; The developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis is that future lifestyle diseases in offspring are associated with intrauterine origins in the mother; stress during pregnancy is a risk factor for these diseases in offspring. This study aimed to clarify association of maternal stress with placental dysfunction and offspring development in mice. We applied water stress for 24 h during late pregnancy to explore the metabolic response of offspring to a normal diet (ND) and high-fat diet (HFD). Placental functions were altered by maternal stress, reducing the birth weight of the offspring. In the later life of offspring fed with ND, maternal stress impaired systemic glucose tolerance and altered adipokine secretion in adipose tissue and/or liver. The female offspring of stress-induced dams were light in body weight with lower adipose tissue and smaller adipocytes in both the ND and HFD groups. Abnormal situations, such as dysregulation of plasma glucose levels and fatty liver despite and lower increases in body weight, were observed in the female offspring of stress-induced dams, especially in the HFD-treated group. These findings suggest that long-lasting abnormal conditions and responses to metabolic challenges in maternal stress-induced offspring are linked to placental dysregulation and fetal programming.
The effects of hepatitis B virus infection on natural and IVF pregnancy: A meta-analysis study.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) has been considered a significant cause of human reproductive failure in different studies; however, there is a considerable disagreement on the true impacts of HBV on female reproduction. This study has evaluated the impact of HBV infection on pregnancy complications in natural pregnancy and also on pregnancy outcomes in women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment. METHOD: We searched Embase, Web of Science, PubMed and Google Scholar databases to identify the potentially relevant studies. Summary odds ratio (OR) or standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) was applied to assess the relationship. Heterogeneity testing, sensitivity analysis and publication bias testing were also performed. RESULTS: A total of 42 studies concerning the effect of HBV infection on the natural and IVF pregnancy were included in this study. Our meta-analysis results revealed that HBV infection had a positive correlation to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) [OR = 1.32 (1.17-1.48) (p < 0.01)] and preterm birth [OR = 1.26 (1.14-1.40) (p < 0.01)] in natural pregnancy; however, HBV infection was not significantly associated with decreased fertility rates among the patients who underwent IVF. CONCLUSION: This study revealed a strong association of GDM and preterm birth with higher rates of HBV infection in pregnant women. Also, our results suggested that HBV infection in patients undergoing IVF may not negatively influence the pregnancy outcome. It may be rational to conclude that IVF might be rather a safe and effective method for HBV+ females who desire to have children.
Heterogeneous metabolic changes of brown and white adipose tissues are associated with metabolic adaptations in periparturient mice.; Pregnancy requires metabolic adaptations in order to meet support fetal growth with nutrient availability. In this study, the influence of pregnancy on metabolically active organs (adipose tissues in particular) was investigated. Our results showed that maternal weight and adipose mass presented dynamic remodeling in the periparturient mice. Meanwhile, pregnancy mice displayed obvious glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in late pregnancy as compared to non-pregnancy, which were partially reversed at parturition. Further analyses revealed that different fat depots exhibited site-specific adaptions of morphology and functionality as pregnancy advanced. Brown and inguinal white adipose tissue (BAT and IngWAT) exhibited obviously decreased thermogenic activity; by contrast, gonadal white adipose tissue (GonWAT) displayed remarkably increased lipid mobilization. Notably, we found that mammary gland differentiation was enhanced in IngWAT, followed by BAT but not in GonWAT. These result indicated that brown and white adipose tissues might synergistically play a crucial role in maintaining the maximum of energy supply for mother and fetus, which facilitates the mammary duct luminal epithelium development as well as the growth and development of fetus. Accompanied with adipose adaptation, however, our results revealed that the liver and pancreas also displayed significant metabolic adaptability, which together tended to trigger the risk of maternal metabolic diseases. Importantly, pregnancy-dependent obesity in our mice model resembled the disturbed metabolic phenotypes of pregnant women such as hyperglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia. Our findings in this study could provide valuable clues for better understanding the underlying mechanisms of metabolic maladaptation and facilitate the development of the prevention and treatment of metabolic diseases.
[HBV and pregnancy].; The clinical course of HBV infection in pregnant women does not usually differ from the course in non-pregnant women. Hepatitis flare rarely occurs during pregnancy, but it is frequent after delivery. HBV carrier status is associated with a higher incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-term labour and miscarriage. In the case of HBV-infected women wishing to become pregnant, the therapy could be delayed after delivery if the liver disease is mild, while if the woman has a moderate/severe liver disease, or becomes pregnant while on treatment, the potential risks of the antivirals have to be compared with the risks of hepatitis flares with progression to hepatic decompensation without treatment. The availability of highly effective passive-active immunoprophylaxis of the neonate using hepatitis B immune globulin and hepatitis B vaccine has considerably reduced the incidence of the vertical transmission of HBV infection, but a residual risk exists in cases of high maternal HBV-DNA levels: in such cases, the administration of anti-viral therapy during the third trimester of pregnancy may further reduce the risk of neonatal infection.
Effects of Arsenite Exposure during Fetal Development on Energy Metabolism and Susceptibility to Diet-Induced Fatty Liver Disease in Male Mice.; BACKGROUND: Chronic exposure to arsenicals at various life stages and across a range of exposures has been implicated in cardiometabolic and liver disease, but disease predisposition from developmental exposures remains unclear. OBJECTIVES: In utero and post-weaning exposure to trivalent arsenic (AsIII) was examined on the background of a Western-style diet to determine whether AsIII exposure affects metabolic disease. METHODS: Male Swiss Webster mice were exposed to 100 ppb AsIII in utero, after weaning, or both. Ad libitum access to a Western-style diet was provided after weaning, and the plasma metabolome, liver histopathology, liver enzyme activity, and gene expression were analyzed. RESULTS: Hepatic lipid composition and histopathology revealed that developmental AsIII exposure exacerbated Western-style diet-induced fatty liver disease. Continuous AsIII exposure increased cardiometabolic risk factors including increased body weight, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, and plasma triglycerides. AsIII exposure produced a decrease in the intermediates of glycolysis and the TCA cycle while increasing ketones. Hepatic isocitrate dehydrogenase activity was also decreased, which confirmed disruption of the TCA cycle. Developmental AsIII exposure increased the expression of genes involved in fatty acid synthesis, lipogenesis, inflammation, and packaging of triglycerides, suggesting an increased acetyl coenzyme A (acetyl-CoA) load. CONCLUSIONS: In utero and continuous early-life exposure to AsIII disrupted normal metabolism and elevated the risk for fatty liver disease in mice maintained on a high-fat diet. Our findings suggest that individuals exposed to AsIII during key developmental periods and who remain exposed to AsIII on the background of a Western-style diet may be at increased risk for metabolic disease later in life.
Pregnancy and Metabolic-associated Fatty Liver Disease: A Clinical Update.; The intricate relationship between metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and maternal complications has rapidly become a significant health threat in pregnant women. The presence of MAFLD in pregnancy increases the maternal risk of metabolic complications and comorbidities for both mother and baby. The preexistence or development of MAFLD in pregnancy is a complex multifactorial disorder that can lead to further complications for mother and baby. Therefore, as pregnant women are severely underrepresented in clinical research, there is a great need for a fair inclusion of this group in clinical trials. This review aims to explore the effects of MAFLD during pregnancy in the context of maternal complications and outcomes and explore the effects of pregnancy on the development and progression of MAFLD within the context of maternal obesity, altered metabolic profiles, gestational diabetes and altered hormonal profiles. We also addressed potential implications for the presence of MAFLD during pregnancy and its management in the clinical setting.
[Prevention and factors associated with anti-HCV carriage in pregnant women living in Cotonou].; INTRODUCTION: hepatitis C is an infection which can be passed from mother to child. The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of colonization by anti-HCV antibodies in pregnant women living in Cotonou and to identify factors associated with it. METHODS: we conducted a cross-sectional study of 253 pregnant women admitted for prenatal care in four major maternity hospitals in Cotonou (Benin) from 01/06/2018 to 01/09/2018. Anti-HCV antibodies were detected using rapid diagnostic tests. A venous blood sample was collected from pregnant women tested positive for anti-HCV before confirmatory serological tests and screening tests for gestational diabetes. RESULTS: the prevalence of anti-HCV antibodies was 1.2% (3/253 pregnant women). Factors associated with HCV carriage couldn't be identified given the low number of positive cases. However, pregnant women who were carriers of hepatitis C antibodies had higher mean age (32 ± 3) compared to the remainder of the population (29.58 ± 5.5). Potential risk factors for HCV infection were scarifications, piercing, tattooing, sharing of manicure equipment, a history of surgery and blood transfusions. The prevalence of gestational diabetes in our study population was 7.9% (20/253). No association was found between gestational diabetes and hepatitis C. CONCLUSION: the prevalence of anti-HCV antibodies in pregnant women living in Cotonou was low. A national-level study is needed to identify factors associated with this infection.
A sociodemographic, anthropometric and lifestyle-based prediction score for screening children with overweight and obesity for hepatic steatosis: The HEPAKID index.; BACKGROUND: Hepatic steatosis (HS) is currently the most prevalent hepatic disease in paediatric population and a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The proper identification of children with HS is therefore of great public health interest. OBJECTIVE: To develop a new prediction score using anthropometric, sociodemographic and lifestyle factors to identify children with HS (the HEPAKID index). Previously published biochemical paediatric screening tools were validated in the same cohort. METHODS: A total of 115 pre-adolescent children aged 8 to 12 years with overweight/obesity, recruited at hospital paediatric units were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. HS (≥5.5% hepatic fat) was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Anthropometric, sociodemographic and lifestyle variables were collected by validated tests/questionnaires. RESULTS: Forty-one children had MRI-diagnosed HS (35.6%, 49% girls). These children had (P < .01) a higher waist-height ratio, a lower cardiorespiratory fitness, a younger gestational age, and consumed more sugar-sweetened beverages than their HS-free peers. Children with HS were more likely to belong to an ethnic minority (P < .01) and to spend longer viewing screens than recommended (P < .05). The addition of these variables to the multivariate logistic regression model afforded a HEPAKID index with high discriminatory capacity (area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve: 0.808, 95% CI 0.715-0.901), and score of ≥25.0 was associated with high sensitivity (82%, 95% CI 68%-96%). Biochemical biomarker-based paediatric tools for identifying HS showed only moderate discriminatory capacity and low sensitivity (5%-41%) in this cohort. CONCLUSIONS: The HEPAKID index is the first simple, non-invasive, sensitive, inexpensive and easy-to-perform screening that can identify children with overweight or obesity who have HS.
Maternal Chronic Conditions and Risk of Cerebral Palsy in Offspring: A National Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Previous studies suggest that children of mothers with certain chronic conditions may be at increased risk of cerebral palsy (CP). We explored possible associations between 17 maternal chronic conditions and CP in offspring. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study of Norwegian children born in 1990-2012 and surviving to 2 years of age. Information on maternal chronic conditions during pregnancy were extracted from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (1990-2012). Information on chronic conditions in mothers and fathers recorded in the Norwegian Patient Registry (2008-2014) was available for a subset of children. CP diagnoses were extracted from the National Insurance Scheme (1990-2014) and the Norwegian Patient Registry (2008-2014). We estimated relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of CP in offspring of parents with chronic conditions compared with the general population using log binominal regression models. RESULTS: A total of 1 360 149 Norwegian children, including 3575 children with CP (2.6 per 1000 live births), fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The highest risk of CP was among offspring of mothers with type 2 diabetes (RR 3.2; 95% CI 1.8-5.4), lupus erythematosus (RR 2.7; 95% CI 0.9-8.3), type 1 diabetes (RR 2.2; 95% CI 1.4-3.4), and Crohn disease (RR 2.1; 95% CI 1.0-4.1) during pregnancy. No increased risks were seen for offspring of fathers with chronic conditions. CONCLUSIONS: Several maternal chronic conditions were associated with increased risk of CP in offspring. Maternal autoimmune disorders carried a particular risk.
Maternal Low-Protein Diet during Puberty and Adulthood Aggravates Lipid Metabolism of Their Offspring Fed a High-Fat Diet in Mice.; A maternal low-protein (LP) diet during gestation and/or lactation results in metabolic syndrome in their offspring. Here, we investigated the effect of maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood on the metabolic homeostasis of glucose and lipids in offspring. Female mice were fed with normal-protein (NP) diet or a LP diet for 11 weeks. Male offspring were then fed with a high-fat diet (NP-HFD and LP-HFD groups) or standard chow diet (NP-Chow and LP-Chow groups) for 4 months. Results showed that maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood did not alter the insulin sensitivity and hepatic lipid homeostasis of their offspring under chow diet, but aggravated insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and hypercholesterolemia of offspring in response to a post-weaning HFD. Accordingly, transcriptomics study with offspring's liver indicated that several genes related to glucose and lipid metabolism, including lipoprotein lipase (Lpl), long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 1 (Acsl1), Apoprotein A1 (Apoa1), major urinary protein 19 (Mup19), cholesterol 7α hydroxylase (Cyp7a1) and fibroblast growth factor 1 (Fgf1), were changed by maternal LP diet. Taken together, maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood could disarrange the expression of metabolic genes in the liver of offspring and aggravate insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in offspring fed a HFD.
Metabolism disrupting chemicals and metabolic disorders.; The recent epidemics of metabolic diseases, obesity, type 2 diabetes(T2D), liver lipid disorders and metabolic syndrome have largely been attributed to genetic background and changes in diet, exercise and aging. However, there is now considerable evidence that other environmental factors may contribute to the rapid increase in the incidence of these metabolic diseases. This review will examine changes to the incidence of obesity, T2D and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the contribution of genetics to these disorders and describe the role of the endocrine system in these metabolic disorders. It will then specifically focus on the role of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) in the etiology of obesity, T2D and NAFLD while finally integrating the information on EDCs on multiple metabolic disorders that could lead to metabolic syndrome. We will specifically examine evidence linking EDC exposures during critical periods of development with metabolic diseases that manifest later in life and across generations.
Hypoxia ameliorates maternal diet-induced insulin resistance during pregnancy while having a detrimental effect on the placenta.; Maternal overweight/obesity contributes significantly to the development of gestational diabetes, which causes risks to both mother and fetus and is increasing sharply in prevalence worldwide. Since hypoxia reprograms energy metabolism and can alleviate weight gain, adiposity, insulin resistance (IR), and dyslipidemia, we set out to study the potential of sustained reduced ambient oxygen tension (15% O(2) ) during pregnancy for alleviating the detrimental effects of diet-induced IR in C57Bl/6N mice, taking normal chow-fed and normoxia (21% O(2) ) groups as controls. Our data show that hypoxic intervention reduced maternal weight gain, adiposity, and adipose tissue inflammation, and ameliorated maternal glucose metabolism and IR during gestation in diet-induced IR relative to normoxia. Where diet-induced IR reduced maternal hemoglobin and increased serum erythropoietin levels, hypoxic intervention compensated for these changes. Diet-induced IR reduced fetal growth in normoxia, and even more in hypoxia. Hypoxic intervention reduced liver weight gain during pregnancy in the dams with diet-induced IR, maternal liver weight being positively associated with embryo number. In case of diet-induced IR, the hypoxic intervention compromised placental energy metabolism and vascularization and increased end-pregnancy placental necrosis. Altogether, these data show that although hypoxic intervention mediates several beneficial effects on maternal metabolism, the combination of it with diet-induced IR is even more detrimental to the placental and fetal outcome than diet-induced IR alone.
[Impact of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen carrier status on preterm delivery in southern China].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the impact of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) carrier status on the occurrence of preterm birth. METHODS: We analyzed pregnancy-related complications, outcomes and fetal growth index in 188 HBsAg positive singleton pregnant women during the period of May 2009 to July 2011, with 265 HBsAg-negative women with singleton pregnancies in the same period serving as controls. RESULTS: The HBsAg-positive pregnant women showed a significantly higher incidence of placenta praevia than the control group (2.66% vs 0%, P=0.03), and the incidence of preterm delivery (<37 weeks) was also significantly higher in HBsAg-positive group (12.23% vs 6.04%, P=0.02). The incidences of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal glucose tolerance, premature rupture of membranes, cesarean delivery, and postpartum hemorrhage showed no significant differences between the two groups (P>0.05), nor did the fetal birth weight, height, head circumference or Apgar scores at 1, 5, and 10 min (P>0.05). Logistic regression identified HBsAg positivity, abnormal ALT, placenta praevia, and severe preeclampsia as the risk factors for preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: HBsAg carrier status can increase the risk of preterm delivery in pregnancy, but it does not seem to affect the fetal growth.
Impact of maternal infection with hepatitis B virus on pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology treatment: A population-based study.; The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) status on pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology (ART). A total of 7,011 pregnancies achieved by ART were included from a population-based database involving 523,111 pregnancies. Exposures of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) among pregnant women were routinely tested at the first antenatal visit for all pregnancies. We collected pregnancy complications (e.g., gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy [ICP]), neonatal outcomes and confounding variables from the same database. Univariate and multivariate analyses by adjusting confounders were conducted to evaluate the impact of maternal HBV infection. Prevalence of HBsAg seropositivity (HBsAg+) was 11.34% (95% CI 10.6-12.1) and that of HBsAg and HBeAg co-seropositivity (HBsAg+HBeAg+) was 2.55% (2.1-3.0) among included population. Compared with HBsAg-group, ICP risk in the HBsAg+group was higher (4.03% vs. 1.79%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.49, 1.65-3.77). Similarly, ICP prevalence in the HBsAg+HBeAg+ group was higher than that in the HBsAg-HBeAg- group (6.47% vs. 1.61%; aOR 4.78, 2.28-9.98). No associations were found between maternal HBV infection (i.e., HBsAg+, HBsAg+HBeAg+, or HBsAg+HBeAg-) and other adverse outcomes for women undergoing ART (i.e., GDM, pre-eclampsia, placental previa, premature separation of placenta, premature rupture of membranes, preterm birth and low birthweight) in this study. In conclusion, maternal HBV infection (HBsAg+or HBsAg+HBeAg+) probably increase ICP risk, but may not associate with other pregnancy complications or neonatal outcomes for pregnant women who underwent ART.
Effects of hepatitis B virus infection and strategies for preventing mother-to-child transmission on maternal and fetal T-cell immunity.; One of the most common routes of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). Approximately 6.4 million children under the age of five have chronic HBV infections worldwide. HBV DNA high level, HBeAg positivity, placental barrier failure, and immaturity of the fetal immune are the possible causes of chronic HBV infection. The passive-active immune program for children, which consists of the hepatitis B vaccine and hepatitis B immunoglobulin, and antiviral therapy for pregnant women who have a high HBV DNA load (greater than 2 × 10(5) IU/ml), are currently two of the most important ways to prevent the transmission of HBV from mother to child. Unfortunately, some infants still have chronic HBV infections. Some studies have also found that some supplementation during pregnancy can increase cytokine levels and then affect the level of HBsAb in infants. For example, IL-4 can mediate the beneficial effect on infants' HBsAb levels when maternal folic acid supplementation. In addition, new research has indicated that HBV infection in the mother may also be linked to unfavorable outcomes such as gestational diabetes mellitus, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and premature rupture of membranes. The changes in the immune environment during pregnancy and the hepatotropic nature of HBV may be the main reasons for the adverse maternal outcomes. It is interesting to note that after delivery, the women who had a chronic HBV infection may spontaneously achieve HBeAg seroconversion and HBsAg seroclearance. The maternal and fetal T-cell immunity in HBV infection is important because adaptive immune responses, especially virus-specific CD8 T-cell responses, are largely responsible for viral clearance and disease pathogenesis during HBV infection. Meanwhile, HBV humoral and T-cell responses are important for the durability of protection after fetal vaccination. This article reviews the literature on immunological characteristics of chronic HBV-infected patients during pregnancy and postpartum, blocking mother-to-child transmissions and related immune mechanisms, hoping to provide new insights for the prevention of HBV MTCT and antiviral intervention during pregnancy and postpartum.
[INFLUENCE OF CHRONIC IMMOBILIZATION STRESS DURING PREGNANCY ON MORPHOFUNCTIONAL STATE OF THE LIVER IN FEMALE RATS DURING POSTPARTUM PERIOD].; Morphofunctional state of the liver (in particular, indexes of carbohydrate, protein, and fat metabolism, structural elements and condition of vascular endothelium of the liver) in female rats subjected to immobilization stress during pregnancy, has been studied. Morphological changes in the liver include discomplexation of beam-radial structure, pyknosis of hepatocyte nucleus, increased regeneration activity of parenchyma, and increased stromal parenchymal index. Functional disorders are manifested by development of dysproteinemia, hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, and increased activity of organo-specific liver enzymes. It testifies to risk of fibrosis and diffuse nodular cirrhosis development in the animals, as well as diabetes mellitus of type II in the future.
Dose threshold for radiation induced fetal programming in a mouse model at 4 months of age: Hepatic expression of genes and proteins involved in glucose metabolism and glucose uptake in brown adipose tissue.; Exposure to ionizing radiation contributing to negative health outcomes is a widespread concern. However, the impact of low dose and sub-lethal dose radiation (SLDR) exposures remain contentious, particularly in pregnant women who represent a vulnerable group. The fetal programming hypothesis states that an adverse in utero environment or stress during development of an embryo or fetus can result in permanent physiologic changes often resulting in progressive metabolic dysfunction with age. To assess changes in gene expression profiles of glucose/insulin signaling and lipid metabolism caused by radiation exposure in utero, pregnant C57Bl/6J mice were irradiated using a dose response ranging from low dose to SLDR and compared to a Sham-irradiated group. mRNA expression analysis in 16 week old offspring (n = 84) revealed that genes involved in metabolic function including glucose metabolism, insulin signaling and lipid metabolism were unaffected by prenatal radiation exposures up to 300 mGy. However, female offspring of dams exposed to 1000 mGy had upregulated expression of genes contributing to insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis. In a second cohort of mice, the effects of SLDR on fetal programming of hepatic SOCS3 and PEPCK protein expression were assessed. 4 month old female offspring of dams irradiated at 1000 mGy had: 1) increased liver weights, 2) increased hepatic expression of proteins involved in glucose metabolism and 3) increased 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) uptake in interscapular brown adipose tissue (IBAT) measured by positron emission tomography (PET) (n = 25). The results of this study indicate that prenatal radiation exposure does not affect metabolic function up to 300 mGy and 1000 mGy may be a threshold dose for sex-specific alterations in glucose uptake and hepatic gene and protein expression of SOCS3, PEPCK, PPARGC1A and PPARGC1B. These findings suggest that SLDR doses alter glucose uptake in IBAT and hepatic gene and protein expression of offspring and these changes may progress with age.
Liver volume and hepatic adiposity in childhood: relations to body growth and visceral fat.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The sequence of prenatal growth restraint and postnatal catch-up growth may lead to hepato-visceral adiposity, insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation before the onset of puberty. In prepubertal children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) or small for gestational age (SGA), we assessed potential relationships between the aforementioned sequence and liver volume. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The study population consisted of 86 children (41 AGA and 45 SGA with catch-up growth; age (mean±s.e.m.), 8.5±0.1 years), recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies. Anthropometry, endocrine-metabolic variables and inflammatory and hepatic markers were assessed, along with liver volume, hepatic adiposity and abdominal fat partitioning (by magnetic resonance imaging). RESULTS: AGA and SGA children differed in hepato-visceral adiposity, but had similar liver volumes. Boys had larger livers than girls, and higher sex hormone binding globulin and inflammation markers. Liver volume correlated with height Z-score, body mass index Z-score, HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and with subcutaneous and visceral fat, but not with birth weight Z-score or with hepatic adiposity. Height, visceral fat, gender and HOMA-IR were major determinants of liver volume, together explaining 61% of its variance. CONCLUSIONS: The trajectory from prenatal restraint, via postnatal catch-up, to hepato-visceral adiposity and insulin resistance does not appear to be detectably influenced by prepubertal alterations of liver volume. Further follow-up will disclose the potential role of liver volume in the pubertal segment of this trajectory, and whether the augmented fat content and visceral adiposity in SGA subjects is followed by the development of metabolic syndrome and hepatic dysfunction in adulthood.
[Acquired partial lipodystrophy. Insulin resistance, hepatic lipase activity and small and dense LDL particles].; Partial lipodystrophy (PLD) is an infrequent condition characterized by symmetric loss of subcutaneous adipose tissue in the upper or lower part of the body, although occasionally it affects only the extremities. In all cases it appears along with acantosis nigricans (AN), insulin resistance and impairment in the metabolism of lipids and carbohydrates. The case depicted pertains to a 49 year old female with no family history involving loss of adipose tissue in face and upper body. No fat in lower part of body was observed. The patient showed facial thinning at age 8, AN at 11 and gestational diabetes during her fourth pregnancy at 33. At present, the patient presents severe hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia with a marked insulin resistance. Type IV hyperlipoproteinemia (OMS), declined C-HDL and Apo A1 and low C-LDL but with a high proportion of small and dense LDL particles were present. Non esterified fatty acids were high. Lipoprotein lipase and hepatic lipase activities are in the lower limit and increased respectively. Fraction C3 of the complement was diminished. No mutations were observed either in codons 170, 809 and 972 of the IRS-1 receptor or in codon 276 of the adrenergic beta 2 gene.
Hepatitis C and pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Many women living with hepatitis C (HCV) are of childbearing age. While the risk of vertical HCV transmission has been well established, the impact of HCV on pregnancy outcomes are equivocal, with some studies reporting risks of preterm birth, low gestational weight, gestational diabetes and hypertension, while other studies report no such risks. With the shift of the HCV treatment landscape to more effective, tolerable and shorter medications, understanding pregnancy outcomes of women living with HCV are an important consideration in order to provide a baseline from which to consider the usefulness and safety of HCV treatment for this population. The objective of this systematic review will be to investigate pregnancy outcomes associated with maternal HCV infection. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This systematic review will incorporate articles relevant to pregnancy outcomes among women living with HCV (eg, gestational diabetes and caesarean delivery). Articles will be retrieved from academic databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, clinicaltrial.gov and the Cochrane Library and hand searching of conference proceedings and reference lists. A database search will not be restricted by date, and conference abstract will be restricted to the past 2 years. The Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale will be used to assess the quality of the retrieved studies. Data will be extracted and scored independently by two authors. A narrative account will synthesise the findings to answer the objectives of this review. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This systematic review will synthesise the literature on the pregnancy outcomes of women living with HCV. Results from this review will be disseminated to clinical audiences, community groups and policy-makers, and may support clinicians and decision-makers in developing guidelines to promote best outcomes for this population.
The Role of Endothelial Dysfunction in the Pathogenesis of Pregnancy-Related Pathological Conditions: A Review.; In the recent decades, endothelial dysfunction (ED) has been recognized as a significant contributing factor in the pathogenesis of many pathological conditions. In interaction with atherosclerosis, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension, ED plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of coronary artery disease, chronic renal disease, and microvascular complications in diabetes mellitus. Although ED plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy-related disorders such as preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome, fetal growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus, the exact pathogenetic mechanisms are still a matter of debate. The increased prevalence of these entities in patients with preexisting vascular diseases highlights the essential pathological role of the preexisting ED in these patients. The abnormal uteroplacental circulation and the release of soluble factors from the ischemic placenta into the maternal bloodstream are the main causes of the maternal ED underlying the characteristic preeclamptic phenotype. Besides the increased risk for maternal and fetal poor outcomes, the preexisting ED also increases the risk of development of future cardiovascular diseases in these patients. This study aimed to look deeper into the role of ED in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy-related hypertensive and liver diseases. Hopefully, it could contribute to improvement of the awareness, knowledge, and management of these conditions and also to the reduction of the adverse outcomes and additional long-term cardiovascular complications.
Maternal high-fat diet induces insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function in adult offspring with sex differences in mice.; Intrauterine environment may influence the health of postnatal offspring. There have been many studies on the effects of maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on diabetes and glucose metabolism in offspring. Here, we investigated the effects in male and female offspring. C57/BL6J mice were bred and fed either control diet (CD) or HFD from conception to weaning, and offspring were fed CD or HFD from 6 to 20 wk. At 20 wk, maternal HFD induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in offspring. Additionally, liver triacylglycerol content, adipose tissue mass, and inflammation increased in maternal HFD. In contrast, extending previous observations, insulin secretion at glucose tolerance test, islet area, insulin content, and PDX-1 mRNA levels in isolated islets were lower in maternal HFD in males, whereas they were higher in females. Oxidative stress in islets increased in maternal HFD in males, whereas there were no differences in females. Plasma estradiol levels were lower in males than in females and decreased in offspring fed HFD and also decreased by maternal HFD, suggesting that females may be protected from insulin deficiency by inhibiting oxidative stress. In conclusion, maternal HFD induced insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function, with marked sex differences in adult offspring accompanied by adipose tissue inflammation and liver steatosis. Additionally, our results demonstrate that potential mechanisms underlying sex differences in pancreatic β-cell function may be related partially to increases in oxidative stress in male islets and decreased plasma estradiol levels in males.
Unravelling the mechanisms by which chronic hepatitis B infection is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes.; An independent association between chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) and the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) has been reported in the literature. Ethnic background and regional influences have been demonstrated to play a role in the reporting of incidence rates of GDM among women with chronic HBV. The mechanisms behind this association are poorly understood, but evidence suggests an inflammatory basis. Viral factors such as chronic HBV replication, quantifiable by HBV viral load, have been proposed to contribute to the increasing risk of insulin resistance in pregnancy. More research is needed to better characterise the association and determine if any interventions early in pregnancy for women infected with chronic HBV would mitigate the development of GDM.
Acute fatty liver of pregnancy.; Acute fatty liver of pregnancy is a rare clinical entity unique to pregnancy that occurs during the third trimester. The obstetric team must be familiar with this disease because early diagnosis and prompt delivery have dramatically improved prognosis, which was often fatal for both mother and child. Clinicians must have a high index of suspicion for this condition when a woman has nausea or vomiting, abdominal pain (particularly epigastric), jaundice, polyuria-polydipsia (without diabetes), increased serum transaminase activity or thrombocytopenia in late pregnancy. The disease rarely recurs during a subsequent pregnancy. The cause is unknown, but some cases of acute fatty liver of pregnancy have been associated with a genetic deficiency of fatty acid beta-oxidation. Because of the possibility of this congenital deficiency, infants of affected mothers should undergo close follow-up from birth.
Pre-natal undernutrition and post-natal overnutrition are associated with permanent changes in hepatic metabolism markers and fatty acid composition in sheep.; AIM: Determine the impacts of pre- and early-post-natal nutrition on selected markers of hepatic glucose and fat metabolism. METHODS: Twin-bearing ewes were fed 100% (NORM) or 50% (LOW) of protein and energy requirements during the last 6-weeks of gestation. Twin-lambs received either a high-carbohydrate high-fat (HCHF) or conventional (CONV) diet from 3 days to 6 months of age (around puberty), whereafter lambs from the four subgroups were slaughtered (16 males/3 females). Remaining lambs (19 females) were fed a moderate diet and slaughtered at 2 years of age (young adults). RESULTS: Pre-natal LOW nutrition was associated with increased hepatic triglyceride, ceramide and free fatty acid content in adulthood (not observed in lambs), which was accompanied by up-regulated early-stage insulin signalling as reflected by increased INSRβ and PI3K-p110 protein expression. The HCHF diet increased hepatic triglyceride content in lambs, associated with down-regulated expressions of energy-metabolism-related genes (GLUT1, PPARα, SREBP1c, PEPCK). These post-natal effects were not observed in adult HCHF sheep, after they had received a moderate (body-fat correcting) diet for 1.5 years. Interestingly, pre-natal LOW nutrition induced permanent alterations in hepatic phospholipids' fatty acid composition. Thus, the amount of linoleic acid (C18 : 2 ∆(9,12)) was significantly increased and composition of rumen-derived fatty acids were altered, indicating changed composition of rumenal microbiota. CONCLUSION: Hepatic insulin signalling and linoleic and microbial-derived fatty acid content in phospholipids are targets of foetal programming induced by late-gestation undernutrition. Future studies are required to explain their cause-effect associations with increased risks of developing hepatic steatosis and insulin insensitivity in adulthood.
Autoimmune hepatitis in pregnancy: Pearls and pitfalls.; Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) in pregnancy has many unique considerations. Evidence provided from single center studies with patient level data and nationwide population studies provide valuable insight into this complex situation. Because a planned pregnancy is a safer pregnancy, preconception counseling is a crucial opportunity to optimize care and risk stratify women with AIH. Women with chronic liver disease who receive preconception advice and counseling are more likely to achieve stable liver disease at conception and undergo appropriate variceal surveillance. Loss of biochemical response in pregnancy is associated with adverse outcomes in unstable disease. New onset AIH in pregnancy should be managed with classical treatment regimens. The continued use of immunosuppression in pregnancy, with the exception of mycophenolate mofetil, has not shown to adversely affect the rates of stillbirth or congenital malformation. Previously adopted immunosuppression withdrawal paradigms in pregnancy should no longer be considered advantageous, because remission loss postdelivery is likely (12%-86%). Population studies, report improved outcomes with preterm birth rates falling from 20% to 9%-13% in AIH pregnancies over a 20-year period. Newer data have also demonstrated an increased risk of gestational diabetes and hypertensive complications in AIH pregnancy, which has implications for management and preeclampsia prevention with aspirin use. This review aims to provide the framework to guide and manage pregnancy in AIH outlining pearls and pitfalls to ensure optimal outcomes for mother, baby and to reduce variation in practice.
Obesity-driven prepartal hepatic lipid accumulation in dairy cows is associated with increased CD36 and SREBP-1 expression.; We investigated the hypothesis that obesity in dairy cows enhanced expression of proteins involved in hepatic fatty acid uptake and metabolism. Sixteen Holstein-Friesian close-up cows were divided into 2 equal groups based on their body condition score (BCS) as optimal (3.25≤BCS≤3.5) and high (4.0≤BCS≤4.25). Intravenous glucose tolerance test (GTT) and liver biopsies were carried out at day 10 before calving. Blood samples were collected before (basal) and after glucose infusion, and glucose, insulin and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) levels were determined at each sample point. In addition, β-hydroxybutyrate and triglycerides levels were measured in the basal samples. The liver biopsies were analyzed for total lipid content and protein expression of insulin receptor beta (IRβ), fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 (SREBP-1). Basal glucose and insulin were higher in high-BCS cows, which coincided with higher circulating triglycerides and hepatic lipid content. Clearance rate and AUC for NEFA during GTT were higher in optimal-BCS cows. The development of insulin resistance and fatty liver in obese cows was paralleled by increased hepatic expression of the IRβ, CD36 and SREBP-1. These results suggest that increased expression of hepatic CD36 and SREBP-1 is relevant in the obesity-driven lipid accumulation in the liver of dairy cows during late gestation.
Hepatitis B Virus Infection and Increased Risk of Gestational Diabetes Regardless of Liver Function Status: A Xiamen Area Population-Based Study.; Background & Aims: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a significant cause of liver function damage. However, previous studies on HBV mainly aimed at ordinary people, and there is a lack of consensus on the relationship between HBV infection and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and whether HBV-infected pregnant women should undergo antiviral treatment. In addition, systematic studies on the impact of HBV infection on GDM have rarely been studied directly. Therefore, the overall goal of this study was to pursue the association between HBV infection, liver function, and GDM using Xiamen area gestational big data. Methods: Using the Xiamen Primary Health Information System-maternal and child health information system, the data on participants (138,867 in total) expected confinement between 2008 and 2018 were included. Using univariate and multivariate logistic regressions, we constructed models to determine the role of HBV infection and liver function status in GDM. In addition, an analysis of variance tests was performed to study whether the relationship between HBsAg and GDM differed in the normal liver function and the abnormal liver function subgroups. Results: HBsAg's positive status showed a substantial correlation with GDM onset in univariate and multivariate logistic regressions (p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis among HBsAg, liver function, and GDM suggests that both HBsAg and liver function affect the onset of GDM and have the highest prevalence of both abnormalities. Furthermore, ANOVA was used to investigate the association of HBsAg positive (p < 0.001), abnormal liver function (p < 0.001), and their interaction (p = 0.302) on the onset of GDM. This result showed that HBsAg is an independent factor of GDM pathogenesis, regardless of liver function status. Conclusion: HBsAg and liver function are independent factors in GDM. Therefore, regarding these results, while clinicians consider the traditional risk factors of GDM, it is necessary to consider the HBV infection status. Conducting a dietary intervention for HBsAg-positive pregnant women at the early stage of pregnancy is conducive to reducing the adverse effects.
Maternal obesity during lactation may protect offspring from high fat diet-induced metabolic dysfunction.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The current obesity epidemic has spurred exploration of the developmental origin of adult heath and disease. A mother's dietary choices and health can affect both the early wellbeing and lifelong disease-risk of the offspring. SUBJECTS/METHODS: To determine if changes in the mother's diet and adiposity have long-term effects on the baby's metabolism, independently from a prenatal insult, we utilized a mouse model of diet-induced-obesity and cross-fostering. All pups were born to lean dams fed a low fat diet but were fostered onto lean or obese dams fed a high fat diet. This study design allowed us to discern the effects of a poor diet from those of mother's adiposity and metabolism. The weaned offspring were placed on a high fat diet to test their metabolic function. RESULTS: In this feeding challenge, all male (but not female) offspring developed metabolic dysfunction. We saw increased weight gain in the pups nursed on an obesity-resistant dam fed a high fat diet, and increased pathogenesis including liver steatosis and adipose tissue inflammation, when compared to pups nursed on either obesity-prone dams on a high fat diet or lean dams on a low fat diet. CONCLUSION: Exposure to maternal over-nutrition, through the milk, is sufficient to shape offspring health outcomes in a sex- and organ-specific manner, and milk from a mother who is obesity-prone may partially protect the offspring from the insult of a poor diet.
Antiretroviral therapies in pregnancy: maternal, fetal and neonatal effects. Swiss HIV Cohort Study, the Swiss Collaborative HIV and Pregnancy Study, and the Swiss Neonatal HIV Study.; BACKGROUND: Therapies containing two reverse transcriptase inhibitors (RTI) with or without protease inhibitors are used with increasing frequency in pregnant HIV-infected women. OBJECTIVE: To assess the safety of antiretroviral therapy in pregnant women and their newborns. METHODS: All clinical events and laboratory abnormalities in pregnant women on RTI with or without protease inhibitors and in their newborns were collected through an observational study. RESULTS: A total of 37 HIV-infected pregnant women have given birth to 30 children (by 30 April 1998). All received RTI, which were combined with protease inhibitors in 16 cases. Twelve women became pregnant while on treatment. Drugs used were as follows: zidovudine (n = 33), lamivudine (n = 33), stavudine (n = 4), indinavir (n = 9), ritonavir (n = 4), nelfinavir (n = 2) and saquinavir (n = 2). Adverse events during pregnancy were anaemia (n = 15), elevation of transaminases (n = 4), nausea/vomiting (n = 4), glucose intolerance (n = 2), nephrolithiasis (n = 2), diarrhoea (n = 2), hypertension (n = 1), insulin-requiring diabetes (n = 1). Adverse events in neonates were prematurity (n = 10), anaemia (n = 8), cutaneous angioma (n = 2), cryptorchidism (n = 2), transient hepatitis (n = 1). Non-life-threatening intracerebral haemorrhage occurred in a premature baby (33 weeks gestation) exposed during fetal life to zidovudine-lamivudine-indinavir, and in a term baby exposed to stavudine-lamivudine-indinavir. Extrahepatic biliary atresia occurred in one newborn exposed to zidovudine-lamivudine-indinavir. Maternal viral load was below 400 copies/ml in 18 out of 30 patients who delivered. One case of mother-to-child HIV transmission was identified. CONCLUSIONS: In HIV-infected pregnant women treated with two RTI with or without protease inhibitors, one or more adverse events occurred in 29 out of 37 women and in 14 out of 30 babies. In newborns, frequent prematurity, one case of biliary malformation and one intracerebral haemorrhage in a term baby are of concern. These observations do not preclude combination therapies during pregnancy but emphasize the necessity to maintain updated registers on their safety.
Effect of dietary monosodium glutamate on trans fat-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; The effects of dietary monosodium glutamate (MSG) on trans-fatty acid (TFA)-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are addressed in an animal model. We used Affymetrix microarray analysis to investigate hepatic gene expression and the contribution of visceral white adipose tissue (WAT) to diet-induced NAFLD. Trans-fat feeding increased serum leptin, FFA, HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), and total cholesterol (T-CHOL) levels, while robustly elevating the expression of genes involved in hepatic lipogenesis, including the transcription factor sterol-regulatory element binding protein 1c. Histological examination revealed hepatic macrosteatosis in TFA-fed animals. Conversely, dietary MSG at doses similar to human average daily intake caused hepatic microsteatosis and the expression of beta-oxidative genes. Serum triglyceride, FFA, and insulin levels were elevated in MSG-treated animals. The abdominal cavities of TFA- or MSG-treated animals had increased WAT deposition compared with controls. Microarray analysis of WAT gene expression revealed increased lipid biosynthetic gene expression, together with a 50% decrease in the key transcription factor Ppargc1a. A combination of TFA+MSG resulted in the highest levels of serum HDL-C, T-CHOL, and leptin. Microarray analysis of TFA+MSG-treated livers showed elevated expression of markers of hepatic inflammation, lipid storage, cell damage, and cell cycle impairment. TFA+MSG mice also had a high degree of WAT deposition and lipogenic gene expression. Levels of Ppargc1a were further reduced to 25% by TFA+MSG treatment. MSG exacerbates TFA-induced NAFLD.
Implication of SH2B1 gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in Saudi pregnant women.; Genome-wide association studies have identified loci that are firmly associated with obesity. The Src-homology-2 B adaptor protein 1 (SH2B1) loci is abundantly expressed in the brain, liver, heart, muscle, and fat tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing health concern that usually appears during the latter half of pregnancy, and it is characterized by carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity. The SH2B1 gene polymorphism has been linked with an increased risk of weight gain in several but not all population studies. This study aimed to investigate the genetic association of rs4788102 variants in the SH2B1 gene with GDM in Saudi pregnant women. Genomic DNA samples from 200 women with GDM and 300 women without GDM were genotyped using the TaqMan method. The distribution of the GG, GA, and AA genotypes was significantly different between GDM and non-GDM women (p < 0.05). Thus, we identified rs4788102 variants as additional risk factors for GDM in Saudi women, and we suggest that these variants may have a prognostic value.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Autoimmune Hepatitis - A Nationwide Population-based Cohort Study With Histopathology.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) is a chronic inflammatory liver condition that predominantly affects women. However, pregnancy risks remain unclear. METHODS: A nationwide population-based cohort study (ESPRESSO) in Sweden from 1992 to 2016 including 309 singleton births in women with AIH and 1532 matched births in women from the general population was performed. AIH was diagnosed as a combination of administrative coding from medical diagnosis of AIH and liver biopsy data from Sweden's 28 pathology departments. Using conditional logistic regression, odds ratios (ORs) for adverse pregnancy outcomes were determined. RESULTS: Among 306 live births to women with AIH, 51 (16.7%) were preterm, compared with 70 of 1524 (4.6%) reference births. This corresponded to an OR of 5.10 for preterm birth (95% confidence interval [CI], 3.29-7.92), with similar odds using sibling comparators. Women with AIH with and without cirrhosis had similar odds for preterm birth. The AIH association was particularly strong with medically indicated preterm birth (OR, 13.01; 95% CI, 5.50-30.79). AIH was associated with low birth weight (OR, 5.31; 95% CI, 2.82-9.99) and low 5-minute Apgar score (OR, 3.46; 95% CI, 1.14-10.49) offspring, but we found no association with congenital malformations (OR, 1.14; 95% CI, 0.68-1.91), small for gestational age (OR, 1.04; 95% CI, 0.38-2.85), stillbirth (OR, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.02-18.88), or neonatal death (OR, 7.42; 95% CI, 0.65-84.25). Maternal AIH was linked to an increased odds of cesarean section (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.04-2.00) and preeclampsia (OR, 3.65; 95% CI, 2.01-6.64), but not to gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal AIH was associated with a 5-fold higher odds of preterm birth, and cirrhosis at diagnosis did not add to the impact of AIH on preterm birth. Future studies are needed to understand how to reduce this risk.
High Choline Intake during Pregnancy Reduces Characteristics of the Metabolic Syndrome in Male Wistar Rat Offspring Fed a High Fat But Not a Normal Fat Post-Weaning Diet.; Maternal choline intakes are below recommendations, potentially impairing the child's later-life metabolic health. This study aims to elucidate the interaction between the choline content of the gestational diet (GD) and fat content of the post-weaning diet (PWD) on metabolic phenotype of male Wistar rats. Pregnant Wistar rats were fed a standard rodent diet (AIN-93G) with either recommended choline (RC, 1 g/kg diet choline bitartrate) or high choline (HC, 2.5-fold). Male pups were weaned to either a normal (16%) fat (NF) or a high (45%) fat (HF) diet for 17 weeks. Body weight, visceral adiposity, food intake, energy expenditure, plasma hormones, triglycerides, and hepatic fatty acids were measured. HC-HF offspring had 7% lower body weight but not food intake, and lower adiposity, plasma triglycerides, and insulin resistance compared to RC-HF. They also had increased hepatic n-3 fatty acids and a reduced n-6/n-3 and C 18:1 n-9/C18:0 ratios. In contrast, HC-NF offspring had 6-8% higher cumulative food intake and body weight, as well as increased leptin and elevated hepatic C16:1 n-7/C16:0 ratio compared to RC-NF. Therefore, gestational choline supplementation associated with improved long-term regulation of several biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in male Wistar rat offspring fed a HF, but not a NF, PWD.
EMS Diabetic Protocols For Treat and Release.; For prehospital providers, there are several causes for the patient with altered mental status or being unconscious to include the mnemonic AEIOU TIPS for Alcohol and acidosis, Endocrine, Epilepsy, Electrolytes, Encephalopathy, Infection, Opiates, Overdose, Uremia, Underdose, Trauma (head injury and blood loss), Insulin, Poisoning, Psychosis, Stroke, Seizure, and Syncope. Hypoglycemia, or low blood glucose level, is one of the most common causes of altered mental status for patients with and without diabetes. Estimates are that 1 to 2 percent of prehospital encounters and 7% of refusals are for hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus often referred to as "diabetes" or "sugar" by laypeople is the most common endocrine disorder where the body does not either produce enough insulin or has a resistance to the circulating insulin, and is characterized by high blood sugar levels over prolonged periods. The three main types of diabetes are type I (previously referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or juvenile-onset), type II (formerly referred to as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset) and gestational. Insulin is an anabolic hormone produced in the beta cells of the pancreatic islets. The primary function of insulin is to regulate the metabolism of carbohydrates, protein, and fat through the absorption of glucose sugar from the blood into the liver, fat, and skeletal muscle cells. These small glucose molecules are then converted into larger molecules and stored for later usage.  Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) This condition is commonly referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes or previously as childhood/adolescent-onset diabetes. It accounts for approximately 5% to 10% of all cases of diabetes. It can be related to the autoimmune destruction of insulin-producing beta cells in the islets of the pancreas from different causes, including genetic susceptivity, viral illness, toxins or alcohol-induced pancreatitis, or some dietary factors.  The age group affected is usually children and adolescents, but adults can develop T1DM.  As the name "insulin-dependent" implies, it requires the administration of subcutaneous insulin via intermittent injections or pump infusion. Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) This variant is commonly referred to as non-insulin diabetes or previously as adult-onset diabetes.  It accounts for approximately 90% of all cases of diabetes.  It is related to the desensitization of insulin/insulin resistance (response to insulin becomes diminished) in various tissues. Initially, there is an increase in insulin production, but this decreases over time. T2DM most commonly presents in persons older than 45 years, but it increasingly occurs in children, adolescents, and younger adults due to rising levels of obesity, physical inactivity, and energy-dense diets. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Hyperglycemia first detected during pregnancy is classified as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Although it can occur anytime during pregnancy, GDM generally affects pregnant women during the second and third trimesters. According to the American Diabetes Association (ADA), GDM complicates 7% of all pregnancies. Women with GDM and their offspring have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in the future.  Types of Therapies Therapy for hyperglycemia is dependant upon how much insulin the body is producing, or how well that insulin that is produced is working.  The majority of patients with T2DM will be on an oral type of medication.  Patients with T1DM will be on a combination of either long-acting insulin with short-acting as a sliding scale, intermediate-acting insulin with short-acting insulin as a sliding scale, combination premixed insulin, or be on an insulin pump. Hypoglycemia  One of the public health concerns for diabetes mellitus and unintended complications for the reduction in blood glucose levels is hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia, by definition, is a plasma glucose concentration below 70 mg/dL, with most patients not having signs or symptoms until the plasma glucose concentrations drop below 55 mg/dL. Low plasma glucose concentration that requires assistance from another individual qualifies as severe hypoglycemia, and by context, all EMS encounters fall into this category.  There has been an increase in morbidity (poor quality of life, series falls or car accidents, dementia, and hospitalization) and mortality related to severe hypoglycemia.  Based upon 2015 data from NEMSIS, prehospital activation for diabetes-related cases accounts for about 2.3% of all activations, with the primary EMS encounter being hypoglycemia. Patients experiencing severe hypoglycemia or other diabetes-related concerns typically reach out for help by calling 911 who may dispatch a fire department or EMS agency depending on the jurisdiction. Care is then provided by the first on scene provider who may be an emergency medical technician (EMT) intermediate or advanced emergency medical technician (IEMT or AEMT) or paramedic. Treat and release versus transport of patients with hypoglycemia by EMS providers depends on the clinical guidelines or protocols from either the state or regional level by medical directors. It is important to understand that patients with severe hypoglycemia are at a higher risk of having complications related to the hypoglycemic state.  Villani et al. indicated that approximately 50% of patients with severe hypoglycemia required transport to the hospital, and of that group, 41.3% were admitted to the hospital.  One of the first studies on the topic of treating and releasing hypoglycemic patients in the field was "Development and Evaluation of Criteria Allowing Paramedics to Treat and Release Patients Presenting with Hypoglycemia: A Retrospective Study" published in Prehospital and Disaster Medicine in 1991. Their study design proposed five criteria that would allow for appropriate release that would not require additional treatment from prehospital providers to include: 1. The patient has a history of type 1 or type 2 diabetes. 2. Blood sugar prior to treatment is below 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 3. Blood sugar after treatment is equal to or greater than 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 4. The patient has a normal mental status within 10 minutes of treatment. . 5. The patient does not have any other complicating factors that required ED evaluation to such alcohol, chest pain, dyspnea, injuries related to falls, and/or renal dialysis. A 2016 study by Rostykus et al. reviewed prehospital clinical guidelines for hypoglycemia in 185 EMS agencies in the United States.  It revealed that less than half allowed for non-transport of patients with hypoglycemia after the low plasma glucose level was corrected. A study by Moffet et al. looked at hypoglycemic patients treated by EMS in Alameda County from 2013 to 2015 and found that the transport rate was 13.5%. The demographic trends for those non-transported patients were adult patients < 60 years of age, males, finger stick blood glucose levels > 60 mg/dl, and EMS arrival times between 1800 and 0600.
High Fat Diet Exposure during Fetal Life Enhances Plasma and Hepatic Omega-6 Fatty Acid Profiles in Fetal Wistar Rats.; Pregnant rats were fed a high fat diet (HFD) for the first (HF1), second (HF2), third (HF3) or all three weeks (HFG) of gestation. Maintenance on a HFD during specific periods of gestation was hypothesized to alter fetal glycemia, insulinemia, induce insulin resistance; and alter fetal plasma and hepatic fatty acid (FA) profiles. At day 20 of gestation, fetal plasma and hepatic FA profiles were determined by gas chromatography; body weight, fasting glycemia, insulinemia and the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-insulin resistance) were also determined. HF3 fetuses were heaviest concomitant with elevated glycemia and insulin resistance (p < 0.05). HFG fetuses had elevated plasma linoleic (18:2 n-6) and arachidonic (20:4 n-6) acid proportions (p < 0.05). In the liver, HF3 fetuses displayed elevated linoleic, eicosatrienoic (20:3 n-6) and arachidonic acid proportions (p < 0.05). HFG fetuses had reduced hepatic docosatrienoic acid (22:5 n-3) proportions (p < 0.05). High fat maintenance during the final week of fetal life enhances hepatic omega-6 FA profiles in fetuses concomitant with hyperglycemia and insulin resistance thereby presenting a metabolically compromised phenotype.
A short periconceptional exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes is sufficient to disrupt the feto-placental phenotype in a rabbit model.; Tight metabolic control of type-1 diabetes is essential during gestation, but it could be crucial during the periconception period. Feto-placental consequences of maternal type-1 diabetes around the time of conception need to be explored. Using a rabbit model, type-1 diabetes was induced by alloxan 7 days before mating. Glycemia was maintained at 15-20 mmol/L with exogenous insulin injections to prevent ketoacidosis. At 4 days post-conception (dpc), embryos were collected from diabetic (D) or normoglycemic control (C) dams, respectively, and transferred into non-diabetic recipients. At 28dpc, D- and C-feto-placental units were collected for biometry, placental analyses and lipid profiles. D-fetuses were growth-retarded, hyperglycemic and dyslipidemic compared to C-fetuses. The efficiency of D-placentas was associated with an increased gene expression related to nutrient supply and lipid metabolism whereas volume density of fetal vessels decreased. Fetal plasma, placental and fetal liver membranes had specific fatty acid signatures depending on embryonic origin. Tissues from D-fetuses contained more omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid decreased while linoleic acid increased in the heart of D-fetuses. This study demonstrates that a short exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes in the periconception window, until the blastocyst stage, is able to irreversibly malprogram the feto-placental phenotype, through precocious and persistent structural and molecular adaptations of placenta.
Maternal chocolate and sucrose soft drink intake induces hepatic steatosis in rat offspring associated with altered lipid gene expression profile.; AIM: According to the World Diabetes Foundation, there is an urgent need to investigate the impact of maternal health and nutrition during pregnancy to understand the background for the accelerating incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes. In this study, we specifically concentrated on the role of overfeeding during different developmental periods. METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were offered chow or high-fat/high-sucrose diet (chow plus chocolate and soft drink) during gestation and lactation. At birth, offspring were randomly cross-fostered within each dietary group into small and normal litter sizes until weaning, giving four dietary groups. RESULTS: At postnatal day 1, offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams were heavier and had increased hepatic triglycerides (TG), hepatic glycogen, blood glucose and plasma insulin compared with offspring from chow-fed dams. Hepatic genes involved in lipid oxidation, VLDL transport and insulin receptor were down-regulated, whereas FGF21 expression was up-regulated. Independent of postnatal litter size, offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams aged 21 days had still increased hepatic TG and up-regulated FGF21 expression, while plasma insulin started to decrease. Litter size reduction in offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams further increased body weight and adiposity, and up-regulated genes involved in hepatic mitochondrial lipid oxidation and VLDL transport compared with all other groups. Litter size reduction did not have any impact on body weight gain and adiposity in offspring born to chow-fed dams. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that supplementation of chocolate and soft drink during gestation and lactation contributes to early onset of hepatic steatosis associated with changes in hepatic gene expression and lipid handling.
Fetal metabolic programming and epigenetic modifications: a systems biology approach.; A growing body of evidence supports the notion that epigenetic changes such as DNA methylation and histone modifications, both involving chromatin remodeling, contribute to fetal metabolic programming. We use a combination of gene-protein enrichment analysis resources along with functional annotations and protein interaction networks for an integrative approach to understanding the mechanisms underlying fetal metabolic programming. Systems biology approaches suggested that fetal adaptation to an impaired nutritional environment presumes profound changes in gene expression that involve regulation of tissue-specific patterns of methylated cytosine residues, modulation of the histone acetylation-deacetylation switch, cell differentiation, and stem cell pluripotency. The hypothalamus and the liver seem to be differently involved. In addition, new putative explanations have emerged about the question of whether in utero overnutrition modulates fetal metabolic programming in the same fashion as that of a maternal environment of undernutrition, suggesting that the mechanisms behind these two fetal nutritional imbalances are different. In conclusion, intrauterine growth restriction is most likely to be associated with the induction of persistent changes in tissue structure and functionality. Conversely, a maternal obesogenic environment is most probably associated with metabolic reprogramming of glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as future risk of metabolic syndrome (MS), fatty liver, and insulin (INS) resistance.
[Breastfeeding: health benefits for child and mother].; The prevalence of breastfeeding in France is one of the lowest in Europe: 65% of infants born in France in 2010 were breastfed when leaving the maternity ward. Exclusive breastfeeding allows normal growth until at least 6 months of age, and can be prolonged until the age of 2 years or more, provided that complementary feeding is started after 6 months. Breast milk contains hormones, growth factors, cytokines, immunocompetent cells, etc., and has many biological properties. The composition of breast milk is influenced by gestational and postnatal age, as well as by the moment of the feed. Breastfeeding is associated with slightly enhanced performance on tests of cognitive development. Exclusive breastfeeding for at least 3 months is associated with a lower incidence and severity of diarrhoea, otitis media and respiratory infection. Exclusive breastfeeding for at least 4 months is associated with a lower incidence of allergic disease (asthma, atopic dermatitis) during the first 2 to 3 years of life in at-risk infants (infants with at least one first-degree relative presenting with allergy). Breastfeeding is also associated with a lower incidence of obesity during childhood and adolescence, as well as with a lower blood pressure and cholesterolemia in adulthood. However, no beneficial effect of breastfeeding on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has been shown. Maternal infection with hepatitis B and C virus is not a contraindication to breastfeeding, as opposed to HIV infection and galactosemia. A supplementation with vitamin D and K is necessary in the breastfed infant. Very few medications contraindicate breastfeeding. Premature babies can be breastfed and/or receive mother's milk and/or bank milk, provided they receive energy, protein and mineral supplements. Return to prepregnancy weight is earlier in breastfeeding mothers during the 6 months following delivery. Breastfeeding is also associated with a decreased risk of breast and ovarian cancer in the premenopausal period, and of osteoporosis in the postmenopausal period.
Does Resveratrol Improve Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatotic Liver Disease (MASLD)?; Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) is influenced by a variety of factors, including environmental and genetic factors. The most significant outcome is the alteration of free fatty acid and triglyceride metabolism. Lipotoxicity, impaired autophagy, chronic inflammation, and oxidative stress, as well as coexisting insulin resistance, obesity, and changes in the composition of gut microbiota, are also considered crucial factors in the pathogenesis of MASLD. Resveratrol is a polyphenolic compound that belongs to the stilbene subgroup. This review summarises the available information on the therapeutic effects of resveratrol against MASLD. Resveratrol has demonstrated promising antisteatotic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activities in liver cells in in vitro and animal studies. Resveratrol has been associated with inhibiting the NF-κB pathway, activating the SIRT-1 and AMPK pathways, normalizing the intestinal microbiome, and alleviating intestinal inflammation. However, clinical studies have yielded inconclusive results regarding the efficacy of resveratrol in alleviating hepatic steatosis or reducing any of the parameters found in MASLD in human patients. The lack of homogeneity between studies, low bioavailability of resveratrol, and population variability when compared to animal models could be the reasons for this.
Maternal obesity and diabetes induces latent metabolic defects and widespread epigenetic changes in isogenic mice.; Intrauterine nutrition can program metabolism, creating stable changes in physiology that may have significant health consequences. The mechanism underlying these changes is widely assumed to involve epigenetic changes to the expression of metabolic genes, but evidence supporting this idea is limited. Here we have performed the first study of the epigenomic consequences of exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes. We used a mouse model of natural-onset obesity that allows comparison of genetically identical mice whose mothers were either obese and diabetic or lean with a normal metabolism. We find that the offspring of obese mothers have a latent metabolic phenotype that is unmasked by exposure to a Western-style diet, resulting in glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. The offspring show changes in hepatic gene expression and widespread but subtle alterations in cytosine methylation. Contrary to expectation, these molecular changes do not point to metabolic pathways but instead reside in broadly developmental ontologies. We propose that, rather than being adaptive, these changes may simply produce an inappropriate response to suboptimal environments; maladaptive phenotypes may be avoidable if postnatal nutrition is carefully controlled.
Evaluation of insulin resistance in a cohort of HIV-infected youth.; OBJECTIVE: Metabolic abnormalities, including impairment of glucose homeostasis, have been well characterized in HIV-infected patients. In contrast to adults, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus appear to be relatively uncommon finding in youth. DESIGN: We assessed insulin resistance, and associated risk factors, in a population of vertically HIV-infected children and young adults, when compared with a control population of healthy children. METHODS: At the time of enrolment, weeks of pregnancy, birth weight, sex, age, weight, height, body mass index (BMI), pubertal stages, CDC classification, blood pressure, clinical lipodystrophy, hepatitis B or C co-infection, antiretroviral therapy, CD4 T lymphocyte counts, and HIV-RNA levels were recorded. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were determined. These parameters were compared between HIV patients and healthy controls with multivariate analyses. RESULTS: Fasting insulin levels (OR=1.21, P<0.001) and glycemia (OR=0.89, P<0.001) were significantly different between HIV-infected patients and controls. Antiretroviral therapy duration (r=0.281, P<0.05), triglyceride levels (r=0.286, P<0.05), age (r=0.299, P<0.05), and BMI SDS (r=0.485, P<0.001) were significant predictor variables of insulin resistance, expressed as HOMA-IR. Moreover, clinical lipodystrophy seems to be strongly correlated to glycemia (P<0.05), triglyceride levels (P<0.05), serum insulin levels (P<0.001), HOMA-IR (P<0.05), and also with therapy duration (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Both HIV infection and antiretroviral therapy demonstrate differential effects on glucose metabolism in HIV-infected children. Targeted prevention of insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus in HIV-infected children and young adults is needed in order to avoid the associated long-term complications that would otherwise occur, given the improvement in life expectancy of HIV-infected individuals.
Postheparin plasma lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in hyperinsulinemic infants of diabetic mothers and in large-for-date infants at birth.; To study postheparin plasma lipase activities in nonfed newborn infants immediately after birth and to investigate the possible influence of fetal hyperinsulinemia on lipoprotein lipase activity, we measured lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in 55 macrosomic newborn infants: group I consisted of 21 infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes. The infants were hyperinsulinemic at birth and had hypoglycemia and poor lipolysis at the age of 2 h. Group II consisted of 18 infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes. Group III consisted of 16 large-for-date infants born to nondiabetic mothers. The mean postheparin plasma lipoprotein lipase activities at 2 h of age were similar (mean 36 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h; SEM 15) in groups I-III. Lipoprotein lipase activity correlated negatively with cord-serum triglycerides (range 0.13-1.2 mmol/liter) but did not correlate with serum insulin (range 5.4-524 microU/ml) or C-peptide (range 0.6-21.0 micrograms/liter). Hepatic lipase activity was somewhat higher in group I (mean 68 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h; SEM 23) than in groups II and III (mean 55 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h; SEM 14). Hemoglobin Alc was the only important factor explaining the difference in hepatic lipase activities between groups. Lipoproteins and apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, and B were similar in all three groups. We conclude that in large-for-date infants lipoprotein lipase is active at birth without exogenous fat induction, and that these infants are capable of hydrolyzing fat, their main source of energy, immediately after birth. In addition, we conclude that postheparin plasma lipoprotein lipase activity is not affected by fetal hyperinsulinemia.
Prenatal metformin exposure in mice programs the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during a high fat diet at adulthood.; AIMS: The antidiabetic drug metformin is currently used prior and during pregnancy for polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as during gestational diabetes mellitus. We investigated the effects of prenatal metformin exposure on the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during adulthood in mice. METHODS: Metformin (300 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered orally to dams on regular diet from the embryonic day E0.5 to E17.5. Gene expression profiles in liver and brain were analysed from 4-day old offspring by microarray. Body weight development and several metabolic parameters of offspring were monitored both during regular diet (RD-phase) and high fat diet (HFD-phase). At the end of the study, two doses of metformin or vehicle were given acutely to mice at the age of 20 weeks, and Insig-1 and GLUT4 mRNA expressions in liver and fat tissue were analysed using qRT-PCR. RESULTS: Metformin exposed fetuses were lighter at E18.5. There was no effect of metformin on the maternal body weight development or food intake. Metformin exposed offspring gained more body weight and mesenteric fat during the HFD-phase. The male offspring also had impaired glucose tolerance and elevated fasting glucose during the HFD-phase. Moreover, the expression of GLUT4 mRNA was down-regulated in epididymal fat in male offspring prenatally exposed to metformin. Based on the microarray and subsequent qRT-PCR analyses, the expression of Insig-1 was changed in the liver of neonatal mice exposed to metformin prenatally. Furthermore, metformin up-regulated the expression of Insig-1 later in development. Gene set enrichment analysis based on preliminary microarray data identified several differentially enriched pathways both in control and metformin exposed mice. CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that prenatal metformin exposure causes long-term programming effects on the metabolic phenotype during high fat diet in mice. This should be taken into consideration when using metformin as a therapeutic agent during pregnancy.
SRT1720 attenuates obesity and insulin resistance but not liver damage in the offspring due to maternal and postnatal high-fat diet consumption.; Recent studies indicate that sirtuin-1 (SIRT1), an important metabolic sensor and regulator of life span, plays a mechanistic role in maternal obesity-induced programming of metabolic disorders in the offspring. In this study we investigate whether SIRT1 activation in early childhood can mitigate metabolic disorders due to maternal and postnatal high-fat feeding in mice. Male offspring born to chow-fed (MC) or high fat diet-fed dams (MHF) were weaned onto postnatal chow or high-fat diet and treated with SRT1720 (25 mg/kg ip every 2 days) or vehicle control for 6 wk and examined for metabolic disorders. MHF exacerbated offspring body weight and insulin resistance in the offspring exposed to postnatal HFD (OHF). These metabolic changes were associated with reduced hepatic lipid droplet accumulation but increased plasma levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), a marker of liver damage. SRT1720 significantly decreased offspring body weight, adiposity, glucose intolerance, and hyperleptinemia due to OHF and reversed hyperinsulinemia and adipocyte hypertrophy due to the additive effects of MHF. Although SRT1720 suppresses liver lipogenesis, inflammation, and oxidative stress markers, it also reduces antioxidants and increased liver collagen deposition in OHF offspring independent of MHF. Hepatic steatosis was attenuated only in MC/OHF offspring in association with elevated plasma ALT levels. The study suggests that postnatal SRT1720 administration can mitigate obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring due to maternal and postnatal HFD exposure. However, the possibility of liver toxicity needs to be further examined.
DOES VITAMIN D DEFICIENCY CONTRIBUTE TO THE SEVERITY OF ASTHMA IN CHILDREN AND ADULTS?; Role of vitamin D in the health of bones has been well established for over decades; It was known that its deficiency caused rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. Later it was discovered that these can be corrected by giving vitamin D. Researchers discovered that vitamin D can be synthesized by exposure to sun. Hence it was also named "the sunshine vitamin". As time passed it was observed that low levels of vitamin D were associated with multiple diseases. This sparked the interest of the scientific community to further the research on vitamin D which led to the studies that started associating vitamin D with various diseases like cancers (prostate, colon and breast), autoimmune diseases (rheumatoid arthritis), infectious diseases (tuberculosis, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, HIV), cardiovascular diseases, mental illnesses (schizophrenia), diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2 and gestational) and allergic conditions like asthma. With time, more studies were carried out relating levels of vitamin D to development of asthma, asthma exacerbations and risk factors leading to development of asthma like respiratory tract infections with positive associations. A number of studies were carried out which tried to explain the possible molecular mechanisms relating deficiency of vitamin D in pathogenesis of asthma. This review summarizes the role of vitamin D in development of asthma and probable mechanisms relating vitamin D to the pathogenesis of asthma.
Metformin in gestational diabetes: the offspring follow-up (MiG TOFU): body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years of age.; OBJECTIVE: To compare body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years in offspring of women with gestational diabetes (GDM) randomized to metformin (±insulin) or insulin treatment during pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Children were assessed at 7 years in Adelaide (n=109/181) and 9 years in Auckland (n=99/396) by anthropometry, bioimpedance analysis (BIA), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) (n=92/99) and fasting bloods (n=82/99). RESULTS: In the Adelaide subgroup, mothers were similar at enrollment. Women randomized to metformin versus insulin had higher treatment glycemia (p=0.002) and more infants with birth weight >90th percentile (20.7% vs 5.9%; p=0.029). At 7 years, there were no differences in offspring measures. In Auckland, at enrollment, women randomized to metformin had a higher body mass index (BMI) (p=0.08) but gained less weight during treatment (p=0.07). Offspring birth measures were similar. At 9 years, metformin offspring were larger by measures of weight, arm and waist circumferences, waist:height (p<0.05); BMI, triceps skinfold (p=0.05); DXA fat mass and lean mass (p=0.07); MRI abdominal fat volume (p=0.051). Body fat percent was similar between treatment groups by DXA and BIA. Abdominal fat percentages (visceral adipose tissue, subcutaneous adipose tissue and liver) were similar by MRI. Fasting glucose, triglyceride, insulin, insulin resistance, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), cholesterol, liver transaminases, leptin and adiponectin were similar. CONCLUSIONS: Metformin or insulin for GDM was associated with similar offspring total and abdominal body fat percent and metabolic measures at 7-9 years. Metformin-exposed children were larger at 9 years. Metformin may interact with fetal environmental factors to influence offspring outcomes.
Effects of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen positive status on the pregnancy outcomes: A retrospective study in Xiamen, China, 2011-2018.; OBJECTIVE: Hepatitis B virus infection is a major social and economic burden in developing countries, especially in China. We aimed to evaluate the effects of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positive status on the pregnancy outcomes in the Chinese population. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study was performed using data from the Medical Birth Registry of Xiamen, China, from January 2011 to March 2018. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association between the HBsAg status and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: This study included 3,789 HBsAg-positive women and 29, 648 non-exposed women. The HBsAg-positive pregnant women were slightly older in age (29.3±4.3 vs. 28.9±4.4, P< 0.001). Additionally, pregnant women with a positive HBsAg status had higher odds of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.13; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.03-1.23), and cesarean delivery (aOR, 1.12; 95%CI, 1.03-1.21). The risk of infants being large or small-for-gestational age, having low-birth weight, and of macrosomia, preterm birth, and stillbirth did not differ significantly between the HBsAg-positive and-negative women. CONCLUSION: In Xiamen, China, the slightly higher risk of GDM and cesarean section in women positive for HBsAg should not be neglected. Further studies should be conducted to evaluate the effects of HBsAg positivity on the pregnancy outcomes in different ethnic populations.
Serum lipoprotein composition, lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase and tissue lipase activities in pregnant diabetic rats and their offspring receiving enriched n-3 PUFA diet.; The effects of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on lipoprotein concentrations and on lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hepatic triglyceride lipase (HTGL) and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activities were studied in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats during pregnancy and in their macrosomic offspring from birth to adulthood. Pregnant diabetic and control rats were fed Isio-4 diet (vegetable oil) or EPAX diet (concentrated marine omega-3 EPA/DHA oil), the same diets were consumed by pups at weaning. Compared with control rats, diabetic rats showed, during pregnancy, a significant elevation in very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and low and high density lipoprotein (LDL-HDL(1))-triglyceride, cholesterol and apoprotein B100 concentrations and a reduction in apoprotein A-I levels. HTGL activity was high while LPL and LCAT activities were low in these rats. The macrosomic pups of Isio-4-fed diabetic rats showed a significant enhancement in triglyceride and cholesterol levels at birth and during adulthood with a concomitant increase in lipase and LCAT activities. EPAX diet induces a significant diminution of VLDL and LDL-HDL(1) in mothers and in their macrosomic pups, accompanied by an increase in cholesterol and apoprotein A-I levels in HDL(2-3) fraction. It also restores LPL, HTGL and LCAT activities to normal range. EPAX diet ameliorates considerably lipoprotein disorders in diabetic mothers and in their macrosomic offspring.
Maternal rates of lipolysis and glucose production in late pregnancy are independently related to foetal weight.; OBJECTIVE: Associations between maternal glucose levels and increased foetal growth are well established, and independent relationships with maternal weight, weight gain and insulin resistance are also observed. The relative roles of lipolysis and glucose production in the determination of these observations remain unclear. DESIGN: We examined, through detailed physiological studies, the relationship between maternal late gestational energy substrate production (glucose and glycerol), maternal weight and weight gain, and estimated foetal size in the third trimester. PATIENTS: Twenty-one nulliparous pregnant women, without gestational diabetes (GDM) assessed at 28 weeks with oral glucose tolerance test, were recruited. MEASUREMENTS: Rates of hepatic glucose production (GPR) and rates of glycerol production (reflecting lipolysis) using [(13) C(6) ]-glucose and [(2) H(5) ]-glycerol were measured at 34-36 weeks of gestation. Respiratory quotient was assessed by indirect calorimetry and body composition by measurements of total body water (TBW; H(2)(18) O) and body density (BODPOD). Foetal weight was estimated from ultrasound measures of biparietal diameter, femoral length and abdominal circumference. RESULTS: At 34-36 weeks, bivariate analyses showed that GPR and lipolysis correlated with estimated foetal weight (r=.71 and .72, respectively) as well as with maternal weight, fat mass and fat-free mass, but not maternal weight gain. In multivariate analyses, rates of both glucose production (r=.42) and lipolysis (r=.47) were independently associated with foetal size explaining 63% of the variance. CONCLUSIONS: Both maternal rates of lipolysis and hepatic glucose production in late gestation are strongly related to estimated foetal weight.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS.
[Twin pregnancy with acute hepatic steatosis followed by antehypophyseal insufficiency and diabetes insipidus].; A 22-year old woman in the 37th week of her third pregnancy (twins) developed acute fatty liver complicated with a haemorrhagic syndrome from disseminated intravascular coagulation. Two normal girls were delivered by caesarean section. Persistent surgical bleeding required hysterectomy and a short stay in an intensive care unit. The disseminated intravascular coagulation subsided within 8 days. Three weeks after delivery a pituitary insufficiency (Sheehan's syndrome) was diagnosed. A second liver biopsy showed that the lesions had regressed. One week after delivery, the patient developed polyuria and polydipsia. The diagnosis of diabetes insipidus was confirmed by the lack of increase of plasma antidiuretic hormone level during an 8-hour water deprivation test. The pathophysiology of these different syndromes is discussed. Disseminated intravascular coagulation might be the link between hypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus.
The FLS mouse: a new inbred strain with spontaneous fatty liver.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: A new strain of mouse, named FLS (fatty liver Shionogi), which develops spontaneous fatty liver without obesity, was established by inbreeding. Morphologic, physiologic, and genetic characterization of the strain was done. METHODS: Characteristics of male FLS mice were compared with those of the sister strain, dd Shionogi (DS), which does not develop spontaneous fatty liver. A genetic cross experiment was performed by mating FLS with C3H/He/Shi mice. RESULTS: The hepatocytes of neonatal FLS mice contained fine lipid droplets throughout the lobules, and large lipid droplets appeared as mice aged. Liver triglyceride concentrations of FLS mice were fivefold higher than those of DS mice, but serum lipid concentrations and the lipoprotein profile did not indicate abnormalities. Higher plasma aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase activities in FLS, compared with DS mice, suggested hepatocellular lesions. The genetic cross experiment suggested that the fatty liver formation is a complex polygenic trait. CONCLUSION: The FLS mice develop a progressive hepatic steatosis without obesity and diabetes. The FLS mouse might be a good model for investigating hepatic disorders accompanied by fatty liver unrelated to alcoholism or obesity.
[Influence of liver function on pregnancy outcome of women with hepatitis B virus who receive individualized nutritional management].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the influence of liver function on pregnancy outcome of women who are infected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV) and who receive individualized nutrition management during the perinatal period. METHODS: A total of 210 pregnant women were enrolled for study between January 2011 and July 2013. The women were divided into the following groups according to self-selected participation in individualized nutritional treatment and management plans (n =87, observation group) or in routine prenatal care without any nutrition management plan (n =123, control group). Inter-group differences in pregnancy complications, liver function and perinatal outcome were assessed statistically. RESULTS: The following pregnancy complications were recorded during the study:hypertension disorder, gestational diabetes, anemia and fetal growth restriction; however, the rates of these complications were significantly lower in the observation group than in the control group (P less than 0.05). The observation group also had significantly lower incidence rates of preterm labor, fetal distress and neonatal asphyxia (P less than 0.05). The observation group also had significantly lower proportions of hypoalbuminemia and abnormal liver function, and correlation analysis indicated that birth weight is correlated with the pregnant woman's energy and protein intake. CONCLUSION: Women with HBV can benefit from individualized nutrition management during the prenatal period, experiencing improved pregnancy outcome and reduced occurrence of pregnancy complications. The application of individualized and balanced nutrition management had no effect on fetal growth and development.
Prenatal exposure to a low-protein diet programs disordered regulation of lipid metabolism in the aging rat.; The nutritional environment encountered during fetal life is strongly implicated as a determinant of lifelong metabolic capacity and risk of disease. Pregnant rats were fed a control or low-protein (LP) diet, targeted to early (LPE), mid-(LPM), or late (LPL) pregnancy, or throughout gestation (LPA). The offspring were studied at 1, 9, and 18 mo of age. All LP-exposed groups had similar plasma triglyceride, cholesterol, glucose, and insulin concentrations to those of controls at 1 and 9 mo of age, but by 18 mo there was evidence of LP-programmed hypertriglyceridemia and insulin resistance. All LP-exposed groups exhibited histological evidence of hepatic steatosis and were found to have two- to threefold more hepatic triglyceride than control animals. These phenotypic changes were accompanied by age-related changes in mRNA and protein expression of the transcription factors SREBP-1c, ChREBP, PPARgamma, and PPARalpha and their respective downstream target genes ACC1, FAS, L-PK, and MCAD. At 9 mo of age, the LP groups exhibited suppression of the SREBP-1c-related lipogenic pathway but between 9 and 18 mo underwent a switch to increased lipogenic capacity with a lower expression of PPARgamma and MCAD, consistent with reduced lipid oxidation. The findings indicate that prenatal protein restriction programs development of a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype that develops only with senescence. The data implicate altered expression of SREBP-1c and ChREBP as key mediators of the programmed phenotype, but the basis of the switch in metabolic status that occurred between 9 and 18 mo of age is, as yet, unidentified.
Postheparin plasma lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in hyperinsulinemic infants of diabetic mothers and in large-for-date infants at birth.; To study postheparin plasma lipase activities in nonfed newborn infants immediately after birth and to investigate the possible influence of fetal hyperinsulinemia on lipoprotein lipase activity, we measured lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in 55 macrosomic newborn infants: group I consisted of 21 infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes. The infants were hyperinsulinemic at birth and had hypoglycemia and poor lipolysis at the age of 2 h. Group II consisted of 18 infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes. Group III consisted of 16 large-for-date infants born to nondiabetic mothers. The mean postheparin plasma lipoprotein lipase activities at 2 h of age were similar (mean 36 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h; SEM 15) in groups I-III. Lipoprotein lipase activity correlated negatively with cord-serum triglycerides (range 0.13-1.2 mmol/liter) but did not correlate with serum insulin (range 5.4-524 microU/ml) or C-peptide (range 0.6-21.0 micrograms/liter). Hepatic lipase activity was somewhat higher in group I (mean 68 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h; SEM 23) than in groups II and III (mean 55 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h; SEM 14). Hemoglobin Alc was the only important factor explaining the difference in hepatic lipase activities between groups. Lipoproteins and apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, and B were similar in all three groups. We conclude that in large-for-date infants lipoprotein lipase is active at birth without exogenous fat induction, and that these infants are capable of hydrolyzing fat, their main source of energy, immediately after birth. In addition, we conclude that postheparin plasma lipoprotein lipase activity is not affected by fetal hyperinsulinemia.
Inositol-requiring enzyme 1α and c-Jun N-terminal kinase axis activation contributes to intracellular lipid accumulation in calf hepatocytes.; During the perinatal period, dairy cows undergo negative energy balance, resulting in elevated circulating levels of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA). Although increased blood NEFA concentrations are a physiological adaptation of early lactation, excessive NEFA in dairy cows is a major cause of fatty liver. Aberrant lipid metabolism leads to hepatic lipid accumulation and subsequently the development of fatty liver. Both inositol-requiring enzyme 1α (IRE1α) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) have been validated for their association with hepatic lipid accumulation, including their regulatory functions in calf hepatocyte insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and apoptosis. Meanwhile, both IRE1α and JNK are involved in lipid metabolism in nonruminants. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate how IRE1α and JNK regulate lipid metabolism in bovine hepatocytes. An experiment was conducted on randomly selected 10 healthy cows (hepatic triglyceride [TG] content <1%) and 10 cows with fatty liver (hepatic TG content >5%). Liver tissue and blood samples were collected from experimental cows. Serum concentrations of NEFA and β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) were greater, whereas serum concentrations of glucose and milk production were lower in cows with fatty liver. The western blot results revealed that dairy cows with fatty liver had higher phosphorylation levels of JNK, c-Jun, and IRE1α in the liver tissue. Three in vitro experiments were conducted using primary calf hepatocytes isolated from 5 healthy calves (body weight: 30-40 kg; 1 d old). First, hepatocytes were treated with NEFA (1.2 mM) for 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, or 12 h, which showed that the phosphorylated levels of JNK, c-Jun, and IRE1α increased in both linear and quadratic effects. In the second experiment, hepatocytes were treated with high concentrations of NEFA (1.2 mM) for 12 h with or without SP600125, a canonical inhibitor of JNK. Western blot results showed that SP600125 treatment could decrease the expression of lipogenesis-associated proteins (PPARγ and SREBP-1c) and increase the expression of fatty acid oxidation (FAO)-associated proteins (CPT1A and PPARα) in NEFA-treated hepatocytes. The perturbed expression of lipogenesis-associated genes (FASN, ACACA, and CD36) and FAO-associated gene ACOX1 were also recovered by JNK inhibition, indicating that JNK reduced excessive NEFA-induced lipogenesis and FAO dysregulation in calf hepatocytes. Third, short hairpin RNA targeting IRE1α (sh-IRE1α) was transfected into calf hepatocytes to silence IRE1α, and KIRA6 was used to inhibit the kinase activity of IRE1α. The blockage of IRE1α could at least partially suppressed NEFA-induced JNK activation. Moreover, the blockage of IRE1α downregulated the expression of lipogenesis genes and upregulated the expression of FAO genes in NEFA-treated hepatocytes. In conclusion, these findings indicate that targeting the IRE1α-JNK axis can reduce NEFA-induced lipid accumulation in bovine hepatocytes by modulating lipogenesis and FAO. This may offer a prospective therapeutic target for fatty liver in dairy cows.
Pregnancy complications associated with hepatitis C: data from a 2003-2005 Washington state birth cohort.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the effect of hepatitis C virus (HCV) on selected maternal and infant birth outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This population-based cohort study using Washington state birth records from 2003 to 2005 compared a cohort of pregnant women identified as HCV positive from birth certificate data (n = 506) to randomly selected HCV-negative mothers (n = 2022) and drug-using HCV-negative mothers (n = 1439). RESULTS: Infants of HCV-positive mothers were more likely to be low birthweight (odds ratio [OR], 2.17; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.24, 3.80), to be small for gestational age (OR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.00, 2.13), to need assisted ventilation (OR, 2.37; 95% CI, 1.46, 3.85), and to require neonatal intensive car unit (NICU) admission (OR, 2.91; 95% CI, 1.86, 4.55). HCV-positive mothers with excess weight gain also had a greater risk of gestational diabetes (OR, 2.51; 95% CI, 1.04, 6.03). Compared with the drug-using cohort, NICU admission and the need for assisted ventilation remained associated with HCV. CONCLUSION: HCV-positive pregnant women appear to be at risk for adverse neonatal and maternal outcomes.
Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.; Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) indicates future risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) may precede T2DM in many years and is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. AIM: This study aims to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with pGDM. METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis included 45 non diabetic women, 20 pGDM and 25 controls, at least one year after delivery. Body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference (AC), blood pressure, serum lipids, liver enzymes, uric acid, nonesterified fatty acids, C-reactive protein and plasma glucose, insulin, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 were measured. HOMA IR and β were calculated. Pre and post induced ischemia videocapillaroscopy was performed in hand nailfold to evaluate microvascular morphologic aspect and functional response. RESULTS: AC and fasting glucose were significantly higher in pGDM (p = 0.01 and p = 0.002 respectively). Women with pGDM and BMI < 25 kg/m(2) had significantly higher levels of fasting insulin and HOMA IR than controls (p = 0.008 and 0.05 respectively). Abnormal morphologic findings were more frequent and papillae rectification were 3.3 times more prevalent in pGDM (p = 0.003). Other microvascular parameters did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: Cardiovascular risk factors and a microcirculation abnormality (papillae rectification) were significantly increased in young non-diabetic women with pGDM.
Healthy Eating Index-2015 in relation to risk of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease among US population: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2017-2018.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a serious chronic disease in the US. Dietary patterns provide good guidance for the prevention of chronic diseases. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI-2015) is a dietary pattern based on the dietary characteristics of the US. OBJECTIVE: Since the relation between HEI-2015 and MAFLD is unclear, this study examined their associations using the US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHAENS) during 2017-2018. METHODS: This study included data from 4,062 participants aged ≥20 years, without viral hepatitis or pregnancy. MAFLD is defined as hepatic steatosis with one or more of the following: (1) overweight or obesity (body mass index ≥25 kg/m(2)); (2) type 2 diabetes; or (3) two or more other metabolic risk abnormalities. HEI-2015 scores were calculated from food intake information collected by the 24-h meal review method. The relationship of HEI-2015 with MAFLD was calculated using survey-weighted logistic regression analysis after adjusting for sex, age, race, education level, smoking status, alcohol use, levels of C-reactive protein, Aspartate Aminotransferase, Alanine Aminotransferase, a body shape index, minutes of sedentary activity, levels of cholesterol and glucose, energy take, drugs use, hypertension, and diabetes. RESULTS: When compared to the study population with no MAFLD, the patients with MAFLD showed a lower weighted mean HEI (48.0 ± 0.6). HEI-2015 was inversely associated with MAFLD in the fully adjusted model [Q4 vs. Q1, OR = 0.567 (0.407-0.790), P = -0.002]. Among the 13 HEI-2015 components, total vegetables, greens and beans, total fruits, whole fruits, and whole grains were negatively associated with MAFLD, while added sugars were positively associated with MAFLD. This inverse association was consistent in subgroups of the participants stratified by sex, age, education level, race, body shape index, minutes of sedentary activity, hypertension, and diabetes. CONCLUSION: A higher HEI-2015 is associated with a lowered risk of MAFLD which is more obvious among participations who were women, young, Mexican Americans, with higher education, and with no hypertension or diabetes.
Early growth restriction, membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition, and insulin sensitivity.; An animal model of protein restriction during pregnancy and lactation with subsequent dietary fatty acid manipulation was used to investigate the association between poor early growth, defective unsaturated fatty acid handling, and later disease. Both control and early growth-restricted animals fed a diet rich in saturated fatty acids showed a doubling of the plasma insulin levels as well as a reduced degree of unsaturation in liver and skeletal muscle membrane phospholipids compared with animals fed diets rich in unsaturated fatty acids. The skeletal muscle of early growth-restricted animals weaned onto a saturated fat diet had reduced proportions of 22:6n-3 and increased proportions of 18:1n-9. This reduction in 22:6n-3 is similar to that observed in Pima Indians, a population with a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes.
Influence of hepatitis C viral parameters on pregnancy complications and risk of mother-to-child transmission.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: With the World Health Organization plan for hepatitis C elimination by the year 2030, and recent guideline recommendations to screen all women during pregnancy for HCV, data on HCV in pregnancy are needed to determine the association of HCV viremia with adverse pregnancy outcomes and mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). METHODS: This retrospective cohort study was performed in Ontario, Canada, using population-based administrative healthcare data. Individuals were stratified based on whether they had active HCV viremia during pregnancy or resolved viremia at time of pregnancy. Peak HCV viral load was determined. Logistic regression was used to determine the association of viremia with adverse pregnancy outcomes; maternal HCV RNA levels were evaluated as a predictor of MTCT. RESULTS: We identified a total of 2,170 pregnancies in 1,636 women who were HCV RNA positive prior to pregnancy; 1,780 (82%) pregnancies occurred in women who were HCV RNA positive during pregnancy. Patients who were HCV RNA positive during pregnancy were more likely to have preterm delivery (18% vs. 12%, p = 0.002), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (4% vs. <2%, p = 0.003), and post-partum hemorrhage (9% vs. 5%, p = 0.013), and less likely to have gestational diabetes (6% vs. 10%, p = 0.008) than those with resolved infection. Only 511 (29%) infants had screening consistent with guidelines after birth; there was an estimated 3.5% risk of MTCT. HCV RNA ≥6.0 log(10) IU/ml was significantly associated with MTCT (exact odds ratio 3.4, p = 0.04). CONCLUSION: Active HCV viremia among individuals with a history of HCV infection significantly increases adverse pregnancy outcomes. Few infants are screened for MTCT. Higher HCV RNA is associated with increased risk of MTCT. LAY SUMMARY: The prevalence of hepatitis C has increased in women of child-bearing age and has important implications for women who become pregnant and their infants. We evaluated the effect that hepatitis C has on pregnancy outcomes as well as the rate of hepatitis C transmission to infants in a large database with linked mother-infant records. We found that active hepatitis C during pregnancy increased the risk of pregnancy complications. We also identified very low rates of testing of infants born to mothers with hepatitis C, but found higher rates of hepatitis C transmission to infants in mothers with higher virus levels.
Insulin resistance may accelerate typical changes in heart function among type 1 diabetes patients, particularly in overweight patients: a preliminary study.; INTRODUCTION: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is a metabolic disease characterized by insulin deficiency and subsequent hyperglycemia. Cardiovascular diseases are the prime cause of mortality and morbidity among patients with T1D. Accumulating metabolic disturbances and accelerated cardiac fibrosis fuel the development of heart dysfunction. As insulin resistance (IR) is a risk factor for the development and worsened course of heart failure, this study aimed to assess its impact on heart function in patients with T1D. METHODS: Adult participants were recruited prospectively. The inclusion criteria included a diagnosis of T1D. The exclusion criteria were other types of diabetes, symptoms/treatment of heart failure, AST and/or ALT exceeding the upper reference limit by ≥2x, hepatitis, alcoholism, metformin treatment, and pregnancy. The participants underwent a medical interview, physical examination, biochemical test, and echocardiography. RESULTS: The mean age in the study group was 38 ± 9.6 years, and the mean diabetes duration was 21.8 ± 11.3 years. The median BMI in the study cohort was 23.39 kg/m(2). Patients with IR had significantly lower mitral E/A ratio and left ventricular and left atrial volume ratio (LVLAVR), higher LV mass index, and presented with altered mitral annular velocities. CONCLUSIONS: IR seems to accelerate the pattern of typical changes in heart function among patients with T1D, especially in the overweight subgroup.
Intrauterine growth retardation and nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease in children.; Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), the most important cause of perinatal mortality and morbidity, is defined as a foetal growth less than normal for the population, often used as synonym of small for gestational age (SGA). Studies demonstrated the relationships between metabolic syndrome (MS) and birthweight. This study suggested that, in children, adolescents, and adults born SGA, insulin resistance could lead to other metabolic disorders: type 2 diabetes (DM2), dyslipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD may evolve to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and it is related to the development of MS. Lifestyle intervention, physical activity, and weight reduction represent the mainstay of NAFLD therapy. In particular, a catch-up growth reduction could decrease the risk to develop MS and NAFLD. In this paper, we outline clinical and experimental evidences of the association between IUGR, metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, and NAFLD and discuss on a possible management to avoid the risk of MS in adulthood.
Serological screening for hepatitis C during pregnancy: Seroprevalence and maternal and neonatal outcomes in 45,000 pregnant women.; OBJECTIVES: The study evaluates the trend over time and the results of serological screening for hepatitis C infection in pregnancy and obstetric and neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: It is a retrospective observational study of all pregnant women delivered in maternity units in Trento province, North East Italy, between 2009-2018. Serological screening data for hepatitis C virus were collected through the birth attendance certificate that is the mandatory tool in Italy for the birth report and the monitoring of the pregnancy, childbirth and health of the newborn. We also used the informations collected in the Hospital information system in order to get, for confirmed positive cases, the data of the entire serological profile. On this basis, we calculated the coverage of serological screening, the seroprevalence of the infection and the obstetric and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 45,493 pregnant women were analysed, 75.5% Italians and 24.5% foreigners. The mean coverage for serological HCV screening in pregnancy was 99.4%. 177 women tested positive for HCV antibodies (107 Italian and 70 foreign women). Mean overall seroprevalence in pregnant women was 3.9‰ (95% CI: 3.8-4.0); amongst Italians it was 3.2‰ (95% CI: 3.0-3.4) and amongst foreigners it was 6.1‰ (95% CI: 5.9-6.2). The highest seroprevalence was recorded in mothers coming from Asian countries. HCV positive mothers present an excess risk for intrahepatic cholestasis and gestational diabetes compared to HCV negative mothers. The neonatal outcomes considered bring to light a statistically significant increase in preterm births, low birth weight, elective Caesarean births, hospitalisation at birth and bottle- or mixed-feeding vs breast-only feeding. There are differences in obstetric and neonatal outcomes in relation to the HCV positive subgroup of the mother defined in particular by exposure to smoke and/or opioids. CONCLUSIONS: The availability and integration of current information sources allows you to verify compliance with national recommendations on the serological screening of hepatitis C virus infection, to determine infection seroprevalence, the characteristics of the cases and the obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Only part of the maternal and neonatal outcomes studied can be attributed to the presence of HCV.
Maternal Obesogenic Diet Attenuates Microbiome-Dependent Offspring Weaning Reaction with Worsening of Steatotic Liver Disease.; The mechanisms by which maternal obesity increases the susceptibility to steatotic liver disease in offspring are incompletely understood. Models using different maternal obesogenic diets (MODEs) display phenotypic variability, likely reflecting the influence of timing and diet composition. This study compared three maternal obesogenic diets using standardized exposure times to identify differences in offspring disease progression. This study found that the severity of hepatic inflammation and fibrosis in the offspring depends on the composition of the maternal obesogenic diet. Offspring cecal microbiome composition was shifted in all MODE groups relative to control. Decreased α-diversity in some MODE offspring with shifts in abundance of multiple genera were suggestive of delayed maturation of the microbiome. The weaning reaction typically characterized by a spike in intestinal expression of Tnfa and Ifng was attenuated in MODE offspring in an early microbiome-dependent manner using cross-fostering. Cross-fostering also switched the severity of disease progression in offspring dependent on the diet of the fostering dam. These results identify maternal diet composition and timing of exposure as modifiers in mediating transmissible changes in the microbiome. These changes in the early microbiome alter a critical window during weaning that drives susceptibility to progressive liver disease in the offspring.
Uptake and safety of Hepatitis B vaccination during pregnancy: A Vaccine Safety Datalink study.; INTRODUCTION: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection acquired during pregnancy can pose a risk to the infant at birth that can lead to significant and lifelong morbidity. Hepatitis B vaccine (HepB) is recommended for anyone at increased risk for contracting HBV infection, including pregnant women. Limited data are available on the safety of HepB administration during pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: To assess the frequency of maternal HepB receipt among pregnant women and evaluate the potential association between maternal vaccination and pre-specified maternal and infant safety outcomes. METHODS: We examined a retrospective cohort of pregnancies in the Vaccine Safety Datalink (VSD) resulting in live birth outcomes from 2004 through 2015. Eligible pregnancies in women aged 12-55 years who were continuously enrolled from 6 months pre-pregnancy to 6 weeks postpartum in VSD integrated health systems were included. We compared pregnancies with HepB exposure to those with other vaccine exposures, and to those with no vaccine exposures. High-risk conditions for contracting HBV infection were identified up to one-year prior to or during the pregnancy using ICD-9 codes. Maternal and fetal adverse events were also evaluated according to maternal HepB exposure status. RESULTS: Among over 650,000 pregnancies in the study period, HepB was administered at a rate of 2.1 per 1000 pregnancies (n = 1399), commonly within the first 5 weeks of pregnancy. Less than 3% of the HepB-exposed group had a high-risk ICD-9 code indicating need for HepB; this was similar to the rate among HepB unvaccinated groups. There were no significant associations between HepB exposure during pregnancy and gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, cesarean delivery, pre-term delivery, low birthweight or small for gestational age infants. CONCLUSIONS: Most women who received maternal HepB did not have high-risk indications for vaccination. No increased risk for the adverse events that were examined were observed among women who received maternal HepB or their offspring.
Pregnancy-associated diabetes insipidus in Japan-a review based on quoting from the literatures reported during the period from 1982 to 2019.; This Review Article overviews the literature on diabetes insipidus (DI) associated with pregnancy and labor in Japan published from 1982 to 2019. The total number of patients collected was 361, however, only one-third of these cases had detailed pathophysiologic information enabling us to identify the respective etiology and subtype. Pregnancy-associated DI can be divided into 3 etiologies, central (neurogenic) DI, nephrogenic DI, and excess vasopressinase-associated DI. Neurogenic DI has various causes: for example, DI associated with tumoral lesions in the pituitary and neighboring area, DI associated with Sheehan's syndrome and/or pituitary apoplexy, and DI associated with lymphocytic infundibuloneurohypophysitis (LINH, stalkitis). Nephrogenic DI results from defective response of the kidney to normal levels of vasopressin. However, the most interesting causal factor of pregnancy-associated DI is excess vasopressinase, caused either by excess production of vasopressinase by the placenta or defective clearance of vasopressinase by the liver. Hepatic complications resulting in pregnancy-associated DI include acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) and HELLP syndrome (syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets), as well as pre-existing or co-incidental hepatic diseases. A possible role of glucose uptake in putative stress-induced DI and the importance of correct diagnosis and treatment of pregnancy-associated DI, including use of 1-deamino 8-D arginine vasopressin, are also discussed.
Is programming of glucocorticoid receptor expression by prenatal dexamethasone in the rat secondary to metabolic derangement in adulthood?; OBJECTIVE: Glucocorticoids may contribute to the association between retarded growth in utero and insulin resistance in adulthood. Administration of dexamethasone (dex) to pregnant rats results in low birth weight offspring, which develop glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and hypercorticosteronaemia. This may be explained by tIssue-specific differences in expression of glucocorticoid receptors (GR) in adult offspring: GR is increased in visceral fat and liver, and decreased in hippocampus and soleus muscle. However, cause and effect between altered GR expression, hypercorticosteronaemia, and hyperinsulinaemia remains to be established. DESIGN AND METHODS: Rats were treated with dex (100 microg/kg per day) or saline during the third week of pregnancy. In 5-8-Month-old male offspring, GR expression in insulin target tIssues was quantified by RNase protection assay in rats that were adrenalectomised (ADX group), sham operated (SHAM group), or adrenalectomised with supra-physiological corticosterone replacement (CORT group) (n=7-8 per group), and in rats treated orally with vehicle, metformin (43 mg/kg per day) or rosiglitazone (1 mg/kg per day), after 3 weeks. RESULTS: Manipulation of corticosterone concentration did not affect GR mRNA in skeletal muscle or adipose. In liver, sham-operated animals showed lower GR mRNA, but there was no difference between adrenalectomised and hypercorticosteronaemic animals (SHAM 0.11+/-0.01 ratio to beta-actin, vs ADX 0.22+/-0.02, CORT 0.23+/-0.02, (values expressed as means+/-s.e.m.), P<0.001). Rosiglitazone reduced GR mRNA by approximately 30% in liver of dex- and saline-treated offspring (P<0.05), but had no effect on GR in adipose and skeletal muscle. Metformin abolished the 38% up-regulation of liver GR mRNA induced by antenatal dex and also reduced GR mRNA preferentially in muscle of dex-treated animals (0.14+/-0.01 vs 0.10+/-0.01; P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that neither hypercorticosteronaemia nor hyperinsulinaemia are sufficient to cause the changes in GR expression in dex-programmed rats, implying that these changes may be primary in determining the programmed insulin resistant phenotype. Normalisation of GR expression by metformin may be important in the mode of action of this anti-diabetic agent and may be especially useful to reverse-programmed up-regulation of GR.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Nutrition and reproduction in women.; Malnutrition is a major problem in developing countries, and obesity and eating disorders are increasingly common in developing as well as developed countries. The reproductive axis is closely linked to nutritional status, especially undernutrition in the female, and inhibitory pathways involving detectors in the hind brain suppress ovulation in subjects with weight loss. Recovery may occur after minimal reacquisition of weight because energy balance is more important than body fat mass. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa affect up to 5% of women of reproductive age causing amenorrhoea, infertility and, in those who do conceive, an increased likelihood of miscarriage. Obesity can affect reproduction through fat cell metabolism, steroids and secretion of proteins such as leptin and adiponectin and through changes induced at the level of important homeostatic factors such as pancreatic secretion of insulin, androgen synthesis by the ovary and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) production by the liver. WHO estimates that 9 to 25% of women in developed countries are severely obese, and obese mothers are much more likely to have obese children, especially if they have gestational diabetes. Obesity-associated anovulation may lead to infertility and to a higher risk of miscarriage. Management of anovulation with obesity involves diet and exercise as well as standard approaches to ovulation induction. Many obese women conceive without assistance, but pregnancies in obese women have increased rates of pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, large babies, Cesarean section and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Among contraceptors, the fear of weight gain affects uptake and continuation of hormonal contraceptives, although existing trials indicate that any such effects are small. For all methods of hormonal contraception, weight above 70 kg is associated with increased failure rates.
[Detecting high risk pregnancy].; Antenatal care is aiming to reduce maternal land foetal mortality and morbidity. Maternal and foetal mortality can be due to different causes. Their knowledge allows identifying pregnancy (high risk pregnancy) with factors associated with an increased risk for maternal and/or foetal mortality and serious morbidity. Identification of high risk pregnancies and initiation of appropriate treatment and/or surveillance should improve maternal and/or foetal outcome. New risk factors are continuously described thanks to improvement in antenatal care and development in biology and cytopathology, increasing complexity in identifying high risk pregnancies. Level of risk can change all over the pregnancy. Ideally, it should be evaluated prior to the pregnancy and at each antenatal visit. Clinical examination is able to screen for intra-uterin growth restriction, pre-eclampsia, threatened for preterm labour; ultrasounds help in the diagnosis of foetal morphological anomalies, foetal chromosomal anomalies, placenta praevia and abnormal foetal growth; biological exams are used to screen for pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, trisomy 21 (for which screening method just changed), rhesus immunisation, seroconversion for toxoplasmosis or rubeola, unknown infectious disease (syphilis, hepatitis B, VIH). During pregnancy, most of the preventive strategies have to be initiated during the first trimester or even before conception. Prevention for neural-tube defects, neonatal hypocalcemia and listeriosis should be performed for all women. On the opposite, some measures are concerning only women with risk factors such as prevention for toxoplasmosis, rhesus immunization (which recently changed), tobacco complications and pre-eclampsia and intra-uterine growth factor restriction.
Prenatal hyperandrogenism induces alterations that affect liver lipid metabolism.; Prenatal hyperandrogenism is hypothesized as one of the main factors contributing to the development of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). PCOS patients have high risk of developing fatty liver and steatosis. This study aimed to evaluate the role of prenatal hyperandrogenism in liver lipid metabolism and fatty liver development. Pregnant rats were hyperandrogenized with testosterone. At pubertal age, the prenatally hyperandrogenized (PH) female offspring displayed both ovulatory (PHov) and anovulatory (PHanov) phenotypes that mimic human PCOS features. We evaluated hepatic transferases, liver lipid content, the balance between lipogenesis and fatty acid oxidation pathway, oxidant/antioxidant balance and proinflammatory status. We also evaluated the general metabolic status through growth rate curve, basal glucose and insulin levels, glucose tolerance test, HOMA-IR index and serum lipid profile. Although neither PH group showed signs of liver lipid content, the lipogenesis and fatty oxidation pathways were altered. The PH groups also showed impaired oxidant/antioxidant balance, a decrease in the proinflammatory pathway (measured by prostaglandin E2 and cyclooxygenase-2 levels), decreased glucose tolerance, imbalance of circulating lipids and increased risk of metabolic syndrome. We conclude that prenatal hyperandrogenism generates both PHov and PHanov phenotypes with signs of liver alterations, imbalance in lipid metabolism and increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome. The anovulatory phenotype showed more alterations in liver lipogenesis and a more impaired balance of insulin and glucose metabolism, being more susceptible to the development of steatosis.
New concepts in extracellular signaling for insulin action: the single gateway hypothesis.; Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations-evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling-biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (approximately 75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
Thiopurines and Methotrexate Use in IBD Patients in a Biologic Era.; Although we have been living in the era of biologic therapy for several decades, the use of immunomodulators (primarily thiopurines [azathioprine and mercaptopurine] and less so methotrexate) still remains an important component of the inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) pharmaceutical arsenal. Thiopurines as monotherapy exert corticosteroid-sparing effects and can maintain long-term remission in a considerable proportion of patients who have frequent relapses and are or have become mesalazine and/or corticosteroid intolerant or refractory. Withdrawal of thiopurines results in relapse of disease in a significant proportion of patients. Thiopurines enhance the induction effect of anti-TNFα biologics and can reinstate disease remission in patients who lose response to anti-TNF monotherapy. In thiopurine-naïve ulcerative colitis (UC) patients with iv corticosteroid-refractory disease, thiopurines offer an excellent maintenance strategy after cyclosporine rescue therapy. They also prevent the postoperative recurrence of Crohn's disease, especially in smokers, and can achieve response or remission in uncomplicated perianal fistulizing disease. Close monitoring of patients with sequential measurements of complete blood count, liver enzymes, serum and fecal biomarkers, and/or thiopurine metabolites is essential to assess efficacy, safety, and adherence to treatment. Adverse reactions are dose dependent or idiosyncratic. Idiosyncratic reactions to azathioprine, except pancreatitis, can be treated by switching to mercaptopurine or 6-thioguanine. Thiopurines increase the relative risk for skin, urinary tract, and lymphoid tissue malignancies but the absolute risk is low. Preventive measures include sunlight protection and annual Pap smears (females). The use of antimetabolite therapy in patients over the age of 65 years is generally avoided. Methotrexate has advantages over thiopurines subsequent to its once weekly dosing, faster onset of action, and better safety profile relating to malignancies; however, its parenteral administration, contraindication in pregnancy and lactation, and its misconceptions particularly related to hepatotoxicity have reserved its use as a second-line therapy, i.e., when thiopurines fail. Yet, methotrexate in combination with a tapering dose of corticosteroids is an effective agent for active luminal Crohn's disease. In combination with infliximab is preferred for pediatric patients and adolescent IBD male patients who have not contracted the Epstein-Barr virus. Methotrexate also reduces the immunogenicity of infliximab. Folic acid supplementation and close monitoring with blood tests and renal and liver function tests are essential to prevent toxicity especially in patients with diabetes mellitus, non-alcoholic liver fatty disease (NAFLD), malnutrition, and renal function impairment.
Circadian Disruption across Lifespan Impairs Glucose Homeostasis and Insulin Sensitivity in Adult Mice.; Circadian rhythm disruption is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis and type 2 diabetes. For example, night shift work is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes. However, the effects of chronic circadian disruption since early life on adult metabolic health trajectory remain unknown. Here, using the "Short Day" (SD) mouse model, in which an 8 h/8 h light/dark (LD) cycle was used to disrupt mouse circadian rhythms across the lifespan, we investigated glucose homeostasis in adult mice. Adult SD mice were fully entrained into the 8 h/8 h LD cycle, and control mice were entrained into the 12 h/12 h LD cycle. Under a normal chow diet, female and male SD mice displayed a normal body weight trajectory. However, female but not male SD mice under a normal chow diet displayed glucose intolerance and insulin resistance, which are associated with impaired insulin signaling/AKT in the skeletal muscle and liver. Under high-fat diet (HFD) challenges, male but not female SD mice demonstrated increased body weight gain compared to controls. Both male and female SD mice developed glucose intolerance under HFD. Taken together, these results demonstrate that environmental disruption of circadian rhythms contributes to obesity in a sexually dimorphic manner but increases the risk of glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in both males and females.
Gut microbiota mediates the alleviative effect of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane on obesity-induced glucose metabolism disorders in peripheral tissues in rat dams.; BACKGROUND: Obesity during pregnancy and lactation not only increases the incidence of metabolic disorders and gestational diabetes in mothers, but also programs adiposity and related metabolic diseases in offspring. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk polar lipids on gut microbiota and glucose metabolism in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed rat dams. METHODS: Sprague Dawley (SD) female rats were fed a HFD for 8 weeks to induce obesity, followed by HFD with or without oral administration of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane (MFGM-PL) at 400 mg/kg BW during pregnancy and lactation. At the end of lactation, fresh fecal samples of dams were collected, the gut microbiota was assessed, and the insulin-signaling protein expression in peripheral tissues (adipose tissue, liver and skeletal muscle) were measured. RESULTS: MFGM-PL supplementation attenuated body weight gain, ameliorated serum lipid profiles and improved insulin sensitivity in obese dams at the end of lactation. 16 S rDNA sequencing revealed that MFGM-PL increased the community richness and diversity of gut microbiota. The composition of gut microbiota was also changed after MFGM-PL supplementation as shown by an increase in the ratio of Bacteroidetes/Firmicutes and the relative abundance of Akkermansia, as well as a decrease in the relative abundance of Ruminococcaceae. The functional prediction of microbial communities by PICRUSt analysis showed that there were 7 KEGG pathways related to carbohydrate metabolism changed after MFGM-PL supplementation to HFD dams, including glycolysis/gluconeogenesis and insulin signaling pathway. Furthermore, MFGM-PL improved insulin signaling in the peripheral tissues including liver, adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. CONCLUSIONS: MFGM-PL supplementation during pregnancy and lactation improves the glucose metabolism disorders in HFD-induced obese dams, which may be linked to the regulation of gut microbiota induced by MFGM-PL.
Long-term maternal high-fat feeding from weaning through pregnancy and lactation predisposes offspring to hypertension, raised plasma lipids and fatty liver in mice.; In rodents, adverse prenatal nutrition, such as a maternal diet rich in fat during pregnancy, enhances susceptibility of the offspring to hypertension, type 2 diabetes and other features of the human metabolic syndrome in adulthood. However, previous experimental studies were confined to short-term modifications of the maternal diet during pregnancy and/or lactation periods, a situation uncommon in humans. Moreover in humans, the offspring may also consume a high-fat diet, which may take them beyond the range to which their development has adapted them to respond healthily. We examined in C57 mice the effects on offspring of feeding their mothers a high-fat (HF) or standard chow (C) diet from weaning through pregnancy and lactation, and whether there are additive phenotypic effects of feeding the offspring an HF diet from weaning to adulthood (dam-offspring dietary group HF-HF). This group was compared with offspring from HF-fed dams fed a C diet from weaning to adulthood (HF-C) and offspring from C-fed mothers fed the C or HF diet (C-C and HF-C, respectively). HF-HF, HF-C and C-HF adult female offspring were heavier, fatter, and had raised serum cholesterol and blood pressure compared with C-C female offspring. We observed a similar trend in male offspring except for the HF-C group which was not heavier or fatter than male C-C offspring. Histology showed lipid vacuoles within hepatocytes in the HF-HF, HF-C and C-HF but not the CC offspring. Serum C-reactive protein was elevated in female (C-HF and HF-HF) but not in male offspring. Elevated blood pressure in the HF-C and C-HF groups was attenuated in the HF-HF group in males but not in females. These findings indicate that long-term consumption of an HF diet by the mother predisposes her offspring to developing a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype in adult life, although cardiovascular effects of an HF diet are related to sex specificity in the HF-HF group.
Correlation of viral load of Hepatitis B with the gestation period and the development of diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To elaborate how the viral load of HBV affects the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We enrolled 196 chronic HBV-infected pregnant patients in this hospital between January 2012 and December 2017 for delivery in this study. According to the viral load of HBV-DNA, these patients were divided into the HBV-DNA negative group (n = 107, <1 × 10(3) copies/mL) and HBV-DNA positive group (n = 89, ≥1 × 10(3) copies/mL). Simultaneously, 100 HBV-free pregnant women who were admitted to the hospital for delivery were included in the control group. Before delivery, fasting venous blood was drawn from the pregnant women to perform the HBV-DNA quantification through qRT-PCR; from the 24th to 28th gestation week, all pregnant women underwent OGTT, with the third-trimester-of-pregnancy as the endpoint. Besides, we also measured the FBG, 2hPG and hemoglobin A1c (HbAIc). RESULTS: Among 168 pregnant patients carrying chronic HBV, viral load of 107 patients was less than 1 × 10(3) copies/mL (54.6%), and 89 not less than 1 × 10(3) copies/mL (45.4%). The incidence rates of GDM in the HBV-DNA negative group and HBV-DNA positive group were 18.7% and 19.1%, respectively, significantly higher than that in the control group (p < 0.05), while the difference of the incidence rates of GDM between two HBV-DNA groups were not significant (p > 0.05). In HBV-DNA negative group and HBV-DNA positive group, FBGs, 2hPGs and HbAIcs were respectively (6.96 ± 0.36) mmol/L and (7.04 ± 0.37) mmol/L, (10.26 ± 1.29) mmol/L and (10.16 ± 1.12) mmol/L, and (8.66 ± 0.97) % and (8.91 ± 0.90) %, significantly higher than (4.57 ± 0.34) mmol/L, (6.16 ± 0.86) mmol/L and (5.13 ± 0.57) % (p < 0.05); however, between two HBV-DNA groups, comparisons of the FBG, 2hPG and HbAIc suggested no significant differences (p > 0.05). In 196 patients carrying chronic HBV, positive correlations were identified between the viral load of HBV-DNA, and FBG, 2hPG and HbAIc (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: HBV infection can increase the incidence rate of GDM, and the viral load of HBV-DNA is correlated with the glucose level of pregnant patients.
Hepatitis C, metabolic syndrome, and inflammatory markers: results from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey [NHANES III].; Studies have shown that hepatitis C (HCV) is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) possibly due to insulin resistance and inflammation. Metabolic syndrome is a risk factor for DM2. Our objectives were to assess the relationship between HCV and metabolic syndrome and inflammatory markers. We used data from The Third National Health Nutrition and Examination Survey (NHANES-III). We excluded pregnant women, subjects with diabetes, those taking non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and those diagnosed with concomitant infection. We analyzed the data controlling for demographic variables, body mass index, use of contraceptives, had arthritis, and had gout. Among the 10,383 subjects, 2.3% had HCV and 16.7% had metabolic syndrome using the ATP III criteria. After controlling for the confounders, HCV was not associated with metabolic syndrome but associated with HOMA insulin resistance and inflammatory marker ferritin. Among subjects with both HCV and metabolic syndrome, the adjusted HOMA insulin level was higher than those without HCV and metabolic syndrome. In addition, the serum ferritin level was a strong predictor of HOMA insulin resistance. In clinical practice, serum ferritin can be obtained along with routine blood tests in any laboratory, and it has a potential to be a surrogate marker of insulin resistance in people with HCV and metabolic syndrome.
Perinatal exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate affects glucose metabolism in adult offspring.; Perfluoroalkyl acids (PFAAs) are globally present in the environment and are widely distributed in human populations and wildlife. The chemicals are ubiquitous in human body fluids and have a long serum elimination half-life. The notorious member of PFAAs, perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) is prioritized as a global concerning chemical at the Stockholm Convention in 2009, due to its harmful effects in mammals and aquatic organisms. PFOS is known to affect lipid metabolism in adults and was found to be able to cross human placenta. However the effects of in utero exposure to the susceptibility of metabolic disorders in offspring have not yet been elucidated. In this study, pregnant CD-1 mice (F0) were fed with 0, 0.3 or 3 mg PFOS/kg body weight/day in corn oil by oral gavage daily throughout gestational and lactation periods. We investigated the immediate effects of perinatal exposure to PFOS on glucose metabolism in both maternal and offspring after weaning (PND 21). To determine if the perinatal exposure predisposes the risk for metabolic disorder to the offspring, weaned animals without further PFOS exposure, were fed with either standard or high-fat diet until PND 63. Fasting glucose and insulin levels were measured while HOMA-IR index and glucose AUCs were reported. Our data illustrated the first time the effects of the environmental equivalent dose of PFOS exposure on the disturbance of glucose metabolism in F1 pups and F1 adults at PND 21 and 63, respectively. Although the biological effects of PFOS on the elevated levels of fasting serum glucose and insulin levels were observed in both pups and adults of F1, the phenotypes of insulin resistance and glucose intolerance were only evident in the F1 adults. The effects were exacerbated under HFD, highlighting the synergistic action at postnatal growth on the development of metabolic disorders.
Effect of needle length for response to hepatitis B vaccine in macrosomic neonates: a prospective randomized study.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to determine whether use of a longer (1 in.) rather than a standard (5/8 in.) needle used for macrosomic neonates (birthweight over 4000 g) may affect antibody titers after immunization against hepatitis B virus (HBV). METHODS: Fifty nine healthy infants were vaccinated at birth, 1, and 6 months of age with hepatitis B vaccine, with follow up to 7 months of age. Infants were randomized into two groups according to needle length of first vaccine at birth. First group vaccinated with standart needle length and other group received vaccine by longer needle length. RESULTS: Macrosomic infants who were immunized with a longer needle achieved significantly higher antibody titers to hepatitis B surface antigen than standart needle length (median, 3890.2 vs 1311.7 mIU/mL, respectively; p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Macrosomic neonates benefit from longer needle length with higher levels of antibody titers after HBV vaccination.
Retinol-binding protein 2 (RBP2): biology and pathobiology.; Retinol-binding protein 2 (RBP2; originally cellular retinol-binding protein, type II (CRBPII)) is a 16 kDa cytosolic protein that in the adult is localized predominantly to absorptive cells of the proximal small intestine. It is well established that RBP2 plays a central role in facilitating uptake of dietary retinoid, retinoid metabolism in enterocytes, and retinoid actions locally within the intestine. Studies of mice lacking Rbp2 establish that Rbp2 is not required in times of dietary retinoid-sufficiency. However, in times of dietary retinoid-insufficiency, the complete lack of Rbp2 gives rise to perinatal lethality owing to RBP2 absence in both placental (maternal) and neonatal tissues. Moreover, when maintained on a high-fat diet, Rbp2-knockout mice develop obesity, glucose intolerance and a fatty liver. Unexpectedly, recent investigations have demonstrated that RBP2 binds long-chain 2-monoacylglycerols (2-MAGs), including the canonical endocannabinoid 2-arachidonoylglycerol, with very high affinity, equivalent to that of retinol binding. Crystallographic studies establish that 2-MAGs bind to a site within RBP2 that fully overlaps with the retinol binding site. When challenged orally with fat, mucosal levels of 2-MAGs in Rbp2 null mice are significantly greater than those of matched controls establishing that RBP2 is a physiologically relevant MAG-binding protein. The rise in MAG levels is accompanied by elevations in circulating levels of the hormone glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). It is not understood how retinoid and/or MAG binding to RBP2 affects the functions of this protein, nor is it presently understood how these contribute to the metabolic and hormonal phenotypes observed for Rbp2-deficient mice.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses.; Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45-1.95; P = 9.13 × 10(-12)], overweight (OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.21-1.85; P = 2.06 × 10(-4)), obesity (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18-1.33; P = 8.01 × 10(-13)), obesity class 1 (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17-1.46; P = 1.49 × 10(-6)), obesity class 2 (OR = 1.26; 95% CI: 1.16-1.37; P = 5.23 × 10(-8)), childhood obesity (OR = 1.33; 95% CI: 1.23-1.44; P = 4.06 × 10(-12)), and WHR (OR = 2.35; 95% CI: 1.44-3.83; P = 5.89 × 10(-4)) were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. No significant association was observed with obesity class 3, WC, HC, percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, or abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Similar results were observed in sensitivity analyses. Therefore, genetically predicted pre-pregnancy obesity traits may increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Weight control before pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent gestational diabetes.
Clinicopathologic features of non-lupus membranous nephropathy in a pediatric population.; BACKGROUND: Membranous nephropathy is an uncommon cause of nephrotic syndrome in pediatrics. METHODS: We reviewed our kidney biopsy records for patients ≤ 20 years of age with membranous nephropathy without evidence of systemic lupus erythematosus within 6 months of biopsy (January 1995-September 2020). Staining for PLA2R, NELL1, THSD7A, SEMA3B, EXT2 (3 biopsies), and IgG-subclass were performed. RESULTS: Sixteen children (≤ 12 years) and 25 adolescents (13-20 years) were identified. Four children and 15 adolescents showed autoantigen positivity: PLA2R+/SEMA3B- (13), SEMA3B+/PLA2R+ (2), SEMA3B+/PLA2R- (1), NELL1 (1), EXT2+ (2), and THSD7A (0). Co-morbidities associated with PLA2R positivity included IPEX syndrome, active hepatitis B, Von Hippel Lindau syndrome, solitary kidney, type 1 diabetes, hyperuricemia, pregnancy (1), obesity (3), type II diabetes, H. pylori, viral prodrome, and nephrolithiasis. The SEMA3B+/PLA2R- adolescent was pregnant, the NELL1+ adolescent was obese, and the two EXT2+ adolescents eventually met the clinical criteria for lupus (4, 9 years post-biopsy). Co-morbidities among the remaining 24 patients included remote hepatitis B (2), Down's syndrome, lysinuric protein intolerance, recurrent UTIs, hypothyroidism, pregnancy (3), and obesity (2). Follow-up data was available for 12 children and 16 adolescents. Of the 12 children, 6 achieved complete remission, 4 achieved partial remission, and 2 had no response to treatment (1 transplant). Of the 16 adolescents, 4 achieved complete remission, 4 achieved partial remission, and 8 had no response to treatment (3 transplants). A child with "full-house" immunofluorescence staining achieved spontaneous disease remission. CONCLUSION: Our non-lupus membranous nephropathy cohort represents one of the largest pediatric studies to date. A higher resolution version of the Graphical abstract is available as Supplementary information.
Initiation of metformin in early pregnancy results in fetal bioaccumulation, growth restriction, and renal dysmorphology in a primate model.; BACKGROUND: In recent years, pragmatic metformin use in pregnancy has stretched to include prediabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and (most recently) preeclampsia. However, with its expanded use, concerns of unintended harm have been raised. OBJECTIVE: This study developed an experimental primate model and applied ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry for direct quantitation of maternal and fetal tissue metformin levels with detailed fetal biometry and histopathology. STUDY DESIGN: Within 30 days of confirmed conception (defined as early pregnancy), 13 time-bred (timed-mated breeding) Rhesus dams with pregnancies designated for fetal necropsy were initiated on twice-daily human dose-equivalent 10 mg/kg metformin or vehicle control. Pregnant dams were maintained as pairs and fed either a control chow or 36% fat Western-style diet. Metformin or placebo vehicle control was delivered in various treats while the animals were separated via a slide. A cesarean delivery was performed at gestational day 145, and amniotic fluid and blood were collected, and the fetus and placenta were delivered. The fetus was immediately necropsied by trained primate center personnel. All fetal organs were dissected, measured, sectioned, and processed per clinical standards. Fluid and tissue metformin levels were assayed using validated ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry in selected reaction monitoring against standard curves. RESULTS: Among 13 pregnancies at gestational day 145 with fetal necropsy, 1 dam and its fetal tissues had detectable metformin levels despite being allocated to the vehicle control group (>1 μmol metformin/kg maternal weight or fetal or placental tissue), whereas a second fetus allocated to the vehicle control group had severe fetal growth restriction (birthweight of 248.32 g [<1%]) and was suspected of having a fetal congenital condition. After excluding these 2 fetal pregnancies from further analyses, 11 fetuses from dams initiated on either vehicle control (n=4: 3 female and 1 male fetuses) or 10 mg/kg metformin (n=7: 5 female and 2 male fetuses) were available for analyses. Among dams initiated on metformin at gestational day 30 (regardless of maternal diet), significant bioaccumulation within the fetal kidney (0.78-6.06 μmol/kg; mean of 2.48 μmol/kg), liver (0.16-0.73 μmol/kg; mean of 0.38 μmol/kg), fetal gut (0.28-1.22 μmol/kg; mean of 0.70 μmol/kg), amniotic fluid (0.43-3.33 μmol/L; mean of 1.88 μmol/L), placenta (0.16-1.00 μmol/kg; mean of 0.50 μmol/kg), fetal serum (0.00-0.66 μmol/L; mean of 0.23 μmol/L), and fetal urine (4.10-174.10 μmol/L; mean of 38.5 μmol/L) was observed, with fetal levels near biomolar equivalent to maternal levels (maternal serum: 0.18-0.86 μmol/L [mean of 0.46 μmol/L]; maternal urine: 42.60-254.00 μmol/L [mean of 149.30 μmol/L]). Western-style diet feeding neither accelerated nor reduced metformin bioaccumulations in maternal or fetal serum, urine, amniotic fluid, placenta, or fetal tissues. In these 11 animals, fetal bioaccumulation of metformin was associated with less fetal skeletal muscle (57% lower cross-sectional area of gastrocnemius) and decreased liver, heart, and retroperitoneal fat masses (P<.05), collectively driving lower delivery weight (P<.0001) without changing the crown-rump length. Sagittal sections of fetal kidneys demonstrated delayed maturation, with disorganized glomerular generations and increased cortical thickness. This renal dysmorphology was not accompanied by structural or functional changes indicative of renal insufficiency. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates fetal bioaccumulation of metformin with associated fetal growth restriction and renal dysmorphology after maternal initiation of the drug within 30 days of conception in primates. Given these results and the prevalence of metformin use during pregnancy, additional investigation of any potential immediate and enduring effects of prenatal metformin use is warranted.
Programming Effects of Prenatal Glucocorticoid Exposure with a Postnatal High-Fat Diet in Diabetes Mellitus.; Increasing evidence has shown that many chronic diseases originate from early life, even before birth, through what are termed as fetal programming effects. Glucocorticoids are frequently used prenatally to accelerate the maturation of the lungs of premature infants. High-fat diets are associated with insulin resistance, but the effects of prenatal glucocorticoid exposure plus a postnatal high-fat diet in diabetes mellitus remain unclear. We administered pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats' intraperitoneal dexamethasone (0.1 mg/kg body weight) or vehicle at gestational days 14-20. Male offspring were administered a normal or high-fat diet starting from weaning. We assessed the effects of prenatal steroid exposure plus postnatal high-fat diet on the liver, pancreas, muscle and fat at postnatal day 120. At 15 and 30 min, sugar levels were higher in the dexamethasone plus high-fat diet (DHF) group than the vehicle plus high-fat diet (VHF) group in the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT). Serum insulin levels at 15, 30 and 60 min were significantly higher in the VHF group than in the vehicle and normal diet group. Liver insulin receptor and adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase mRNA expressions and protein levels were lower in the DHF group. Insulin receptor and insulin receptor substrate-1 mRNA expressions were lower in the epididymal adipose tissue in the VHF and DHF groups. "Programming" of liver or epididymal adipose tissue resulted from prenatal events. Prenatal steroid exposure worsened insulin resistance in animals fed a high-fat diet.
FGF4, A New Potential Regulator in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, however the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. The aim of this study was to find efficient regulator of FGFs in response to the pathogenesis of GDM and explore the role of the FGFs in GDM. Methods: We performed a systematic screening of placental FGFs in GDM patients and further in two different GDM mouse models to investigate their expression changes. Significant changed FGF4 was selected, engineered, purified, and used to treat GDM mice in order to examine whether it can regulate the adverse metabolic phenotypes of the diabetic mice and protect their fetus. Results: We found FGF4 expression was elevated in GDM patients and its level was positively correlated to blood glucose, indicating a physiological relevance of FGF4 with respect to the development of GDM. Recombinant FGF4 (rFGF4) treatment could effectively normalize the adverse metabolic phenotypes in high fat diet induced GDM mice but not in STZ induced GDM mice. However, rFGF4 was highly effective in reduce of neural tube defects (NTDs) of embryos in both the two GDM models. Mechanistically, rFGF4 treatment inhibits pro-inflammatory signaling cascades and neuroepithelial cell apoptosis of both GDM models, which was independent of glucose regulation. Conclusions/interpretation: Our study provides novel insight into the important roles of placental FGF4 and suggests that it may serve as a promising diagnostic factor and therapeutic target for GDM.
Maternal obesity impacts fetal liver androgen signalling in a sex-specific manner.; BACKGROUND: Maternal obesity (MO) increases fetal androgen concentrations, the prevalence of macrosomia, and predisposes offspring to metabolic dysfunction in later life, especially males. These risks may be, in part, the result of increased liver-specific androgen signalling pathway activity in utero. Androgen signalling activity can be suppressed by androgen metabolism via cytochrome P450 (CYP) isoenzymes (CYP2B6, CYP3A) or through inhibition of the full-length androgen receptor (AR-FL) via the antagonistic isoform, AR-45. We hypothesised MO impairs CYP enzyme activity and AR-45 expression in male fetal livers, thereby enhancing activity of androgen signalling pathways. METHODS: Nine months prior to pregnancy, nulliparous female baboons were assigned to either ad libitum control or high fat diet. At 165 day (d) gestation (term, 180 d) fetal liver was collected (n = 6/sex/group). CYP activity was quantified using functional assays; subcellular AR expression was measured using Western blot. RESULTS: CYP2B6 and CYP3A activity, and nuclear expression of AR-45, was reduced in MO males only. Nuclear AR-45 expression was inversely related with fetal body weight of MO males only. CONCLUSIONS: Reduced CYP2B6 and CYP3A activity in conjunction with decreased nuclear AR-45 expression may enhance liver androgen signalling in males from MO pregnancies, thereby increasing the risk of macrosomia, as well as metabolic dysfunction in later life.
The developmental basis of disease: Update on environmental exposures and animal models.; At the Prenatal Programming and Toxicity (PPTox) Conference I in 2008, I presented an overview of the developmental origins of health and disease field focusing on environmental chemical exposures and disease outcomes. At that time, I noted that the field was getting off the ground with a focus on developmental exposure to a small number of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) and disease outcomes across the lifespan in animal models. In this update, I note that the DOHaD field has changed significantly over the last decade. There are new windows of susceptibility including preconception, prepuberty, a focus on the mother and not just the offspring, and a significant focus on the new field of epigenetic transgenerational inheritance. New disease focus areas have sprung up including obesity, type 2 diabetes and fatty liver disease, all with a connection to developmental exposures to EDCs. There is also a focus on the study of new EDCs, molecular mechanisms, the development of new biomarkers of exposure and disease outcomes and studies focusing on intervention and prevention studies.
Maternal Socs3 knockdown attenuates postnatal obesity caused by an early life environment of maternal obesity and intrauterine overnutrition in progeny mice.; Pathological states in the early life environment of mammalian offspring, including maternal obesity and intrauterine overnutrition, can induce obesity and metabolic disorder later in life. Leptin resistance caused by upregulation of Socs3 in the hypothalamus of offspring was believed to be the main mechanism of this effect. In this study, obese mother (OM) and lean mother (LM) models were generated by feeding C57BL/6N female mice a high-fat diet or standard lean diet, respectively. Additionally, an obese mother with intervention (OMI) model was generated by injecting the high-fat diet group with Socs3-shRNA lentivirus during early pregnancy. The offspring of the groups was correspondingly named OM-F(1) , LM-F(1) , and OMI-F(1) , representing progeny mouse models of different early life environments. The offspring were fed a high-fat diet to test their propensity for obesity. The body weight, food intake and fat accumulation were higher, while glucose intolerance and insulin resistance were worse in the OM-F(1) group than LM-F(1) group. By contrast, the obesity phenotype, hyperphagia and metabolic disorder were alleviated in the OMI-F(1) group compared with the OM-F(1) group. The mechanism was identified that downregulation of hypothalamic SOCS3 resulted in an increased level of p-STAT3 and p-JAK2, which ameliorated the leptin resistance and restored the lean expression of appetite regulatory genes (Pomc and Agrp) in hypothalamus of OMI-F(1) group. Taken together, these results indicate that reducing maternal Socs3 expression during pregnancy can attenuate obesity caused by the early life environment in mice, which may inspire therapies that enable obese mothers to bear metabolically healthy children.
Nervonic acid triggered ovarian inflammation by inducing mitochondrial oxidative stress to activate NLRP3/ IL-1β pathway.; INTRODUCTION: Metabolic syndrome is a serious public health concern across the globe. However, the typical metabolites and mechanisms underlying the decreased fertility related to metabolic syndrome is still elusive. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to explore the typical metabolites and mechanisms underlying the decreased fertility related with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Utilizing metabolomics, a comparative analysis was conducted on fatty acid compositions in various tissues of sows with high and low reproductive performance. Additionally, serum fatty acid compositions in a metabolic syndrome model (obese mice) induced by a high-fat diet (HFD) were investigated to elucidate the lipid metabolites associated with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the impact of nervonic acid (NA) on ovarian function was examined using rodent animal models (rats and mice). Through biological techniques such as transcriptomics, CUT&Tag, and analysis of post-translational protein modifications, the molecular mechanisms underlying NA mediated ovarian inflammation were further elucidated based on models utilizing ovarian granulosa cells from pigs, humans, and mice. Finally, validation was performed on ovaries from patients diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome. RESULTS: In vitro, targeted serum lipidomic analysis revealed that sows with low embryo survival rates exhibited abnormal lipid metabolism characterized by abnormal accumulation of NA in the liver, ovary, and adipose tissue. Additionally, elevated NA levels trigger ovarian inflammation to cause ovarian dysfunction in both sows and rats. Mechanistically, NA induce mitochondrial oxidative stress through inhibiting respiratory chain proteins CYTB and NDFUB8 to activate NLRP3 inflammasome, which triggers procaspase-1 into active caspase-1, and convert the cytokine precursors pro-IL-1β into biologically active IL-1β in ovarian granulosa cells. Notably, we evidenced that NA promotes IL-1β activities by increasing H3K9ac modification level of IL-1β promoter regions and regulating the expression of the transcription factor AP-1. Finally, we found that the decreased expression of CerS2 in ovaries and the increased level of chemokine CXCL14 may be the cause of abnormal NA accumulation. Surprisingly, individuals with polycystic ovary syndrome, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver or gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit a high level of serum NA. CONCLUSION: Collectively, our current study suggests that NA is a typical metabolite of metabolic syndrome, which strongly influences the ovarian function and embryo survival and also provides that interfering with mitochondrial ROS production is a potential strong strategy for target solving abnormal NA accumulation.
Maternal Hepatitis B Infection and Pregnancy Outcomes in the United States: A Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in pregnancy has been associated with risk of adverse maternal and infant outcomes in highly endemic settings, but this association is not well characterized in the United States. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study in Washington State using linked birth certificate and hospital discharge records from 1992-2014. Among pregnant women with hepatitis B (n = 4391) and a hepatitis B-negative group (n = 22 410), we compared the risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, placenta previa, preterm delivery, low birthweight, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: Hepatitis B-infected pregnant women were more likely to be Asian (61% vs 8%, P < .001), foreign-born (76% vs 23%, P < .001), and older in age (77% vs 64% ≥26 years, P < .001). They were less commonly overweight or obese (33% vs 50%, P < .001). There was a lower risk of small for gestational age infants among HBV-infected women (adjusted RR [aRR], 0.79; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.67-0.93). The risk of other adverse outcomes was not significantly different between hepatitis B-infected and -negative women (gestational diabetes: aRR, 1.11; 95% CI, 0.92-1.34; pre-eclampsia: aRR, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.82-1.35; eclampsia: aRR, 2.31; 95% CI, 0.90-5.91; placenta previa: aRR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.35-3.84; preterm delivery: aRR, 1.15; 95% CI, 0.98-1.34; low birth weight: aRR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.90-1.29; large for gestational age: aRR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.82-1.24). CONCLUSIONS: In a low-burden setting in the United States, hepatitis B infection was not associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
High-level mosaic trisomy 21 at amniocentesis in a pregnancy associated with positive NIPT for trisomy 21, prenatal progressive decrease of the trisomy 21 cell line, acute fatty liver of pregnancy and intrauterine fetal death in late gestation.; OBJECTIVE: We present high-level mosaic trisomy 21 at amniocentesis in a pregnancy associated with positive non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) for trisomy 21, prenatal progressive decrease of the trisomy 21 cell line, acute fatty liver of pregnancy and intrauterine fetal death (IUFD) in late gestation. CASE REPORT: A 32-year-old, primigravid woman underwent amniocentesis at 17 weeks of gestation because of positive NIPT for trisomy 21 at 12 weeks of gestation. This pregnancy was conceived by in vitro fertilization. She did not have obesity, diabetes mellitus, hepatic biliary disorders and preeclampsia. Amniocentesis revealed a karyotype of 47,XY,+21[10]/46,XY[11], and array comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH) analysis on uncultured amniocytes revealed the result of arr (21) × 2-3. She was referred for genetic counseling, and repeat amniocentesis performed at 21 weeks of gestation revealed the karyotype of 47,XY,+21[10]/46,XY[28]. The parental karyotypes and fetal ultrasound findings were normal. Simultaneous molecular analysis on uncultured amniocytes showed no uniparental disomy 21, but a maternal origin of trisomy 21 by quantitative fluorescent polymerase chain reaction (QF-PCR) and the result of arr 21q11.2q22.3 × 2.5 by aCGH analysis. At 27 weeks of gestation, she underwent a third amniocentesis, of which conventional cytogenetic analysis revealed the result of 47,XY,+21[5]/46,XY[17] in cultured amniocytes, and aCGH analysis revealed arr 21q11.2q22.3 × 2.48, and interphase fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) analysis revealed 39% (39/100 cells) mosaicism fro trisomy 21 in uncultured amniocytes. At 36 weeks of gestation, the woman suffered from a sudden onset of acute fatty liver and IUFD. A 3522-g male baby was delivered without Down syndrome phenotype. The umbilical cord had a karyotype of 47,XY,+21[10]/46,XY[30]. aCGH analysis on the skin and placenta showed arr 21q11.2q22.3 × 2.73 and arr 21q11.2q22.3 × 2.75, respectively. QF-PCR analysis of umbilical cord, placenta and skin showed a maternal origin of trisomy 21. CONCLUSION: High-level mosaic trisomy 21 at amniocentesis can be associated with prenatal progressive decrease of the trisomy 21 cell line in cultured amniocytes and perinatal fetal mortality and maternal morbidity.
Sex-dependent nutritional programming: fish oil intake during early pregnancy in rats reduces age-dependent insulin resistance in male, but not female, offspring.; Prenatal and early postnatal nutritional status may predispose offspring to impaired glucose tolerance and changes in insulin sensitivity in adult life. The long-term consequences of changes in maternal dietary fatty acid composition were determined in rats. From day 1 until day 12 of pregnancy, rats were given isocaloric diets containing 9% nonvitamin fat based on soybean, olive, fish (FO), linseed, or palm oil. Thereafter, they were maintained on the standard diet; offspring were studied at different ages. Body weight at 4, 8, and 12 mo and lumbar adipose tissue and liver weights at 12 mo did not differ between females on the different diets, whereas in males the corresponding values were all lower in the offspring from the FO group compared with the other dietary groups. Plasma glucose concentrations (both basal and after an oral glucose load) did not change with sex or dietary group, but plasma insulin concentrations were lower in females than in males and, in males, were lowest in the FO group. Similar relations were found with both the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity index. In conclusion, the intake of more n-3 fatty acids (FO diet) during early pregnancy reduced both fat accretion and age-related decline in insulin sensitivity in male offspring but not in females. It is proposed that the lower adiposity caused by the increased n-3 fatty acids during the intrauterine life was responsible of the lower insulin resistance in male offspring.
Fructose only in pregnancy provokes hyperinsulinemia, hypoadiponectinemia, and impaired insulin signaling in adult male, but not female, progeny.; PURPOSE: Fructose intake from added sugars correlates with the epidemic rise in metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. However, consumption of beverages containing fructose is allowed during gestation. Recently, we found that an intake of fructose (10 % wt/vol) throughout gestation produces impaired fetal leptin signaling and hepatic steatosis. Therefore, we have investigated whether fructose intake during pregnancy produces subsequent changes in the progeny, when adult. METHODS: Fed 261-day-old male and female descendants from fructose-fed, control or glucose-fed mothers were used. Plasma was used to analyze glucose, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin. Hepatic expression of proteins related to insulin signaling was determined. RESULTS: Fructose intake throughout pregnancy did not produce alterations in the body weight of the progeny. Adult male progeny of fructose-fed mothers had elevated levels of insulin without a parallel increase in phosphorylation of protein kinase B. However, they displayed an augmented serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-2, indicating reduced insulin signal transduction. In agreement, adiponectin levels, which have been positively related to insulin sensitivity, were lower in male descendants from fructose-fed mothers than in the other two groups. Furthermore, mRNA levels for insulin-responsive genes were not affected (phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, glucose-6-phosphatase) or they were decreased (sterol response element-binding protein-1c) in the livers of male progeny from fructose-supplemented rats. On the contrary, adult female rats from fructose-fed mothers did not exhibit any of these disturbances. CONCLUSION: Maternal fructose, but not glucose, intake confined to the prenatal stage provokes impaired insulin signal transduction, hyperinsulinemia, and hypoadiponectinemia in adult male, but not female, progeny.
[Medical disorders which interfere with pregnancy].; During pregnancy, the future mother can develop several different diseases. Most of them have a benign prognosis. Cyanotic heart disease, at least when it is accompanied by significant pulmonary hypertension or induces a functional class IV represents a contra-indication to pregnancy. Pregnancy cardiomyopathy generally carries a poor prognosis and may be responsible for the mother's death. Herpes virus pneumopathy can also be extremely dangerous. Lupus erythematosus represents a factor of guarded prognosis for the outcome of pregnancy; discontinuation of the latter should be seriously considered. Hepatic steatosis which is a rare diagnosis must be distinguished from Hellp syndrome in which the maternal prognosis is much better. In this review, we shall briefly discuss various medical diseases which may have a deleterious influence on the evolution of pregnancy or on the foetus. These deleterious influences can be direct, i.e. due to the disease, or indirect, i.e. due to the therapy. We shall successively consider several neurological, cardiological, pulmonary, dermatological and digestive diseases. We shall not take into account viral infections or infections in general, diabetes mellitus or the various vasculo-renal syndromes.
Peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma 2 modulates late pregnancy homeostatic metabolic adaptations.; Pregnancy requires the adaptation of maternal energy metabolism including expansion and functional modifications of adipose tissue. Insulin resistance (IR), predominantly during late gestation, is a physiological metabolic adaptation that serves to support the metabolic demands of fetal growth. The molecular mechanisms underlying these adaptations are not fully understood and may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) controls adipogenesis, glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. The PPARγ2 isoform is mainly expressed in adipocytes and is thus likely to contribute to adipose tissue adaptation during late pregnancy. In the present study, we investigated the contribution of PPARγ2 to the metabolic adaptations occurring during the late phase of pregnancy in the context of IR. Using a model of late pregnancy in PPARγ2 knockout (KO) mice, we found that deletion of PPARγ2 exacerbated IR in association with lower serum adiponectin levels, increased body weight and enhanced lipid accumulation in liver. Lack of PPARγ2 provoked changes in the distribution of fat mass and preferentially prevented the expansion of the perigonadal depot while at the same time exacerbating inflammation. PPARγ2KO pregnant mice presented adipose tissue depot-dependent decreased expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. Collectively, these data indicate that PPARγ2 is essential to promote healthy adipose tissue expansion and immune and metabolic functionality during pregnancy, contributing to the physiological adaptations that lead gestation to term.
Prenatal Nicotine Exposure Induces Low Birthweight and Hyperinsulinemia in Male Rats.; Smoking during pregnancy is one of the causes of low birthweight. Ingestion of nicotine during pregnancy has various metabolic impacts on the fetus and offspring. According to the developmental origins of health and disease theory, low birthweight is a risk factor for developing various non-communicable diseases, including diabetes. We hypothesized that when nicotine-induced low-birthweight rats, when exposed to a high-fat diet (HFD) after growth, are predisposed to glucose intolerance as a result of a mismatch between the eutrophic environment and small body size. Therefore, we investigated whether hyperinsulinemia was caused by exposure of nicotine-induced low-birthweight rats to HFD, including whether this phenomenon exhibited possible sex differences. The average birthweight and body weight at weaning day of offspring from nicotine-administered dams was lower than those of controls. The offspring from nicotine-administered dams did not show rapid fat accumulation after exposure to HFD, and weight and body fat ratio of these animals did not differ from those of the controls. Blood glucose levels did not differ between the groups, but insulin levels increased only in male HFD-exposed offspring from nicotine-administered dams. Similarly, only in HFD-exposed male from nicotine-administered dams showed decreases in the insulin receptor expression in the liver. We conclude that male rats subjected to prenatal nicotine exposure develop hyperinsulinemia when exposed to HFD after growth. Our results suggest that decreased expression of insulin receptors in the liver may be involved in the mechanism underlying hyperinsulinemia in low-birthweight offspring, a phenomenon that appeared to exhibit a sex-specific bias.
Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases.; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longer-term sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life.
Obstetric profiles and pregnancy outcomes of immigrant women in New South Wales, 1990-1992.; This study examined the obstetric profiles and pregnancy outcomes of immigrant women in New South Wales (NSW). The source of data was the NSW Midwives Data Collection. The characteristics of 64,922 immigrant women were compared with 189,357 Australian-born non-Aboriginal women who delivered babies between 1990-1992 in NSW. The study demonstrated that immigrant women were older, generally had less private health insurance coverage and fewer teenage pregnancies. Immigrant women showed lower rates of essential hypertension, but higher rates of hepatitis B and gestational diabetes. While induced labour was conducted less frequently among immigrant women, episiotomy, instrumental delivery and Caesarean section were performed more frequently among this group. The incidence of postpartum complications was higher among immigrant women. Differences were assessed among women from European, Asian, Middle Eastern, American, New Zealand/Oceania and African backgrounds. For example, the higher rates of hepatitis B, gestational diabetes, episiotomy, instrumental delivery, Caesarean section, postpartum haemorrhage, third degree tear and puerperal infection among Asian-born women were of concern. By contrast, pregnancies among Middle Eastern-born women were associated with fewer complications in spite of their high parity and high percentage of teenage pregnancies. Infants of immigrant mothers were more likely to be resuscitated and/or admitted to special care nursery/neonatal intensive care unit. These findings in immigrant women in NSW suggested the need for culturally appropriate obstetric services, clinical practice reviews, and the greater involvement of general practitioners in obstetric care.
Fetal hyperinsulinemia increases farnesylation of p21 Ras in fetal tissues.; Even though the role of fetal hyperinsulinemia in the pathogenesis of fetal macrosomia in patients with overt diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus seems plausible, the molecular mechanisms of action of hyperinsulinemia remain largely enigmatic. Recent indications that hyperinsulinemia "primes" various tissues to the mitogenic influence of growth factors by increasing the pool of prenylated Ras proteins prompted us to investigate the effect of fetal hyperinsulinemia on the activitiy of farnesyltransferase (FTase) and the amounts of farnesylated p21 Ras in fetal tissues in the ovine experimental model. Induction of fetal hyperinsulinemia by direct infusion of insulin into the fetus and by either fetal or maternal infusions of glucose resulted in significant increases in the activity of FTase and the amounts of farnesylated p21 Ras in fetal liver, skeletal muscle, fat, and white blood cells. An additional infusion of somatostatin into hyperglycemic fetuses blocked fetal hyperinsulinemia and completely prevented these increases, specifying insulin as the causative factor. We conclude that the ability of fetal hyperinsulinemia to increase the size of the pool of farnesylated p21 Ras may prime fetal tissues to the action of other growth factors and thereby constitute one mechanism by which fetal hyperinsulinemia could induce macrosomia in diabetic pregnancies.
Fetal liver-sparing cardiovascular adaptations linked to mother's slimness and diet.; Fetal adaptations to impaired maternoplacental nutrient supply include altered regional blood flow. Whether such responses operate within the normal range of maternal body composition or diet is unknown, but any change in fetal liver perfusion could alter hepatic development, with long-term consequences for the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease. In 381 low-risk pregnancies, we found that the fetuses of slimmer mothers with lower body fat stores and those eating an unbalanced diet had greater liver blood flow and shunted less blood away from the liver through the ductus venosus at 36 weeks gestation. Consequences of such "liver-sparing" may underlie the increased cardiovascular risk of people whose mothers were slimmer and had lower body fat stores in pregnancy.
Survival and complications in thalassemia.; The life expectancy of patients with thalassemia major has significantly increased in recent years, as reported by several groups in different countries. However, complications are still frequent and affect the patients' quality of life. In a recent study from the United Kingdom, it was found that 50% of the patients had died before age 35. At that age, 65% of the patients from an Italian long-term study were still alive. Heart disease is responsible for more than half of the deaths. The prevalence of complications in Italian patients born after 1970 includes heart failure in 7%, hypogonadism in 55%, hypothyroidism in 11%, and diabetes in 6%. Similar data were reported in patients from the United States. In the Italian study, lower ferritin levels were associated with a lower probability of experiencing heart failure and with prolonged survival. Osteoporosis and osteopenia are common and affect virtually all patients. Hepatitis C virus antibodies are present in 85% of multitransfused Italian patients, 23% of patients in the United Kingdom, 35% in the United States, 34% in France, and 21% in India. Hepatocellular carcinoma can complicate the course of hepatitis. A survey of Italian centers has identified 23 such cases in patients with a thalassemia syndrome. In conclusion, rates of survival and complication-free survival continue to improve, due to better treatment strategies. New complications are appearing in long-term survivors. Iron overload of the heart remains the main cause of morbidity and mortality.
MALAT1 as a Diagnostic and Therapeutic Target in Diabetes-Related Complications: A Promising Long-Noncoding RNA.; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
E-cigarettes damage the liver and alter nutrient metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring.; Approximately 15% of pregnant women vape electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes), exposing the fetus to a range of toxic compounds, including nicotine and by-products of e-cigarette liquid (e-liquid) pyrolysis. Owing to the recent emergence of these products, research mainly focuses on immediate users, and not on in utero exposure. Therefore, this study aimed to understand the impact of intrauterine e-cigarette vapor (e-vapor) exposure, with and without nicotine, on liver metabolic markers in the male offspring. E-vapor was generated using an e-cigarette filled with tobacco-flavored e-liquid (18 or 0 mg/mL nicotine). Female Balb/c mice were exposed to e-vapor for 6 weeks before mating, through gestation and lactation, without direct exposure to the offspring. Livers and plasma from dams and male offspring (13 weeks old) were examined. Exposure to nicotine-free e-vapor promoted metabolic changes and liver damage in both the dams and their offspring. Furthermore, exposure to nicotine-containing e-vapor did not cause liver damage but induced hepatic steatosis in the adult offspring. Therefore, maternal vaping is detrimental to both the dams and their offspring, with nicotine providing a potential protective effect.
Ultrasound evaluation of the fetal fat tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord measurements in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 1 diabetes mellitus: potential application in the fetal birth-weight estimation and prediction of the fetal macrosomia.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to evaluate the ultrasound-derived measurements of the fetal soft-tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational (GDM) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and further to assess their applicability in the estimation of the fetal birth-weight and prediction of fetal macrosomia. METHODS: Measurements were obtained from diet-controlled GDM (GDMG1) (n = 40), insulin-controlled GDM (GDMG2) (n = 40), T1DM (n = 24) and healthy control (n = 40) patients. The following parameters were selected for analysis: fetal sub-scapular fat mass (SSFM), abdominal fat mass (AFM), mid-thigh fat/lean mass (MTFM/MTLM) and inter-ventricular septum (IVS) thicknesses, heart and thorax circumference and area (HeC/HeA; ThC/ThA), liver length (LL), umbilical cord/vein/arteries circumference and area (UmC/UmA; UvC/UvA; UaC/UaA) together with total umbilical vessels (UveA) and Wharton's jelly area (WjA). Regression models were created in order to assess the contribution of selected parameters to fetal birth-weight (FBW) and risk of fetal macrosomia. RESULTS: Measurements of the fetal SSFM, AFM, MTFM, MTFM/MTLM ratio, HeC, HeA, IVS, LL, UmC, UmA, UaC, UaA, UveA and WjA were significantly increased among patients with GDMG2/T1DM as compared to GDMG1 and/or control groups (p < .05). The regression analysis revealed that maternal height as well as fetal biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference (AC), AFM and LL measurements were independent predictors of the FBW (p < .05). In addition, increase in the fetal AFM, AC and femur length (FL) was associated with a significant risk of fetal macrosomia occurrence (p < .05). The equation developed for the FBW estimation [FBW(g) = - 2254,942 + 17,204 * FL (mm) + 105,531 * AC (cm) + 131,347 * AFM (mm)] provided significantly lower mean absolute percent error than standard formula in the sub-group of women with T1DM (5.7% vs 9.4%, p < .05). Moreover, new equation including AC, FL and AFM parameters yielded sensitivity of 93.8%, specificity 77.7%, positive predictive value 54.5% and negative predictive value of 97.8% in the prediction of fetal macrosomia. CONCLUSIONS: Ultrasound measurements of the fetal soft tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord are significantly increased among women with GDM treated with insulin and T1DM. In addition to standard biometric measurements, parameters, such as AFM, may find application in the management of diabetes-complicated pregnancies.
Adipose stem cells-derived small extracellular vesicles transport Thrombospondin 1 cargo to promote insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a highly prevalent disease and poses a significant risk to the health of pregnant women. Abdominal adipose tissue (AT) contributes to insulin resistance (IR) associated with GDM. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. METHODS: In this study, we developed a mouse model of GDM by subjecting mice to a high-fat diet. We collected adipose-derived stem cells (ADSCs) from the abdominal and inguinal regions and examined their role in inducing IR in normal tissues through the secretion of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs). The sEVs derived from ADSCs isolated from GDM mice (ADSC/GDM) were found to inhibit cell viability and insulin sensitivity in AML12, a normal mouse liver cell line. RESULTS: Through proteomic analysis, we identified high levels of the thrombospondin 1 (Thbs1) protein in the sEVs derived from ADSC/GDM. Subsequent overexpression of Thbs1 protein in AML12 cells demonstrated similar IR as observed with ADSC/GDM-derived sEVs. Mechanistically, the Thbs1 protein within the sEVs interacted with CD36 and transforming growth factor (Tgf) β receptors in AML12 cells, leading to the activation of Tgfβ/Smad2 signaling. Furthermore, the administration of LSKL, an antagonistic peptide targeting Thbs1, suppressed Thbs1 expression in ADSC/GDM-derived sEVs, thereby restoring insulin sensitivity in AML12 cells and GDM mice in vivo. CONCLUSIONS: These findings shed light on the intercellular transmission mechanism through which ADSCs influence hepatic insulin sensitivity and underscore the therapeutic potential of targeting the Thbs1 protein within sEVs.
Metabolic programming in offspring of mice fed fructose during pregnancy and lactation.; Fructose (C(6)H(12)O(6)), also known as levulose, is a hexose. Chronic consumption of fructose may be associated with increased intrahepatic fat concentration and the development of insulin resistance as well as an increase in the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and hyperlipidemia during pregnancy. Despite the existence of many studies regarding the consumption of fructose in pregnancy, its effects on fetuses have not yet been fully elucidated. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate the genetic and biochemical effects in offspring (male and female) of female mice treated with fructose during pregnancy and lactation. Pairs of 60-day-old Swiss mice were used and divided into three groups; negative control and fructose, 10%/l and 20%/l doses of fructose groups. After offspring birth, the animals were divided into six groups: P1 and P2 (males and females), water; P3 and P4 (males and females) fructose 10%/l; and P5 and P6 (males and females) fructose 20%/l. At 30 days of age, the animals were euthanized for genetic and biochemical assessments. Female and male offspring from both dosage groups demonstrated genotoxicity (evaluated through comet assay) and oxidative stress (evaluated through nitrite concentration, sulfhydril content and superoxide dismutase activity) in peripheral and brain tissues. In addition, they showed nutritional and metabolic changes due to the increase in food consumption, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic syndrome. Therefore, it is suggested that high consumption of fructose by pregnant female is harmful to their offspring. Thus, it is important to carry out further studies and make pregnant women aware of excessive fructose consumption during this period.
Short communication: Circulating fatty acylcarnitines are elevated in overweight periparturient dairy cows in association with sphingolipid biomarkers of insulin resistance.; Defects in mitochondrial fatty acid processing are associated with the development of fatty liver disease, inflammation, and insulin resistance in overweight nonruminants. Surplus fatty acids (FA) and defects in FA oxidation favor the accumulation of fatty acylcarnitines (FAC) and the sphingolipid ceramide. Moreover, elevated circulating FAC and ceramide concentrations are inversely related to insulin action. Because we have previously demonstrated that plasma ceramide levels increase during the transition from gestation to lactation, our aim was to determine whether changes in plasma medium- and long-chain FAC levels are related to circulating FA and sphingolipids in peripartal dairy cows. We hypothesized that plasma FAC levels would be higher in overweight cows experiencing increased lipolysis, and that FAC levels would be positively associated with elevations in plasma ceramides. Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows were grouped according to body condition score (BCS) at d -30 prepartum as lean (BCS <3.0; n = 10) or overweight (BCS >4.0; n = 11). Blood was collected at d -30, -15, -7, and 4, relative to parturition. Circulating FAC and ceramide levels were determined using liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. To investigate the potential contributions of sphingomyelin (SM) hydrolysis to ceramide accrual, we also determined plasma SM levels during the peripartum period. Data were analyzed under a mixed model with the fixed effects of adiposity and time, and the random effect of cow. Relative to lean cows, overweight cows had elevated FAC during the transition from gestation to lactation. Circulating FAC levels were positively associated with FA, ceramide, and dihydro-SM levels. Although circulating FAC levels increased in all cows during the peripartum, enhanced prepartum adiposity contributed to a greater rise in plasma FA and FAC. Our results support on-going efforts to determine whether altered mitochondrial FA processing promotes the accumulation of the insulin resistance biomarker ceramide in blood and liver.
Metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIM OF THE STUDY: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is now the most prevalent chronic liver disease in the world. Its prevalence in women of reproductive age is approximately 10%. Due to its high prevalence in this specific population, it is important to investigate adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by MAFLD during pregnancy. We aimed to summarize the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A search was conducted on PubMed and ProQuest from inception to April 1, 2021, for studies assessing the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). We analyzed the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed and random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed using I (2). RESULTS: Six studies comprising 20,535,994 (5,964 MAFLD) pregnant women were included. The quality of studies ranged from 6 to 8 stars. MAFLD was significantly associated with increased risk of dysglycemia (OR = 3.65, 95% CI = 2.47-5.39), pregnancy-associated hypertension (OR = 3.27, 95% CI = 2.75-3.88), cesarean section (OR = 2.78, 95% CI = 1.60-4.83), and preterm birth (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.37-2.10) but not large for gestational age (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 0.64-4.45). CONCLUSIONS: The presence of MAFLD is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
Effect of gestational alloxan diabetes and fasting on fetal lipogenesis and lipid deposition in pigs.; Experiments were conducted in pregnant pigs to determine the influence of alloxan diabetes and maternal fasting on fetal development. Maternal fasting and alloxan diabetes both increased adipose tissue thickness in fetuses at 112 days of gestation without altering body weight. Body fat was increased quantitatively only in the fetuses from the diabetic pigs (FDP). Apparently, different factors were affecting the structural development of adipose tissue and the actual storage of lipid. Fetal and maternal hepatic fatty acid synthesis were unaffected by treatments. Maternal subcutaneous adipose fatty acid synthesis were unaffected by treatments. Maternal subcutaneous adipose fatty acid synthesis was depressed by 75% in both fasted and diabetic dams while subcutaneous adipose tissue lipogenesis was increased 40-fold in the FDP. Enzymes normally associated with lipogenesis (shunt enzymes) were also affected in a similar fashion. These observations support the concept that fetal adipose de novo fatty acid synthesis is stimulated by diabetic pregnancies and is a primary mechanism by which increased lipid accumulates in the fetus.
Maternal high-fat intake during pregnancy programs metabolic-syndrome-related phenotypes through liver mitochondrial DNA copy number and transcriptional activity of liver PPARGC1A.; In this study, we contrasted the hypothesis that maternal diet during pregnancy has an impact on fetal metabolic programming through changes in liver mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content and transcriptional activity of Ppargc1a and that these effects are sex specific. METHODS: Rats were fed either high-fat (HFD) or standard chow diet (SCD) during gestation and lactation. The resulting adult male and female offspring were fed either HFD or SCD for an 18-week period, generating eight experimental groups. RESULTS: Maternal HFD feeding during pregnancy is associated with a decreased liver mtDNA copy number (P<.008). This effect was independent of the offspring sex or diet, and was significantly associated with fatty liver when dams were fed HFD (P<.05, adjusted by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR). We also found that maternal HFD feeding results in a male-specific significant reduction of the liver abundance of Ppargc1a mRNA (P<.004), which significantly impacted peripheral insulin resistance. Liver expression of Ppargc1a was inversely correlated with HOMA-IR (R=-0.53, P<.0003). Only male offspring exposed to a chronic metabolic insult in adult life were insulin resistant and hyperleptinemic, and showed abnormal liver and abdominal fat accumulation. Liver abundance of Tfam, Nrf1, Hnf4a, Pepck and Ppparg mRNA was not associated with maternal programming. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet feeding during pregnancy programs liver mtDNA content and the transcriptional activity of Ppargc1a, which strongly modulates, in a sex-specific manner, glucose homeostasis and organ fat accumulation in adult life after exposure to a nutritional insult.
Myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection in pregnancy.; Myocardial infarction associated with pregnancy is a relatively rare event, usually related to maternal risk factors for ischemic heart disease such as hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Coronary artery dissection represents an even more uncommon event and generally occurs in peripartum women without predisposing risk factors. A 31-year-old patient's postpartum course was complicated by the development of probable acute fatty liver of pregnancy followed by myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection. The acute fatty liver of pregnancy and the cardiac event in our patient may both be vasospastic events related to vascular hypersensitivity.
Foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of cardiometabolic conditions in adulthood: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies was performed to provide a deeper understanding of the associations between foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, hypertension, hyperglycaemia, dyslipidaemia, obesity, overweight, coronary heart disease, stroke, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adulthood. Both foetal and childhood exposure to famine were positively associated with the risks of T2DM (foetal exposure: RR 1.37, 95% CI, 1.23-1.52; childhood exposure: RR 1.33, 95% CI, 1.08-1.64), metabolic syndrome (RR 1.26, 95% CI, 1.07-1.50; RR 1.24, 95% CI, 1.13-1.35), hypertension (RR 1.30, 95% CI, 1.07-1.57; RR 1.33, 95% CI, 1.02-1.74), hyperglycaemia (RR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.11-1.45; RR 1.25, 95% CI, 1.10-1.42), dyslipidaemia (RR 1.48, 95% CI, 1.33-1.66; RR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.12-1.45), obesity (RR 1.19, 95% CI, 1.02-1.39; RR 1.13, 95% CI, 1.00-1.28), overweight (RR 1.17, 95% CI, 1.07-1.29; RR 1.07, 95% CI, 1.00-1.14), coronary heart disease (RR 1.22, 95% CI, 1.00-1.51; RR 1.21, 95% CI, 1.09-1.35), and moderate-to-severe NAFLD (RR 1.66, 95% CI, 1.07-2.57; RR 1.68, 95% CI, 1.41-1.99) in adulthood. No association was observed for the risks of stroke or mild NAFLD. Adjustments for age, alcohol, smoking, body mass index, and physical activity nullified some associations. The associations were generally stronger in women than in men. In summary, foetal and childhood exposure to famine may confer greater risks of developing certain cardiometabolic conditions in adulthood, particularly in women. The extent to which risks for cardiometabolic conditions are associated with early-life famine appears to be determined by certain factors in adulthood.
Maternal cholestasis during pregnancy programs metabolic disease in offspring.; The intrauterine environment is a major contributor to increased rates of metabolic disease in adults. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a liver disease of pregnancy that affects 0.5%-2% of pregnant women and is characterized by increased bile acid levels in the maternal serum. The influence of ICP on the metabolic health of offspring is unknown. We analyzed the Northern Finland birth cohort 1985-1986 database and found that 16-year-old children of mothers with ICP had altered lipid profiles. Males had increased BMI, and females exhibited increased waist and hip girth compared with the offspring of uncomplicated pregnancies. We further investigated the effect of maternal cholestasis on the metabolism of adult offspring in the mouse. Females from cholestatic mothers developed a severe obese, diabetic phenotype with hepatosteatosis following a Western diet, whereas matched mice not exposed to cholestasis in utero did not. Female littermates were susceptible to metabolic disease before dietary challenge. Human and mouse studies showed an accumulation of lipids in the fetoplacental unit and increased transplacental cholesterol transport in cholestatic pregnancy. We believe this is the first report showing that cholestatic pregnancy in the absence of altered maternal BMI or diabetes can program metabolic disease in the offspring.
[Secondary hyperlipoproteinemias].; At first the review deals with significance of the apoproteins for the metabolism of the lipoproteins, especially VLDL. Thus, for instance the apo-C is a cofactor for the lipase of the fatty tissue which hydrolyses the chylomicron-TG. The author enters examples of the secondary hyperlipoproteinaemias: hyperlipoproteinaemias in diseases of the liver and of the kidneys, in pancreatitis and in diabetes. In cholestasis an abnormal lipoprotein called LP-X is observed, in other diseases of the liver the beta2LP corresponding to the VLDL-intermediate. Causes for increases of lipoproteins in renal diseases are probably disturbances of the protein metabolism. There are close correlations between hyperlipoproteinaemias and pancreatitis. In diabetes primary hyperlipoproteinaemias in maturity-onset-diabetes are to be differed from clearly secondary ones in juvenile-onset-diabetes as well as such ones in nephropathy. The therapy of the secondary hyperlipoproteinaemias is shortly discussed.
Previously unrecognized risk factors for severe hypoglycaemia requiring emergency medical care in insulin-treated type 2 diabetes: Results from a real-world nested case-control study.; AIM: Several risk factors for severe hypoglycaemia (SH) are associated with insulin-treated diabetes. This study explored potential risk factors in adults with insulin-treated type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this case-control study, adults with T2DM initiating insulin were identified in the IQVIA PharMetrics® Plus database. The index date was the date of the first SH event (cases). Using incidence-density sampling, controls were selected from those who had been exposed 'at risk' of SH for the same amount of time as each case. After exact-matching on the well-established factors, previously unreported risk factors were evaluated through conditional logistic regression. RESULTS: In 3153 case-control pairs, pregnancy [odds ratios (OR) = 3.20, p = .0003], alcohol abuse (OR = 2.43, p < .0001), short-/rapid-acting insulin (OR = 2.22/1.47, p < .0001), cancer (OR = 1.87, p < .0001), dementia/Alzheimer's disease (OR = 1.73, p = .0175), peripheral vascular disease (OR = 1.59, p < .0001), antipsychotics (OR = 1.59; p = .0059), anxiolytics (OR = 1.51, p = .0012), paralysis/hemiplegia/paraplegia (OR = 1.51, p = .0416), hepatitis (OR = 1.50, p = .0303), congestive heart failure (OR = 1.47, p = .0002), adrenergic-corticosteroid combinations (OR = 1.45, p = .0165), β-adrenoceptor agonists (OR = 1.40, p = .0225), opioids (OR = 1.38, p < .0001), corticosteroids (OR = 1.35, p = .0159), cardiac arrhythmia (OR = 1.29. p = .0065), smoking (OR = 1.28, p = .005), Charlson Comorbidity Index score 2 (OR = 1.28, p = .0026), 3 (OR = 1.41, p = .0016) or ≥4 (OR = 1.57, p = .0002), liver/gallbladder/pancreatic disease (OR = 1.26, p = .0182) and hypertension (OR = 1.19, p = .0164) were independently associated with SH. CONCLUSIONS: Although all people with insulin-treated diabetes are at risk of SH, these results have identified some previously unrecognized risk factors and sub-groups of insulin-treated adults with T2DM at greater risk. Scrutiny of current therapies and comorbidities are advised as well as additional glucose monitoring and education, when identifying and managing SH in vulnerable populations.
Trends in the Prevalence of Hepatitis C Infection During Pregnancy and Maternal-Infant Outcomes in the US, 1998 to 2018.; IMPORTANCE: Injection drug use is the primary risk factor for hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in adults. More than one-third of newly reported HCV cases occur in women, particularly among persons aged 20 to 39 years. However, nationally representative data on HCV during pregnancy are limited. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the temporal trend of HCV-positive pregnancies during the opioid epidemic and identify HCV-associated maternal and perinatal outcomes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A cross-sectional study was performed with data from the US, from calendar year 1998 through 2018. Data analysis was conducted from November 14, 2021, to May 14, 2023. Participants included women during in-hospital childbirth or spontaneous abortion in the National Inpatient Sample of the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project. EXPOSURE: Maternal HCV infection. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The main outcome was the temporal trend, measured as change in the annual prevalence, in the prevalence of HCV positivity among pregnant women since the start of the opioid epidemic in the late 1990s. Secondary outcomes were the associations shown as relative odds between maternal HCV infection and maternal and perinatal adverse events. RESULTS: During the study period, more than 70 million hospital admissions resulted in childbirth or spontaneous abortion. Among them, 137 259 (0.20%; 95% CI, 0.19%-0.21%) involved mothers with HCV; these individuals were more often White (77.4%; 95% CI, 76.1%-78.6%), low-income (40.0%; 95% CI, 38.6%-41.5%), and likely to have histories of tobacco (41.7%; 95% CI, 40.6%-42.9%), alcohol (1.8%; 95% CI, 1.6%-2.0%), and opioid (28.9%; 95% CI, 27.3%-30.6%) use compared with HCV-negative mothers. The median age of women with HCV was 28.0 (IQR, 24.3-32.2) years, and the median age of HCV-negative women was 27.2 (IQR, 22.7-31.8) years. The prevalence of HCV-positive pregnancies increased 16-fold during the study period, reaching 5.3 (95% CI, 4.9-5.7) cases per 1000 pregnancies in 2018. Age-specific prevalence increases ranged from 3-fold (age, 41-50 years) to 31-fold (age, 21-30 years). Higher odds of cesarean delivery, preterm labor, poor fetal growth, or fetal distress were associated with HCV-positivity during pregnancy. However, no significant differences were observed in gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, eclampsia, or stillbirths. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cross-sectional study, the prevalence of HCV-positive pregnancies increased markedly, and maternal HCV infection was associated with increased risks for adverse perinatal outcomes. These data may support recent recommendations for universal HCV screening with each pregnancy.
The effects of vitamin D3 on lipogenesis in the liver and adipose tissue of pregnant rats.; Obesity is a worldwide individual and public health issue, and contributes to the development of numerous chronic diseases. In particular, maternal obesity has harmful effects on both the mother and child during and after pregnancy. The digestion and metabolism of food are controlled by endocrine factors, including insulin, glucagon and estrogen. These hormonal factors are differentially regulated during pregnancy due to the specialized hormonal environment during this period. In the present study, we examined the effects of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (VD3), an active hormonal form of nutritional vitamin D3, on lipid metabolism in pregnant rats. The body weight of rats treated with VD3 was significantly reduced compared to that of the rats in the control group. In addition, histological analysis demonstrated that the amount of fat stored in adipocytes was reduced by treatment with VD3. To determine the role of VD3 in lipid metabolism, the expression levels of lipid metabolism‑associated genes were measured in the rat adipose tissue and liver. VD3 negatively regulated the expression of various lipogenic genes, including fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (ACC1), in both the adipose tissue and liver. However, the regulators of lipogenic enzymes such as, sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPAR-γ) and insulin-induced gene 2 (INSIG2) were differentially regulated by VD3 in a tissue‑specific manner. On the whole, these findings suggest that VD3 regulates lipid metabolism and deposition in the liver and adipose tissue, and thereby reduces fat in pregnant animals, as well as body weight. Our results suggest that the alteration of lipogenesis through the administration of VD3 may help to reduce excessive weight gain during pregnancy and prevent obesity‑related pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, hypertension and issues with labor.
Maternal resistance to diet-induced obesity partially protects newborn and post-weaning male mice offspring from metabolic disturbances.; The rising rate of childhood overweight follows the increase in maternal obesity, since perinatal events impact offspring in a diversity of metabolic disorders. Despite many studies that have linked dietary consumption, overnutrition, or maternal obesity as the mediators of fetal metabolic programming, there are gaps regarding the knowledge about the contribution of different maternal phenotypes to the development of metabolic disturbances in offspring. This study aimed to investigate whether maternal high-fat diet (HFD) consumption without the development of the obese phenotype would protect offspring from metabolic disturbances. Female mice were fed standard chow diet or a HFD for 4 weeks before mating. HFD females were classified into obesity-resistant (OR) or obesity-prone (OP), according to weight gain. OP females presented with higher adiposity, fasting serum glucose and insulin, cholesterol and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA). Newborn offspring from OP dams showed higher serum glucose and insulin and alteration in hepatic gene expression that may have contributed to the rise in hepatic fat content and decline of glycogen levels in the liver. Despite offspring from OR and OP females having showed similar growth after the day of delivery, offspring from OP females had higher caloric intake, fasting glucose, serum triglycerides and altered hepatic gene expression, as well as glucose and pyruvate intolerance and lower insulin sensitivity at d28 compared with offspring from OR females. Maternal pre-pregnancy serum glucose, insulin, and NEFA positively correlated with serum glucose and fat liver content and negatively correlated with hepatic glycogen in offspring. In conclusion, our results show that maternal resistance to diet-induced obesity partially protects offspring from early metabolic disturbances.
Bariatric surgery for pediatric extreme obesity: now or later?; Obesity is a multifactorial disease of epidemic and global proportions that poses the most significant threat to the health of our younger generations. Those who are the most extremely affected bear the largest burden of health problems. In the US, extreme obesity affects approximately 9 million adults and 2 million children, and is associated with both immediate health problems and later health risk, including premature mortality. Present medical and behavioral interventions for extreme obesity in adults and children rarely result in the significant, durable weight loss necessary to improve health outcomes, prompting a search for more aggressive measures. Weight loss (bariatric) surgery has been advocated as an intervention for those with extreme obesity. In adults, bariatric surgery results in prolonged weight control and improvement in serious obesity comorbidities, namely type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemias, hypertension and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. A surge in weight loss operations for adolescents has been observed recently, with a threefold increase in case volumes nationwide from 2000 to 2003. Current evidence suggests that after bariatric surgery, adolescents lose significant weight and serious obesity-related medical conditions and psychosocial status are improved. Thus it is reasonable to propose that bariatric surgery performed in the adolescent period may be more effective treatment for childhood-onset extreme obesity than delaying surgery for extremely obese youth until adulthood. This position has been echoed by a number of groups and an independent systematic review. Finally, it is conceivable that bariatric surgery performed in adulthood for childhood onset extreme obesity may not be as effective for comorbidity treatment as surgery performed earlier during adolescence. The purpose of this review is to examine the evidence, which supports early rather than later use of bariatric surgery in the treatment of extreme obesity, and to present this information in light of the medical and surgical risks of bariatric surgery.
Dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model.; PURPOSE: The incidence of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia and hypertension is increasing along with associated morbidities to mother and offspring. The high fructose diet is a well-studied model that induces hyperglycemia and hypertension in male rodents, but may not affect females. We hypothesized that the physiologic stress of pregnancy may alter metabolic responses to dietary fructose. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study female Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into two gestational dietary groups: (1) 60% carbohydrate standard rat chow (Pregnant-S-controls) and (2) 60% fructose enriched chow (Pregnant-F). Body weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin were measured in pregnancy and during the post-partum period. Maternal organ weight and histological changes were also assessed after delivery. RESULTS: By midpregnancy Pregnant-F rats had increased weight, elevated blood pressure, higher fasting glucose, and elevated triglycerides compared with Pregnant-S rats. Both groups demonstrated elevated gestational insulin levels with signs of insulin resistance (increased HOMA-IR). Pregnant-F rats showed significant histopathologic hepatic steatosis and renal tubular changes characterized by tubular dilation and glomerulosclerosis. CONCLUSION: Our study provides a model in which dietary change during pregnancy can be examined. We demonstrate, moreover, that high dietary fructose ingestion in pregnant rats may result in profound systemic and pathologic changes not appreciated during routine pregnancy.
Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptors (PPAR), fatty acids and microRNAs: Implications in women delivering low birth weight babies.; Low birth weight (LBW) babies are associated with neonatal morbidity and mortality and are at increased risk for noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) in later life. However, the molecular determinants of LBW are not well understood. Placental insufficiency/dysfunction is the most frequent etiology for fetal growth restriction resulting in LBW and placental epigenetic processes are suggested to be important regulators of pregnancy outcome. Early life exposures like altered maternal nutrition may have long-lasting effects on the health of the offspring via epigenetic mechanisms like DNA methylation and microRNA (miRNA) regulation. miRNAs have been recognized as major regulators of gene expression and are known to play an important role in placental development. Angiogenesis in the placenta is known to be regulated by transcription factor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) which is activated by ligands such as long-chain-polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA). In vitro studies in different cell types indicate that fatty acids can influence epigenetic mechanisms like miRNA regulation. We hypothesize that maternal fatty acid status may influence the miRNA regulation of PPAR genes in the placenta in women delivering LBW babies. This review provides an overview of miRNAs and their regulation of PPAR gene in the placenta of women delivering LBW babies.Abbreviations: AA - Arachidonic Acid; Ago2 - Argonaute2; ALA - Alpha-Linolenic Acid; ANGPTL4 - Angiopoietin-Like Protein 4; C14MC - Chromosome 14 miRNA Cluster; C19MC - Chromosome 19 miRNA Cluster; CLA - Conjugated Linoleic Acid; CSE - Cystathionine γ-Lyase; DHA - Docosahexaenoic Acid; EFA - Essential Fatty Acids; E2F3 - E2F transcription factor 3; EPA - Eicosapentaenoic Acid; FGFR1 - Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor 1; GDM - Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; hADMSCs - Human Adipose Tissue-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells; hBMSCs - Human Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells; HBV - Hepatitis B Virus; HCC - Hepatocellular Carcinoma; HCPT - Hydroxycamptothecin; HFD - High-Fat Diet; Hmads - Human Multipotent Adipose-Derived Stem; HSCS - Human Hepatic Stellate Cells; IUGR - Intrauterine Growth Restriction; LA - Linoleic Acid; LBW - Low Birth Weight; LCPUFA - Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; MEK1 - Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 1; MiRNA - MicroRNA; mTOR - Mammalian Target of Rapamycin; NCDs - NonCommunicable Diseases; OA - Oleic Acid; PASMC - Pulmonary Artery Smooth Muscle Cell; PLAG1 - Pleiomorphic Adenoma Gene 1; PPAR - Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor; PPARα - PPAR alpha; PPARγ - PPAR gamma; PPARδ - PPAR delta; pre-miRNA - precursor miRNA; RISC - RNA-Induced Silencing Complex; ROS - Reactive Oxygen Species; SAT - Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue; WHO - World Health Organization.
Maternal Diabetes and Postnatal High-Fat Diet on Pregnant Offspring.; Maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming predisposes offspring to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity in adulthood. However, lifelong health and disease trajectories depend on several factors and nutrition is one of the main ones. We intend to understand the role of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming and its association with a high-fat diet during lifelong in the female F1 generation focusing on reproductive outcomes and the possible changes in physiological systems during pregnancy as well as the repercussions on the F2 generation at birth. For this, we composed four groups: F1 female pups from control (OC) or from diabetic dams (OD) and fed with standard (SD) or high-fat diet from weaning to full-term pregnancy. During pregnancy, glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity were evaluated. In a full-term pregnancy, the maternal blood and liver were collected to evaluate redox status markers. The maternal blood, placental tissue, and fetal blood (pool) were collected to evaluate adiponectin and leptin levels. Maternal reproductive parameters were evaluated as well. Maternal diabetes and high-fat diet consumption, in isolation, were both responsible for increased infertility rates and fasting glucose levels in the F1 generation and fetal growth restriction in the F2 generation. The association of both conditions showed, in addition to those, increased lipoperoxidation in maternal erythrocytes, regardless of the increased endogenous antioxidant enzyme activities, glucose intolerance, decreased number of implantation sites and live fetuses, decreased litter, fetal and placental weight, increased preimplantation losses, and increased fetal leptin serum levels. Thus, our findings show that fetal programming caused by maternal diabetes or lifelong high-fat diet consumption leads to similar repercussions in pregnant rats. In addition, the association of both conditions was responsible for glucose intolerance and oxidative stress in the first generation and increased fetal leptin levels in the second generation. Thus, our findings show both the F1 and F2 generations harmed health after maternal hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and exposure to a high-fat diet from weaning until the end of pregnancy.
Early-life physical activity reverses metabolic and Foxo1 epigenetic misregulation induced by gestational sleep disturbance.; Sleep disorders are highly prevalent during late pregnancy and can impose adverse effects, such as preeclampsia and diabetes. However, the consequences of sleep fragmentation (SF) on offspring metabolism and epigenomic signatures are unclear. We report that physical activity during early life, but not later, reversed the increased body weight, altered glucose and lipid homeostasis, and increased visceral adipose tissue in offspring of mice subjected to gestational SF (SFo). The reversibility of this phenotype may reflect epigenetic mechanisms induced by SF during gestation. Accordingly, we found that the metabolic master switch Foxo1 was epigenetically misregulated in SFo livers in a temporally regulated fashion. Temporal Foxo1 analysis and its gluconeogenetic targets revealed that the epigenetic abnormalities of Foxo1 precede the metabolic syndrome phenotype. Importantly, regular physical activity early, but not later in life, reversed Foxo1 epigenetic misregulation and altered the metabolic phenotype in gestationally SF-exposed offspring. Thus, we have identified a restricted postnatal period during which lifestyle interventions may reverse the Foxo1 epigenetically mediated risk for metabolic dysfunction later in the life, as induced by gestational sleep disorders.
Maternal betaine supplementation affects fetal growth and lipid metabolism of high-fat fed mice in a temporal-specific manner.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Maternal obesity increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which results in fetal overgrowth and long-lasting metabolic dysfunctioning in the offspring. Previous studies show that maternal choline supplementation normalizes fetal growth and adiposity of progeny from obese mice. This study examines whether supplementation of betaine, a choline derivative, has positive effects on fetal metabolic outcomes in mouse progeny exposed to maternal obesity and GDM. METHODS: C57BL/6J mice were fed either a high-fat (HF) diet or a control (normal-fat, NF) diet and received either 1% betaine (BS) or control untreated (BC) drinking water 4-6 weeks before timed-mating and throughout gestation. Maternal, placental, and fetal samples were collected for metabolite and gene-expression assays. RESULTS: At E12.5, BS prevented fetal and placental overgrowth and downregulated glucose and fatty acid transporters (Glut1 and Fatp1) and the growth-promoting insulin-like growth factor 2 (Igf2) and its receptor Igf1r in the placenta of HF, glucose-intolerant dams (P < 0.05). However, these effects disappeared at E17.5. At E17.5, BS reduced fetal adiposity and prevented liver triglyceride overaccumulation in HF versus NF fetuses (P < 0.05). BS fetal livers had enhanced mRNA expression of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (Mttp) (P < 0.01), which promotes VLDL synthesis and secretion. Although we previously reported that maternal choline supplementation downregulated mRNA expression of genes involved in de novo lipogenesis in fetal livers, such alterations were not observed with BS, suggesting differential effects of betaine and choline on fetal gene expression. CONCLUSION: We propose a temporal-specific mechanism by which maternal BS influences fetal growth and lipid metabolic outcomes of HF mice during prenatal development.
Maternal exercise alters rat fetoplacental stress response: Minimal effects of maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal growth restriction complicates 10% of pregnancies and increases offspring (F1) risk of metabolic disorders, including obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This disease predisposition can be passed onto the next generation (F2). Importantly, the risk of pregnancy complications in obese women can be exacerbated by a stressful pregnancy. Exercise can reduce adiposity and improve health outcomes in obese women and those with GDM. This study investigated the impacts of maternal growth restriction, obesity, exercise, and stress on fetal and placental endocrine function. METHODS: Uteroplacental insufficiency (Restricted) or sham (Control) surgery was induced on embryonic day (E) 18 in F0 Wistar-Kyoto rats. F1 offspring were fed a Chow or High-fat (HFD) diet from weaning and, at 16 weeks, were randomly allocated an exercise protocol; Sedentary, Exercised prior to and during pregnancy (Exercise), or Exercised only during pregnancy (PregEx). Females were mated and further randomly allocated to either undergo (Stress), or not undergo (Unstressed), physiological measurements during pregnancy. On E20, F2 fetal plasma (steroid hormones), tissues (brain, liver), and placentae (morphology, stress genes) were collected. RESULTS: Maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding had minimal impact on fetoplacental endocrine function. PregEx and Exercise increased cross-sectional labyrinth and junctional zone areas. PregEx, but not Exercise, increased fetal deoxycorticosterone concentrations and reduced placental Hsd11b2 and Nr3c2 gene abundance. Maternal stress increased fetal corticosterone concentrations in Sedentary HFD dams and increased placental cross-sectional areas in PregEx mothers. DISCUSSION: PregEx and Stress independently dysregulates the endocrine status of the developing fetus, which may program future disease.
[HBV infection and pregnancy].; Diagnosis of HBV infection among pregnant women is necessary for the child protection against infection with this virus as well as further diagnosis and therapy of the mother. HBV infection may affect the increased incidence of early deliveries, lower Apgar scores in newborns as well as a greater risk of developing diabetes or antenatal haemorrhage in pregnancy. On the other hand, increased concentrations of adrenal corticosteroids and estrogens during pregnancy may be responsible for increase of HBV viral load. The risk of infection to the unborn fetus is minimal, but it increases when childbirth is carried in the natural way. The risk is particularly high among mothers with high viral load and present HBe antigen. In order to protect the fetus from infection it is recommended to complete pregnancy by cesarean section, and additionally provide active-passive prophylaxis immediately after childbirth. None of the antiviral drugs used in the treatment of HBV is authorized by the FDA for use in pregnant women. However, data collected on some of these drugs administered in the past to HIV and HBV-infected females which during pregnancy became pregnant, demonstrated frequency of congenital defects on the level similar to general population of newborns in Poland. Concluding, pregnancy in females with high HBV viral load and advanced liver disease should be preceded if possible by an antiviral treatment, because of the high rate of complications. Women with low viral load and slight liver damage, can be treated after birth, but appropriate newborn prophylaxis against HBV infection should be provided immediately.
An update on thyroid disorders in the postpartum period.; PURPOSE: To review the pathophysiology, diagnosis and management of postpartum thyroid dysfunction, and related management of thyroid disorders during lactation. METHODS: We reviewed the literature on postpartum thyroid dysfunction and management of thyroid disorders during lactation. RESULTS: The postpartum period is characterized by a rebound from the immunotolerance induced by pregnancy. Routine thyroid function screening is not recommended for asymptomatic women in the postpartum period. Testing thyroid function should be considered at 6-12-week postpartum for high-risk populations, including women with a previous episode of postpartum thyroiditis, Graves' disease, or those with Hashimoto's thyroiditis on thyroid hormone replacement, known thyroid peroxidase antibody positivity, type 1 diabetes mellitus, other nonthyroidal autoimmune disease, or chronic hepatitis C. A serum TSH should also be checked in the setting of postpartum depression or difficulty lactating. If patients have thyrotoxicosis, new-onset or recurrent Graves' disease must be differentiated from postpartum thyroiditis, because the management differs. Periodic thyroid function testing is recommended following recovery from postpartum thyroiditis due to high lifetime risk of developing permanent hypothyroidism. Levothyroxine, and the lowest effective dose of antithyroid drugs, (propylthiouracil, methimazole, and carbimazole) can be safely used in lactating women. The use of radiopharmaceutical scanning is avoided during lactation and radioactive iodine treatment is contraindicated. CONCLUSIONS: Diagnosing postpartum thyroid dysfunction is challenging, because symptoms may be subtle. A team approach involving primary care providers, endocrinologists, and obstetricians is essential for transitioning thyroid care from the gestational to the postpartum setting.
Propylthiouracil hepatitis: report of a case and extensive review of the literature.; Antithyroid drugs (ATDs) have been widely and effectively used for the treatment of pediatric and adult thyrotoxicosis for more than a half century. Since the very beginning of ATD use, reports of hepatic dysfunction related to propylthiouracil (PTU) therapy have been published. We describe a case of a 12-year-old girl, who, after 4 weeks of therapy for Graves disease (GD) with PTU (300 mg/day at 100 mg given three times a day), developed fatigue, fever, diarrhea, nausea, and vomiting. The initial diagnosis was "viral gastrointestinal infection". Few days after the initiation of her symptoms, the patient developed jaundice, hepatic tenderness, and dark urine. She was admitted to the hospital where, after an extensive investigation, it was found that serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (SGOT) and serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase (SGPT) were elevated (2312 and 1435 IU/L, respectively), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) was 171 IU/L and total bilirubin was 12.7 mg/dL, whereas direct bilirubin was 7.6 mg/dL and prothrombin time was 23.2 s (normal ratio, < 14.5 s). Serology for hepatitis A and B was negative. The diagnosis of PTU-induced hepatitis was established. PTU was discontinued, and a treatment with prednisone (50 mg/day) and vitamin K was initiated. Four weeks after admission, her hepatic tests returned to normal. We searched the English literature and we present details of all cases with PTU-related hepatic toxicity in children and adolescents published so far. Also, we provide information regarding the mechanisms and treatment of this appalling clinical entity. Finally, after recent recommendations from American Thyroid Association (ATA) and European Thyroid Association (ETA), PTU should be administered only in the first trimester of pregnancy and in cases of drug allergy to methimazole.
Maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation affects hepatic lipid metabolism in early life of offspring rat.; We investigated whether maternal over-nutrition during pregnancy and lactation affects the offspring's lipid metabolism at weaning by assessing liver lipid metabolic gene expressions and analysing its mechanisms on the development of metabolic abnormalities. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with standard chow diet (CON) or high-fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks, and then continued feeding during gestation and lactation. The offspring whose dams were fed with HFD had a lower birth weight but an increased body weight with impaired glucose tolerance, higher serum cholesterol, and hepatic steatosis at weaning. Microarray analyses showed that there were 120 genes differently expressed between the two groups. We further verified the results by qRT-PCR. Significant increase of the lipogenesis (Me1, Scd1) gene expression was found in HFD (P less than 0.05), and up-regulated expression of genes (PPAR-alpha, Cpt1 alpha, Ehhadh) involved in beta-oxidation was also observed (P less than 0.05), but the Acsl3 gene was down-regulated (P less than 0.05). Maternal over-nutrition could not only primarily induce lipogenesis, but also promote lipolysis through an oxidation pathway as compensation, eventually leading to an increased body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, elevated serum cholesterol and hepatic steatosis at weaning. This finding may provide some evidence for a healthy maternal diet in order to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases in the early life of the offspring.
Long-term Management of the Adult Liver Transplantation Recipients.; The survival of liver transplantation (LT) recipients has been improved remarkably in short-term. The major causes of mortality in long-term include nonimmunological causes such as cardiovascular, de novo malignancy, chronic kidney disease, and recurrence of primary disease. Rejection-related mortality is rare in the long-term after LT. We discuss nonrejection causes of long-term morbidity/mortality, risk factors, and management strategies in LT recipients. In addition, we discuss osteoporosis, contraception, and pregnancy in LT recipients.
Subclinical First Trimester Renal Abnormalities Are Associated With Preeclampsia in Normoalbuminuric Women With Type 1 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to determine the utility of tubular (urinary/plasma neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin [NGAL] and urinary kidney injury molecule 1 [KIM-1]) and glomerular (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR]) biomarkers in predicting preeclampsia (PE) in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) who were free of microalbuminuria and hypertension at the first trimester. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a prospective study of T1DM pregnancy. Maternal urinary and plasma NGAL, urinary KIM-1 (ELISA of frozen samples), and eGFR (Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration equation) were determined at three study visits (V1: 12.4 ± 1.8; V2: 21.7 ± 1.4; V3: 31.4 ± 1.5 weeks' gestation [mean ± SD]) in 23 women with T1DM with subsequent PE (DM+PE+), 24 who remained normotensive (DM+PE-), and, for reference, in 19 normotensive pregnant women without diabetes (DM-). The groups with diabetes were matched for age, diabetes duration, and parity. All subjects were normotensive and free of microalbuminuria or albuminuria at V1. All study visits preceded the onset of PE. RESULTS: Urinary creatinine-corrected NGAL (uNGALcc, ng/mg) was significantly elevated at V1 in DM+PE+ vs. DM+PE- women (P = 0.01); this remained significant after exclusion of leukocyte-positive samples (5 DM+PE+ and 2 DM+PE-) (P = 0.02). Accounting for BMI, HbA(1c), and total daily insulin dose, a doubling of uNGALcc at V1 conferred a sevenfold increase in risk for PE (P = 0.026). In contrast, neither plasma NGAL nor urinary KIM-1 predicted PE. Also at V1, eGFR was elevated in DM+PE+ vs. DM+PE- (P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Early tubular and glomerular dysfunction may predict PE in first trimester women with T1DM, even if free of microalbuminuria. These data suggest that subclinical renal tubular and glomerular injury, if present early in pregnancy, may predispose women with T1DM to PE.
Fertility and pregnancy in thalassemia major.; Over the last 15 years, 22 women with thalassemia major have completed 29 pregnancies at the Royal Hospital in London. The major pre-pregnancy issues, medications, and pregnancy care are reviewed. Experience suggests that, with proper care and guidance, pregnancies among women with thalassemia major are practical and can have successful outcomes.
Higher maternal gestational glucose concentration is associated with lower offspring insulin sensitivity and altered beta-cell function.; CONTEXT: Intrauterine exposure to elevated glucose concentrations may be a mediating factor in prenatal programming of offspring diabetes risk. However, studies examining the effects of maternal glucose concentration on measures of insulin sensitivity and β-cell response in prepubertal children are limited. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that maternal gestational glucose concentration would be inversely associated with children's insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity and positively associated with children's β-cell response independent of adiposity and insulin sensitivity. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a cross-sectional study of 21 children aged 5-10 yr in a clinical research setting. OUTCOMES MEASURED: Children's insulin sensitivity index and basal, static, dynamic, and total β-cell response to glucose were determined by mathematical modeling using insulin, glucose, and C-peptide values after a liquid meal tolerance test. Children's percent body fat was determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Maternal gestational glucose concentration for the target pregnancy was determined after a 50-g, 1-h oral glucose challenge test at 24-28 wk gestation. RESULTS: Maternal glucose concentration was significantly, inversely associated with children's insulin sensitivity, independent of percent fat and ethnicity (P <0.05). A significant, positive association was observed for maternal glucose concentration with static β-cell response, independent of percent fat and insulin sensitivity (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal gestational glucose concentration was significantly associated with offspring insulin sensitivity and β-cell response independent of adiposity. These results suggest that maternal glucose may program the fetus both at the pancreas and at the level of insulin target tissues such as skeletal muscle and liver.
Safety of lamivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy.; AIM: To evaluate the safety of lamivudine (LAM) treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women who received LAM treatment either before pregnancy or in early pregnancy were enrolled in this study. All of the pregnant women volunteered to take lamivudine during pregnancy and were not co-infected with hepatitis C virus, human immunodeﬁciency virus, cytomegalovirus, or other viruses. All infants received passive-active immunoprophylaxis with 200 IU hepatitis B immunoglobulin and three doses of 10 μg hepatitis B vaccines (0-1-6 mo) according to the guidelines for the prevention and treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Adverse events were observed throughout the entire pregnancy and perinatal period, and the effectiveness of lamivudine treatment for blocking mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV) was evaluated. All adverse events in mothers and infants during pregnancy and the perinatal period and the HBV mother-to-infant transmission blocking rate were compared with the literature. RESULTS: Among the 92 pregnant women, spontaneous abortions occurred in 11 cases, while 3 mothers had a second pregnancy after the initial abortion; 72 mothers delivered 73 live infants, of whom 68 infants were followed up for no less than 6 mo, and 12 mothers were still pregnant. During pregnancy, the main maternal adverse events were vaginitis (12/72, 16.7%), spontaneous abortion (11/95, 11.6%), and gestational diabetes (6/72, 8.3%); only one case had 1-2 degree elevation of the creatine kinase level (195 U/L). During the perinatal period, the main maternal adverse events were premature rupture of the membranes (8/72, 11.1%), preterm delivery (5/72, 6.9%), and meconium staining of the amniotic fluid (4/72, 5.6%). In addition, 2 infants were found to have congenital abnormalities; 1 had a scalp hemangioma that did not change in size until 7 mo, and the other had early cerebral palsy, but with rehabilitation training, the infant's motor functions became totally normal at 2 years of age. The incidence of adverse events among the mothers or abnormalities in the infants was not higher than that of normal mothers or HBV-infected mothers who did not receive lamivudine treatment. In only 2 cases, mother-to-infant transmission blocking failed; the blocking rate was 97.1% (66/68), which was higher than has been previously reported. CONCLUSION: Lamivudine treatment is safe for chronic HBV-infected pregnant mothers and their fetuses with a gestational age of less than 12 wk or throughout the entire pregnancy.
Thiazolidinediones -- some recent developments.; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and beta-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on beta-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary, with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of beta-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Nuclear receptor variants in liver disease.; This snapshot reviews the current state of knowledge on genetic variants of nuclear receptors (NRs) involved in regulating various aspects of liver metabolism. Interindividual differences in responses to diet and other 'in-' and environmental stressors can be caused by variants in components of the NR regulatory gene network. We recapitulate recent evidence for the application of NRs in genetic diagnosis of monogenic liver disease. Genetic analysis of multifactorial liver diseases, such as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and diabetes mellitus, pinpoints key players in disease predisposition and progression. In particular, NR1H4 variants have been associated with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and gallstone disease. Other examples include studies of NR1I2 and NR1I3 polymorphisms in patients with drug-induced liver injury and NR5A2 variation in cholangiocarcinoma. Associations of NR gene variants have been identified in patients with dyslipidemia and other metabolic syndrome-associated traits by genome-wide studies. Evidence from these analyses confirms a role for NR variation in common diseases, linking regulatory networks to complex and variable phenotypes. These new insights into the impact of NR variants offer perspectives for their future use in diagnosis and treatment of common diseases.
Maternal hypertriglyceridemia during late pregnancy does not affect the increase in circulating triglycerides caused by the long-term consumption of a sucrose-rich diet by rats.; Feeding a sucrose-rich diet (SRD) during pregnancy enhances maternal hypertriglyceridemia. The goal of this study was to investigate whether this effect is modified when pregnancy is initiated in rats at different times during feeding of a SRD (63 g sucrose/100 g). One group of rats was fed the SRD; another group received the same diet except that the sucrose was replaced by an equal amount of cornstarch. At different times during the feeding of the diets, i.e., 5, 45 or 90 d, half of the rats were mated; after serial tail blood collections, rats were studied at d 20 of pregnancy. Virgin rats fed the same diets were always studied in parallel. Plasma triglycerides increased progressively in virgin rats fed the SRD from d 1 to 35, declined thereafter up to d 50, increased again to attain the highest level at d 65-70, partially declined at d 100 and increased again at d 110. During late pregnancy, rats fed the control diet (CD) always had greater plasma triglyceride concentrations than virgin rats, whereas triglyceride levels did not differ between pregnant and virgin rats fed the SRD. These intergroup differences were similar to those seen for plasma VLDL-triglycerides. The liver triglyceride concentration in virgin rats fed the SRD was always significantly higher than that of rats fed the CD, whereas it did not differ in pregnant rats fed the SRD for either 25 or 65 d from those fed the CD. However, in those fed the SRD for 110 d, values were higher than in either pregnant or virgin rats fed the CD. We propose that the known capability of the liver to enhance triglyceride secretion during pregnancy protects dams from developing a fatty liver when fed a SRD for short periods of time, although not for long-term treatments.
A maternal low protein diet has pronounced effects on mitochondrial gene expression in offspring liver and skeletal muscle; protective effect of taurine.; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight is associated with an increased risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance, and eventually type 2 diabetes in adult life. Gestational protein restriction in rodents gives rise to a low birth weight phenotype in the offspring. RESULTS: We examined gene expression changes in liver and skeletal muscle of mice subjected to gestational protein restriction (LP) or not (NP), with or without taurine supplementation in the drinking water. LP offspring had a 40% lower birth weight than NP offspring, with taurine preventing half the decrease. Microarray gene expression analysis of newborn mice revealed significant changes in 2012 genes in liver and 967 genes in skeletal muscle of LP offspring. Taurine prevented 30% and 46% of these expression changes, respectively. Mitochondrial genes, especially those involved with oxidative phosphorylation, were more abundantly changed than other genes. The mitochondrial genes were mainly upregulated in liver, but downregulated in skeletal muscle, despite no change in citrate synthase activity in either tissue. Taurine preferentially rescued genes concerned with fatty acid metabolism in liver and with oxidative phosphorylation and TCA cycle in skeletal muscle. A mitochondrial signature was seen in the liver of NP offspring with taurine supplementation, as gene sets for mitochondrial ribosome as well as lipid metabolism were over represented in 4-week-old offspring subjected to gestational taurine supplementation. Likewise, 11 mitochondrial genes were significantly upregulated by gestational taurine supplementation in 4-week-old NP offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational protein restriction resulted in lower birth weight associated with significant gene expression changes, which was different in liver and muscle of offspring. However, a major part of the birth weight decrease and the expression changes were prevented by maternal taurine supplementation, implying taurine is a key factor in determining expression patterns during development and in that respect also an important component in metabolic fetal programming.
[Molecular mechanisms of action and health benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids].; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), linoleic acid n6 (LA) and linolenic acid (ALA) n3 obtained from the diet are precursors of the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (Lc-PUFAs) arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) respectively. Consumption of PUFAs is related with a better neurological and cognitive development in newborns. It has been demonstrated that consumption of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs decreases blood triglycerides by increasing fatty acid oxidation through activation of PPARalpha or by reducing the activation of SREBP-1 inhibiting lipogenesis. Dietary PUFAs activate PPARalpha and PPARgamma increasing lipid oxidation, and decreasing insulin resistance leading in a reduction of hepatic steatosis. Beneficial effects of PUFAs have been observed in humans and in animals models of diabetes, obesity, cancer, and cardiovascular diseases. It is important to promote the consumption of PUFAs. Main food sources of PUFAs n-6 are corn, soy and safflower oil, and for PUFAs n-3 are fish, soy, canola oil and, flaxseed. Finally FAO/WHO recommends an optimal daily intake of n6/n3 of 5-10:1.
Association between perinatal factors and hypospadias in newborns: a retrospective case-control study of 42,244 male infants.; BACKGROUND: Hypospadias is one of the most common male congenital malformations worldwide. It is characterised by the abnormal positioning of the opening of urethra, and may lead to problems with urination and sexual function. Various factors were suggested to contribute to hypospadias pathogen. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between perinatal factors and neonatal hypospadias based on a large sample of male newborns. METHODS: This retrospective case-control study was conducted at the International Peace Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine. Male infants with hypospadias (N = 97) and without any birth defects (N = 42,147) who were born in January 2015 to December 2019 were enrolled in this study. A statistical analysis of perinatal factors, such as maternal age, primiparity, multiple births, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), diabetes mellitus (DM), placenta previa, thyroid diseases, hepatitis B, obesity, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, gestational age, low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA) and in vitro fertilization (IVF) was used to assess the risk factors for hypospadias. RESULTS: The overall incidence of hypospadias in male infants was 0.23% (97/42,244). The univariate analysis of potential risk factors for hypospadias showed that HDP, primiparity, multiple births, hyperthyroidism, preterm delivery, LBW and SGA had a statistical association with hypospadias. After adjusting for potential confounders in a multivariate regression analysis, the odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for the following risk factors for hypospadias: HDP (OR: 3.965, 95% CI: 2.473-6.359, P <  0.01), multiple births (OR: 2.607, 95% CI: 1.505-4. 514, P <  0.01) and hyperthyroidism (OR:4.792, 95% CI: 1.700-13.506, P <  0.01), which suggested these factors were significant independent risk factors for hypospadias. CONCLUSIONS: Perinatal factors, such as HDP, multiple births and hyperthyroidism may be associated with hypospadias in male infants.
NAFLD in women: Unique pathways, biomarkers and therapeutic opportunities.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: In this review article we evaluate sex differences in the natural history of NAFLD and highlight distinct risk profiles of women with NAFLD, as well as unique treatment considerations and research gaps. SUMMARY OF FINDINGS: Reproductive factors, such as menopausal status should be considered when evaluating NAFLD risk in women, as well as additional reproductive risk factors such as age at menarche, presence of polycystic ovary syndrome, and gestational diabetes. Women do appear to have lower risk for hepatocellular carcinoma from NASH, as well as lower mortality from NASH cirrhosis than men, although among women, NASH is now the leading indication for liver transplant. Data on sex differences in biomarker development and clinical trials are lacking, and researchers should be encouraged to evaluate biomarker performance by sex, and specifically report clinical trial endpoints in women.
New Onset Diabetes Mellitus Complicated by Hypertriglyceridemia-Induced Pancreatitis.; There is an increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) among adolescents due to obesity. Diabetes can cause hypertriglyceridemia, defined as triglyceride (TG) levels above 150 mg/dl, leading to severe complications, including cardiovascular events, fatty liver disease, and acute pancreatitis. We present a case of acute pancreatitis manifested by both hypertriglyceridemia and new-onset DM. The risk of hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis (HTGP) significantly increases at triglyceride levels above 500 mg/dl. Both primary causes, including genetic disorders such as familial chylomicronemia, and secondary disorders of lipid metabolism, including diabetes, hypothyroidism, and pregnancy, could cause HTGP. The toxic levels of triglycerides that break into free fatty acids by pancreatic lipases are critical in pancreatitis pathogenesis. The lipotoxicity, in turn, causes systemic inflammation with further complications related to it. The clinical features of HTGP are similar to other pancreatitis causes, including abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. Usually, patients with HTGP tend to have worse outcomes compared to other causes. Due to too high levels of triglycerides, the serum becomes milky and causes an alteration in serum electrolytes levels, including pseudo-hyponatremia. The recommended treatment for HTGP is plasma apheresis as well as IV insulin infusion, and heparin, specifically for less worrisome patients. IV insulin potentially avoids the interventional complexities of apheresis. The usual treatment goal is to reduce the triglycerides to a safe level, and then further management is tailored to lifestyle modification and oral lipid reducing agents. Our case report explains how well insulin works in stable patients with severe pancreatitis and thus prevents associated morbidity and mortality.
Mid-gestation low-dose LPS administration results in female-specific excessive weight gain upon a western style diet in mouse offspring.; Gestational complications, including preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, have long-term adverse consequences for offspring's metabolic and cardiovascular health. A low-grade systemic inflammatory response is likely mediating this. Here, we examine the consequences of LPS-induced gestational inflammation on offspring's health in adulthood. LPS was administered to pregnant C57Bl/6J mice on gestational day 10.5. Maternal plasma metabolomics showed oxidative stress, remaining for at least 5 days after LPS administration, likely mediating the consequences for the offspring. From weaning on, all offspring was fed a control diet; from 12 to 24 weeks of age, half of the offspring received a western-style diet (WSD). The combination of LPS-exposure and WSD resulted in hyperphagia and increased body weight and body fat mass in the female offspring. This was accompanied by changes in glucose tolerance, leptin and insulin levels and gene expression in liver and adipose tissue. In the hypothalamus, expression of genes involved in food intake regulation was slightly changed. We speculate that altered food intake behaviour is a result of dysregulation of hypothalamic signalling. Our results add to understanding of how maternal inflammation can mediate long-term health consequences for the offspring. This is relevant to many gestational complications with a pro-inflammatory reaction in place.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy.; The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.
Sex-dependent programming of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in mouse offspring by maternal protein restriction.; BACKGROUND: Nutritional conditions during fetal life influence the risk of the development of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases in adult life (metabolic programming). Impaired glucose tolerance and dysregulated fatty acid metabolism are hallmarks of metabolic syndrome. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to establish a mouse model of metabolic programming focusing on the sex-specific effects of a maternal low-protein diet during gestation on glucose and lipid metabolism in the adult offspring. METHODS: Pregnant C57BL/6 mice received a control or a low-protein diet (18% vs 9% casein) throughout gestation. Male and female offspring received a low-fat or a high-fat diet from 6 to 22 weeks of age. RESULTS: Maternal low-protein diet during gestation led to deteriorated insulin sensitivity on high-fat feeding in female offspring, as determined by biochemical and microarray analyses. Female offspring of control diet-fed dams were relatively resistant to high-fat diet-induced metabolic dysregulation. In contrast, maternal low-protein diet did not specifically affect the metabolic parameters addressed in male offspring. In males, the high-fat diet led to insulin insensitivity regardless of the diet of the dam. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that fetal malnutrition has a limited impact on male mouse offspring, yet it does influence the metabolic response to a high-fat diet in females. These findings may have implications for future early diagnostics in metabolic syndrome and for the development of sex-specific treatment regimens.
Effects of identical weight loss on body composition and features of insulin resistance in obese women with high and low liver fat content.; Our objective was to determine how 8% weight loss influences subcutaneous, intra-abdominal, and liver fat (LFAT), as well as features of insulin resistance, in obese women with high versus low LFAT. A total of 23 women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into groups of high (9.4 +/- 1.4%) and low (3.3 +/- 0.4%) LFAT based on their median LFAT (5%) measured with proton spectroscopy. Both groups were similar with respect to age, BMI, and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Before weight loss, women with high LFAT had higher fasting serum insulin and triglyceride concentrations than women with low LFAT. At baseline, LFAT correlated with the percent of fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and saturated fat (r = 0.45, P < 0.05) of total caloric intake but not intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat or fasting serum free fatty acids. Weight loss was similar between the groups (high LFAT -7.4 +/- 0.2 vs. low LFAT -7.7 +/- 0.3 kg). LFAT decreased from 9.4 +/- 1.4 to 4.8 +/- 0.7% (P < 0.001) in women with high LFAT and from 3.3 +/- 0.4 to 2.0 +/- 0.2% (P < 0.001) in women with low LFAT. The absolute decrease in LFAT was significantly higher in women with high than low LFAT (-4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. -1.3 +/- 0.3%, P < 0.005). The decrease in LFAT was closely correlated with baseline LFAT (r = -0.85, P < 0.001) but not with changes in the volumes of intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat depots, which decreased similarly in both groups. LFAT appears to be related to the amount of fat in the diet rather than the size of endogenous fat depots in obese women. Women with initially high LFAT lost more LFAT by similar weight loss than those with low LFAT, although both groups lost similar amounts of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat. These data suggest that LFAT is regulated by factors other than intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Therefore, LFAT does not appear to simply reflect the size of endogenous fat stores.
Vertical hepatitis C virus transmission: Main questions and answers.; Hepatitis C virus (HCV) affects about 3% of the world's population and peaks in subjects aged over 40 years. Its prevalence in pregnant women is low (1%-2%) in most western countries but drastically increases in women in developing countries or with high risk behaviors for blood-transmitted infections. Here we review clinical, prognostic and therapeutic aspects of HCV infection in pregnant women and their offspring infected through vertical transmission. Pregnancy-related immune weakness does not seem to affect the course of acute hepatitis C but can affect the progression of chronic hepatitis C. In fact, postpartum immune restoration can exacerbate hepatic inflammation, thereby worsening the liver disease, particularly in patients with liver cirrhosis. HCV infection increases the risk of gestational diabetes in patients with excessive weight gain, premature rupture of membrane and caesarean delivery. Only 3%-5% of infants born to HCV-positive mothers have been infected by intrauterine or perinatal transmission. Maternal viral load, human immunodeficiency virus coinfection, prolonged rupture of membranes, fetal exposure to maternal infected blood consequent to vaginal or perineal lacerations and invasive monitoring of fetus increase the risk of viral transmission. Cesarean delivery and breastfeeding increases the transmission risk in HCV/human immunodeficiency virus coinfected women. The consensus is not to offer antiviral therapy to HCV-infected pregnant women because it is based on ribavirin (pregnancy category X) because of its embryocidal and teratogenic effects in animal species. In vertically infected children, chronic C hepatitis is often associated with minimal or mild liver disease and progression to liver cirrhosis and hepatocarcinoma is lower than in adults. Infected children may be treated after the second year of life, given the adverse effects of current antiviral agents.
The Yield of Abdominal Ultrasound in the Evaluation of Elevated Liver Enzymes during the Second and the Third Trimester of Pregnancy.; AIMS: To determine the clinical yield of abdominal ultrasound in the evaluation of elevated liver enzymes (ELEs) in the second and the third trimester of pregnancy. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study including all pregnant women admitted to a single tertiary care center was conducted between April 2011 and January 2015 with ELE. Inclusion criteria included gestational age above 24 weeks and ELEs, abdominal ultrasound report, and live fetus. Exclusion criteria included known maternal liver disease, structural or chromosomal fetal anomalies, and positive serology for viral hepatitis. All patients underwent abdominal ultrasound. A significant finding of this study led to a change in treatment. RESULTS: One hundred and twenty patients (41.8%) met inclusion criteria: 93 (77.5%) had a normal scan and 27 (22.5%) had abnormal findings. Significant ultrasound findings were found only in 2 (1.6%) patients: gallstones in the common bile duct and suspected autoimmune hepatitis. There were no significant differences between patients with and without ultrasound findings in the rate of cholestasis of pregnancy, preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, and gestation diabetes. CONCLUSION: Abdominal ultrasound examination in this population has a low clinical yield. The decision to perform an abdominal ultrasound must be individualized based on the obstetric history, clinical findings, and the level of liver enzymes.
Hyperketonemia GWAS and parity-dependent SNP associations in Holstein dairy cows intensively sampled for blood β-hydroxybutyrate concentration.; Hyperketonemia (HYK) is a metabolic disorder that affects early postpartum dairy cows; however, there has been limited success in identifying genomic variants contributing to HYK susceptibility. We conducted a genome-wide association study (GWAS) using HYK phenotypes based on an intensive screening protocol, interrogated genotype interactions with parity group (GWIS), and evaluated the enrichment of annotated metabolic pathways. Holstein cows were enrolled into the experiment after parturition, and blood samples were collected at four timepoints between 5 and 18 days postpartum. Concentration of blood β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) was quantified cow-side via a handheld BHB meter. Cows were labeled as a HYK case when at least one blood sample had BHB ≥ 1.2 mmol/L, and all other cows were considered non-HYK controls. After quality control procedures, 1,710 cows and 58,699 genotypes were available for further analysis. The GWAS and GWIS were performed using the forward feature select linear mixed model method. There was evidence for an association between ARS-BFGL-NGS-91238 and HYK susceptibility, as well as parity-dependent associations to HYK for BovineHD0600024247 and BovineHD1400023753. Candidate genes annotated to these single nuclear polymorphism associations have been previously associated with obesity, diabetes, insulin resistance, and fatty liver in humans and rodent models. Enrichment analysis revealed focal adhesion and axon guidance as metabolic pathways contributing to HYK etiology, while genetic variation in pathways related to insulin secretion and sensitivity may affect HYK susceptibility in a parity-dependent matter. In conclusion, the present work proposes several novel marker associations and metabolic pathways contributing to genetic risk for HYK susceptibility.
Premature ovarian senescence and a high miscarriage rate impair fertility in women with HCV.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Premenopausal women who are HCV positive (HCV+) have failing ovarian function, which is likely to impact their fertility. Thus, we investigated the reproductive history, risk of infertility, and pregnancy outcomes in women of childbearing age who were HCV+. METHODS: Three different groups were studied: (1) Clinical cohort: 100 women who were HCV+ and also had chronic liver disease (CLD), age matched with 50 women who were HBV+ with CLD and with 100 healthy women; all women were consecutively observed in three gastroenterology units in hospitals in Italy; (2) 1,998 women who were HCV+ and enrolled in the Italian Platform for the Study of Viral Hepatitis Therapies (PITER); (3) 6,085 women, who were mono-infected with HCV, and 20,415 women, who were HCV-, from a large de-identified insurance database from the USA. MEASUREMENTS: total fertility rate (TFR) defined as the average number of children that a woman would bear during her lifetime. To define the reproductive stage of each participant, levels of anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and 17β-estradiol were measured. RESULTS: Clinical cohort: women who were either HCV+ or HBV+ had similar CLD severity and age at first pregnancy. Based on a multivariate analysis, women who were HCV+ had a higher risk of miscarriage than those who were HBV+ (odds ratio [OR] 6,905; 95% CI 1.771-26.926). Among women who were HCV+, incidence of miscarriage was correlated with median AMH level (1.0 ng/ml). Achieving a sustained virologic response (SVR) after antiviral treatment reduced the risk of miscarriage (OR 0.255; 95% CI 0.090-0.723). In the PITER-HCV cohort, miscarriage occurred in 42.0% of women (44.6% had multiple miscarriages). TFR for women who were HCV+ and between 15 and 49 years of age was 0.7 vs. 1.37 of Italian population of the same age range. In the US cohort: compared with women who were HCV-, women who were HCV+ positive were significantly more likely to have infertility (OR 2.439; 95% CI 2.130-2.794), premature birth (OR 1.34; 95% CI 1.060-1.690), gestational diabetes (OR 1.24; 95% CI 1.020-1.510), and pre-eclampsia (OR 1.206; 95% CI 0.935-1.556), and were less likely to have a live birth (OR 0.754; 95% CI 0.622-0.913). CONCLUSIONS: Ovarian senescence in women of childbearing age who are HCV+ is associated with a lower chance of live birth, greater risk of infertility, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and miscarriage. Such risks could be positively influenced by successful HCV cure. LAY SUMMARY: Most new cases of HCV infection are among people who inject drugs, many of whom are young women in their childbearing years. Women of reproductive age who are HCV+ display markers of ovarian senescence. This is associated with an increased burden in terms of infertility and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including stillbirth, miscarriage, fewer live births, and gestational diabetes. Early viral suppression with therapy is likely to mitigate these risks.
Medical problems occurring after orthotopic liver transplantation.; Liver transplantation is complicated by specific medical problems. Diabetes mellitus occurs in 4-20% of patients undergoing liver transplantation. Patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis and ulcerative colitis experience up to a 13% incidence of colon cancer after transplantation. Lymphomas occur in 1-3% of patients after transplantation and account for 57% of malignancies occurring in adult patients. Atraumatic bone fractures occur in 22-38% of patients and neurological complications, including seizures, headache, and neuropathy occur in 19-47% of patients following liver transplantation. Patients undergoing liver transplantation may experience recurrence of their primary liver disease: hepatitis B, hepatitis C, primary biliary cirrhosis, autoimmune hepatitis, or primary sclerosing cholangitis. In patients not receiving immunoprophylaxis after transplantation for chronic hepatitis B, recurrent hepatitis B is seen in up to 90% of patients. This can be markedly reduced with hyperimmune globulin immunoprophylaxis. Recurrent hepatitis C is seen in the majority of patients; current treatment modalities are inadequate. Recurrence of primary biliary cirrhosis or primary sclerosing cholangitis in the allograft is infrequent. Autoimmune hepatitis may recur in up to 26% of patients following liver transplantation. Primary disease recurrence in the allograft and preventive strategies are discussed.
Maternal health and pregnancy outcomes among women of refugee background from African countries: a retrospective, observational study in Australia.; BACKGROUND: Women of refugee background from Africa are reported to have a greater risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes compared to women born in resettlement countries. However, there is currently little insight into whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are more common among migrant women of refugee background, compared to women who have migrated for non-humanitarian reasons. To inform whether women of refugee background require additional services in pregnancy compared to non-refugee migrant women from similar world regions we aimed to describe and compare maternal health, pregnancy care attendance and pregnancy outcomes among migrant women from Africa with or without a refugee background. METHODS: Retrospective, observational study of singleton births at a single, metropolitan, maternity service in Australia 2002-2011, to women born in humanitarian source countries (HSC) and non-HSC from North Africa (n = 1361), Middle and East Africa (n = 706) and West Africa (n = 106). RESULTS: Compared to non-HSC groups, age < 20 years (0-1.4% vs 2.3-13.3%), living in relatively socio-economically disadvantaged geographic areas (26.2-37.3% vs 52.9-77.8%) and interpreter need (0-23.9% vs 9.7-51.5%) were generally more common in the HSC groups. Compared to non-HSC groups, female genital mutilation (0.3-3.3% vs 5.1-13.8%), vitamin D insufficiency (8.7-21.5% vs 23.3-32.0%), syphilis (0-0.3% vs 1.2-7.5%) and hepatitis B (0-1.1% vs 1.2-18%) were also generally more common among the HSC groups. Unplanned birth before arrival at the hospital (3.6%) was particularly high in the North African HSC group. HSC-birth was associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio = 3.5, 95% confidence interval: 1.8-7.1) among women from Middle and East Africa, after adjusting for maternal age, parity, body mass index and relative socio-economic disadvantage of area of residence. The West African HSC group had the highest stillbirth incidence (4.4%). CONCLUSIONS: Migrant women of refugee background from different African regions appear to be at greater risk of specific adverse pregnancy outcomes compared to migrant women without a refugee background. Awareness of differing risks and health needs would assist provision of appropriate pregnancy care to improve the health of African women and their babies.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: an overview.; Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D.
The Role of Laboratory Medicine for Health During Pregnancy.; Pregnancy produces profound physiological changes that increase in significance as it progresses. These changes include hormonal changes, metabolic changes, increases of plasma volume up to 50%, alterations to the balance of the coagulation system in favour of clotting, and GFR increases to a peak 50% above prepregnancy levels. Since healthy physiological changes occur during pregnancy, different reference intervals may be needed. First antenatal screens usually include Complete blood count, Blood group and antibody screen, rubella antibody status, syphilis serology, Hepatitis B serology and HIV abs testing. Additional testing in early pregnancy may be added to the first antenatal screen such as varicella, Chlamydia and vitamin D tests. The most important test in the second antenatal testing screen is gestational diabetes screening and protein detection in urine to rule out preeclampsia. Screening for Down syndrome, other chromosomal abnormalities and neural tube defects is recommended for all pregnant women above the age of 35 years. Additionally, 37 weeks into pregnancy, a swab to detect Group B streptococcal (GBS) infection is recommended.
Drug treatment of combined hyperlipidemia.; Combined hyperlipidemia is increasing in frequency and is the most common lipid disorder associated with obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus. It is associated with other features of the metabolic syndrome including hypertension, hyperuricemia, hyperinsulinemia and highly atherogenic subfractions of lipoprotein remnant particles including small dense low density lipoprotein-cholesterol. This review examines the mechanisms by which combined hyperlipidemia arises and the various drugs including fibric acid derivatives, hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors, and nicotinic acid which can be used either as monotherapy or in combination to manage it and to improve prognosis from atherosclerotic disease in diabetes mellitus, insulin resistant states and primary combined hyperlipidemia. The therapeutic approach to combined hyperlipidemia involves determination of whether the cause is hepatocyte damage or metabolic derangements. Combined hyperlipidemia due to hepatocyte damage should be treated by attention to the primary cause. In the case of metabolic dysfunction because of imbalance in glucose and fat metabolism, therapy of diabetes mellitus and obesity should be optimised prior to commencement of lipid lowering drugs. Both fibric acid derivatives and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors can be used in the treatment of combined hyperlipidemia with fibric acid derivatives having greater effects on triglycerides and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors on LDL-C though both have effects on the other cardiovascular risk factors. There is some evidence of benefit with both interventions in mild combined hyperlipidemias and large scale trials are underway. Fibric acid derivatives and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor therapy can be combined with care, provided that gemfibrozil is avoided, fibric acid derivatives are given in the mornings and shorter half -life HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors are used at night. Combined hyperlipidemia emergencies occur with predominant hypertriglyceridemia in pregnancy or as a cause of pancreatitis. Therapy in the former should aim to reduce chylomicron production by a low fat diet and intervention to suppress VLDL-C secretion using omega-3 fatty acids. In the latter case, fluid therapy alone and medium chain plasma triglyceride infusions usually reduce levels satisfactorily though apheresis may be required. Blood glucose levels also need aggressive management in these conditions. Combined hyperlipidemia is likely to become an increasing problem with the increase in the prevalence of obesity and diabetes mellitus and needs aggressive management to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Hepatitis B Virus Infection in Pregnancy: Immunological Response, Natural Course and Pregnancy Outcomes.; This review aimed to provide an update on the impact of pregnancy on the natural course of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and also on the impact of HBV infection on adverse pregnancy outcomes, including mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). For the literature review, original research articles, review articles, and guidelines were narratively reviewed and comprehensively validated. The databases of PubMed, EMBASE, and CINAHL were carefully searched for articles in English on topics related to HBV infection, pregnancy, and vertical transmission from 1960 to May 2021. Immunological changes during pregnancy such as suppression of Th1 response and induction of Th2 immunity lead to an impaired immune reaction to HBV and stimulate viral activity along with the reduction of CD8 T cells to escape immune detection. The impact of pregnancy on the natural course of chronic HBV infection seems to be minimal, while pregnancy can increase morbidity and mortality in the case of advanced HBV hepatitis or cirrhosis. Importantly, hepatitis flare or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) flare can occur during pregnancy and is more common during the postpartum period due to the interaction between HBV and the immune response. Interestingly, the impact of HBV infection on adverse pregnancy outcomes is more serious than ever thought. Updated evidence indicates that pregnancies with chronic HBV infection increase the risk of preterm birth and gestational diabetes, especially in cases of positive hepatitis e antigen (HBeAg).
Effect of gestational disorders on preterm birth, low birthweight, and NICU admission.; OBJECTIVE: Many modifiable maternal behaviors and experiences before and during pregnancy are associated with adverse health outcomes. The relationship between a number of maternal and gestational disorders and perinatal outcomes (preterm birth, low birth weight and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU)) admission in the Central New York population is determined using the Statewide Perinatal Data System, in a retrospective population-based cohort study. METHODS: Singleton births excluding newborns with congenital anomalies among 165,739 women between 2004 and 2012 are included in this study. Multivariable logistic regression analysis is used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) adjusted for maternal age, race, education, employment, parity, body mass index, smoking, drug use, depression, abortions, gender of child, prenatal care, and hospital level. RESULTS: Previous preterm birth and vaginal bleeding are independent high-risk factors for all three perinatal outcomes, pre-pregnancy diabetes (OR 4.95, 95% CI 4.34, 5.64) for preterm birth and (OR 7.45, 95% CI 6.58, 8.44) for NICU admission; and gestational hypertension (OR 4.35, 95% CI 4.03, 4.70) for low birth weight. Among infections, bacterial vaginosis is retained in the multivariable model as a risk factor for preterm and low birth weight while hepatitis C is a risk factor for NICU admission. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest the continued importance of addressing the need to provide preconception and inter conception care for women since many modifiable risk factors are correlated and need to be addressed well before the woman becomes pregnant.
Age-related changes in fatty acids in obese offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; OBJECTIVE: The long-term effects of fetal hyperinsulinemia, time course of changes in liver and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) lipid levels and fatty acid compositions were investigated in obese offspring of streptozotocin-induced mildly diabetic rats. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Mild hyperglycemia in pregnant rats was induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin on day 5 of gestation. Control pregnant rats were injected with citrate buffer. Liver and VLDL lipids and fatty acids were analyzed in offspring at different ages. RESULTS: At birth, obese pups had higher VLDL triglyceride levels, saturated fatty acids, and C20:4n-6. They also had lower C18:2n-6 proportions in VLDL triglycerides, phospholipids, and cholesteryl esters than controls pups. In 1-month-old male and female obese rats, VLDL and liver lipid amounts were similar to those in their respective controls; however, high levels of C18:2n-6 and C20:4n-6 were noted in liver and VLDL lipids. At the age of 2 months, liver and VLDL triglyceride levels were higher in obese females than in control females. Fatty acid abnormalities seen in obese rats included low C18:3n-3 and high C22:6n-3 proportions in liver triglycerides and phospholipids. At the age of 3 months, obese rats, both males and females, compared with control animals, had higher VLDL and hepatic lipids with reduced C20:4n-6 levels and polyunsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratios in hepatic and VLDL triglycerides and phospholipids. DISCUSSION: Fetal obesity, associated with alterations in VLDL lipid fatty acid composition, represents an important risk factor for adult obesity and diabetes.
[Medical high-risk patient in the dental practice].; Cardiovaskular and pulmonary diseases, terminal renal failure, hepatitis B and C as well as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome, hemorrhagic diatheses, diabetes mellitus and hyperthyreosis are the major systemic diseases related to the practice of dentistry and require a modified treatment plan. Dental treatment during pregnancy may involve a risk for the woman and the fetus. The article outlines the most important aspects of interdisciplinary care for medial high-risk patients in the dental practice, refers to further readings and emphasizes the necessity of active continued education in the field of general medicine and specific emergency care.
Traditional and novel aspects of the metabolic actions of growth hormone.; Growth hormone has been known to be diabetogenic for almost a century and it's diabetogenic properties fostered consideration of excessive and abnormal GH secretion as a cause of diabetes, as well as a role in the microvascular complications, especially retinopathy. However, besides inducing insulin resistance, GH also is lipolytic and a major anabolic hormone for nitrogen retention and protein synthesis. These actions are best illustrated at the extremes of GH secretion: Gigantism/acromegaly is characterized by excessive growth, CHO intolerance, hyperplasia of bone, little body fat and prominent muscle development, whereas total deficiency of GH secretion or action is associated with adiposity, poor growth, and poor muscle development. These actions also become apparent during puberty and pregnancy, times when GH secretion is increased and account for the characteristic changes in body composition and tendency to diabetes. More recently, tissue specific deletions of the GH receptor (GHR), have uncovered newer metabolic effects including it's essential role in triglyceride export from the liver when GHR is deleted in the liver, leading to hepatic steatosis and ultimately to hepatic adenoma formation, effects which may explain these findings in obesity, a state of diminished GH secretion and action. In addition deletion of GH action in muscle and fat is associated with specific patterns of disturbed phenotype and metabolic effects in CHO, fat, and protein metabolism affecting the specific tissue and whole body function. This chapter provides an overview of these classic and newer metabolic functions of GH, placing this hormone and its actions in a central role of body fuel economy in health and disease.
The adipokine FABP4 is a key regulator of neonatal glucose homeostasis.; During pregnancy, fetal glucose production is suppressed, with rapid activation immediately postpartum. Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) was recently demonstrated as a regulator of hepatic glucose production and systemic metabolism in animal models. Here, we studied the role of FABP4 in regulating neonatal glucose hemostasis. Serum samples were collected from pregnant women with normoglycemia or gestational diabetes at term, from the umbilical circulation, and from the newborns within 6 hours of life. The level of FABP4 was higher in the fetal versus maternal circulation, with a further rise in neonates after birth of approximately 3-fold. Neonatal FABP4 inversely correlated with blood glucose, with an approximately 10-fold increase of FABP4 in hypoglycemic neonates. When studied in mice, blood glucose of 12-hour-old WT, Fabp4-/+, and Fabp4-/- littermate mice was 59 ± 13 mg/dL, 50 ± 11 mg/dL, and 43 ± 11 mg/dL, respectively. Similar to our observations in humans, FABP4 levels in WT mouse neonates were approximately 8-fold higher compared with those in adult mice. RNA sequencing of the neonatal liver suggested altered expression of multiple glucagon-regulated pathways in Fabp4-/- mice. Indeed, Fabp4-/- liver glycogen was inappropriately intact, despite a marked hypoglycemia, with rapid restoration of normoglycemia upon injection of recombinant FABP4. Our data suggest an important biological role for the adipokine FABP4 in the orchestrated regulation of postnatal glucose metabolism.
Early hypothalamic FTO overexpression in response to maternal obesity--potential contribution to postweaning hyperphagia.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine and postnatal overnutrition program hyperphagia, adiposity and glucose intolerance in offspring. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the fat mass and obesity associated (FTO) gene have been linked to increased risk of obesity. FTO is highly expressed in hypothalamic regions critical for energy balance and hyperphagic phenotypes were linked with FTO SNPs. As nutrition during fetal development can influence the expression of genes involved in metabolic function, we investigated the impact of maternal obesity on FTO. METHODS: Female Sprague Dawley rats were exposed to chow or high fat diet (HFD) for 5 weeks before mating, throughout gestation and lactation. On postnatal day 1 (PND1), some litters were adjusted to 3 pups (vs. 12 control) to induce postnatal overnutrition. At PND20, rats were weaned onto chow or HFD for 15 weeks. FTO mRNA expression in the hypothalamus and liver, as well as hepatic markers of lipid metabolism were measured. RESULTS: At weaning, hypothalamic FTO mRNA expression was increased significantly in offspring of obese mothers and FTO was correlated with both visceral and epididymal fat mass (P<0.05); body weight approached significance (P = 0.07). Hepatic FTO and Fatty Acid Synthase mRNA expression were decreased by maternal obesity. At 18 weeks, FTO mRNA expression did not differ between groups; however body weight was significantly correlated with hypothalamic FTO. Postnatal HFD feeding significantly reduced hepatic Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase-1a but did not affect the expression of other hepatic markers investigated. FTO was not affected by chronic HFD feeding. SIGNIFICANCE: Maternal obesity significantly impacted FTO expression in both hypothalamus and liver at weaning. Early overexpression of hypothalamic FTO correlated with increased adiposity and later food intake of siblings exposed to HFD suggesting upregulation of FTO may contribute to subsequent hyperphagia, in line with some human data. No effect of maternal obesity was observed on FTO in adulthood.
Undernutrition during pregnancy in mice leads to dysfunctional cardiac muscle respiration in adult offspring.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased risk of developing obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. However, its effect on energetics in heart remains unknown. In the present study, we examined respiration in cardiac muscle and liver from adult mice that were undernourished in utero. We report that in utero undernutrition is associated with impaired cardiac muscle energetics, including decreased fatty acid oxidative capacity, decreased maximum oxidative phosphorylation rate and decreased proton leak respiration. No differences in oxidative characteristics were detected in liver. We also measured plasma acylcarnitine levels and found that short-chain acylcarnitines are increased with in utero undernutrition. Results reveal the negative impact of suboptimal maternal nutrition on adult offspring cardiac energy metabolism, which may have life-long implications for cardiovascular function and disease risk.
Maternal green tea extract supplementation to rats fed a high-fat diet ameliorates insulin resistance in adult male offspring.; Maternal overnutrition is associated with increased risk of metabolic disorders in the offspring. This study tested the hypothesis that maternal green tea (GT) supplementation can alleviate metabolic derangements in high-fat-diet-fed rats born of obese dams. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed low-fat (LF, 7%), high-fat (HF, 30%) or HF diet containing 0.75% or 1.0% GT extract (GT1, GT2) prior to conception and throughout gestation and lactation. Both doses of GT significantly improved metabolic parameters of HF-fed lactating dams (P<.05). Birth weight and litter size of offspring from HF dams were similar, but GT supplementation led to lighter pups on day 21 (P<.05). The weaned male pups received HF, GT1 or GT2 diet (dam/pup diet groups: LF/HF, HF/HF, HF/GT1, HF/GT2, GT1/HF and GT2/HF). At week 13, they had similar weight but insulin resistance index (IRI), serum nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) and liver triglyceride of rats born to GT dams were 57%, 23% and 26% lower, accompanied by improved gene/protein expressions related to lipid and glucose metabolism, compared with the HF/HF rats (P<.05). Although HF/GT1 and HF/GT2 rats had lower serum NEFA, their insulin and IRI were comparable to HF/HF rats. This study shows that metabolic derangements induced by an overnourished mother could be offset by supplementing GT to the maternal diet and that this approach is more effective than giving GT to offspring since weaning. Hence, adverse effects of developmental programming are reversible, at least in part, by supplementing bioactive food component(s) to the mother's diet.
Early and Long-term Undernutrition in Female Rats Exacerbates the Metabolic Risk Associated with Nutritional Rehabilitation.; Human studies have suggested that early undernutrition increases the risk of obesity, thereby explaining the increase in overweight among individuals from developing countries who have been undernourished as children. However, this conclusion is controversial, given that other studies do not concur. This study sought to determine whether rehabilitation after undernutrition increases the risk of obesity and metabolic disorders. We employed a published experimental food-restriction model. Wistar female rats subjected to severe food restriction since fetal stage and controls were transferred to a moderately high-fat diet (cafeteria) provided at 70 days of life to 6.5 months. Another group of undernourished rats were rehabilitated with chow. The energy intake of undernourished animals transferred to cafeteria formula exceeded that of the controls under this regime and was probably driven by hypothalamic disorders in insulin and leptin signal transduction. The cafeteria diet resulted in greater relative increases in both fat and lean body mass in the undernourished rats when compared with controls, enabling the former group to completely catch up in length and body mass index. White adipose tissues of undernourished rats transferred to the high-lipid regime developed a browning which, probably, contributed to avoid the obesigenic effect observed in controls. Nevertheless, the restricted group rehabilitated with cafeteria formula had greater accretion of visceral than subcutaneous fat, showed increased signs of macrophage infiltration and inflammation in visceral pad, dyslipidemia, and ectopic fat accumulation. The data indicate that early long-term undernutrition is associated with increased susceptibility to the harmful effects of nutritional rehabilitation, without causing obesity.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Elevated Liver Enzymes in Japanese Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder among reproductive-aged women. While PCOS is associated with an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance, little is known regarding the prevalence of and risk factors for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among Japanese women with PCOS. We estimated the prevalence of and risk factors for elevated liver enzymes, as the index of NAFLD, in Japanese women with PCOS. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 102 reproductive-aged women who visited the Department of Gynecology, Kyoto Medical Center in Japan from January 2000 to September 2016. Inclusion criterion was confirmed diagnosis of PCOS using International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10) codes. Exclusion criteria were women with a history of liver diseases, missing body mass index (BMI) and serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) data, and pregnancy. Data regarding age; BMI; and levels of blood glucose, serum lipid, liver enzymes, and sex hormones were obtained from medical records. Elevated liver enzymes was defined as ALT > 19 IU/L. Optimal cutoffs for risk factors for elevated liver enzymes were calculated to determine predictors of elevated liver enzymes using area under the curve (AUC) by receiver-operating characteristics (ROC). RESULTS: The prevalence of elevated liver enzymes was 33.3%. BMI was significantly higher in PCOS patients than in those without elevated liver enzymes (25.3 vs. 20.7 kg/m(2), P < 0.05). ROC analyses were performed using BMI and blood glucose and testosterone levels because BMI and blood glucose showed differences between the groups and testosterone is related to fatty liver. AUC of the model including BMI and blood glucose and testosterone levels was 0.861 (sensitivity, 66.7%; specificity, 100%). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that elevated liver enzymes are common in women with PCOS. An algorism using BMI and blood glucose and testosterone levels might be useful to determine elevated liver enzymes in women with PCOS. Our finding may be useful for the study of NAFLD among Japanese women with PCOS since several previous studies have indicated elevated liver enzymes to be related to the potential presence of NAFLD. Further examination, including abdominal ultrasonography and/or liver biopsy data, is required to confirm these results.
Increases in bioactive lipids accompany early metabolic changes associated with β-cell expansion in response to short-term high-fat diet.; Pancreatic β-cell expansion is a highly regulated metabolic adaptation to increased somatic demands, including obesity and pregnancy; adult β cells otherwise rarely proliferate. We previously showed that high-fat diet (HFD) feeding induces mouse β-cell proliferation in less than 1 wk in the absence of insulin resistance. Here we metabolically profiled tissues from a short-term HFD β-cell expansion mouse model to identify pathways and metabolite changes associated with β-cell proliferation. Mice fed HFD vs. chow diet (CD) showed a 14.3% increase in body weight after 7 days; β-cell proliferation increased 1.75-fold without insulin resistance. Plasma from 1-wk HFD-fed mice induced β-cell proliferation ex vivo. The plasma, as well as liver, skeletal muscle, and bone, were assessed by LC and GC mass-spectrometry for global metabolite changes. Of the 1,283 metabolites detected, 159 showed significant changes [false discovery rate (FDR) < 0.1]. The majority of changes were in liver and muscle. Pathway enrichment analysis revealed key metabolic changes in steroid synthesis and lipid metabolism, including free fatty acids and other bioactive lipids. Other important enrichments included changes in the citric acid cycle and 1-carbon metabolism pathways implicated in DNA methylation. Although the minority of changes were observed in bone and plasma (<20), increased p-cresol sulfate was increased >4 fold in plasma (the largest increase in all tissues), and pantothenate (vitamin B(5)) decreased >2-fold. The results suggest that HFD-mediated β-cell expansion is associated with complex, global metabolite changes. The finding could be a significant insight into Type 2 diabetes pathogenesis and potential novel drug targets.
Relationships between metabolic profiles and gene expression in liver and leukocytes of dairy cows in early lactation.; Homeorhetic mechanisms assist dairy cows in the transition from pregnancy to lactation. Less successful cows develop severe negative energy balance (NEB), placing them at risk of metabolic and infectious diseases and reduced fertility. We have previously placed multiparous Holstein Friesian cows from 4 herds into metabolic clusters, using as biomarkers measurements of plasma nonesterified fatty acids, β-hydroxybutyrate, glucose and IGF-1 collected at 14 and 35 d in milk (DIM). This study characterized the global transcriptomic profiles of liver and circulating leukocytes from the same animals to determine underlying mechanisms associated with their metabolic and immune function. Liver biopsy and whole-blood samples were collected around 14 DIM for RNA sequencing. All cows with available RNA sequencing data were placed into balanced (BAL, n = 44), intermediate (n = 44), or imbalanced (IMBAL, n = 19) metabolic cluster groups. Differential gene expression was compared between the 3 groups using ANOVA, but only the comparison between BAL and IMBAL cows is reported. Pathway analysis was undertaken using DAVID Bioinformatic Resources (https://david.ncifcrf.gov/). Milk yields did not differ between BAL and IMBAL cows but dry matter intake was less in IMBAL cows and they were in greater energy deficit at 14 DIM (-4.48 v -11.70 MJ/d for BAL and IMBAL cows). Significantly differentially expressed pathways in hepatic tissue included AMPK signaling, glucagon signaling, adipocytokine signaling, and insulin resistance. Genes involved in lipid metabolism and cholesterol transport were more highly expressed in IMBAL cows but IGF1 and IGFALS were downregulated. Leukocytes from BAL cows had greater expression of histones and genes involved in nucleosomes and cell division. Leukocyte expression of heat shock proteins increased in IMBAL cows, suggesting an unfolded protein response, and several key genes involved in immune responses to pathogens were upregulated (e.g., DEFB13, HP, OAS1Z, PTX3, and TLR4). Differentially expressed genes upregulated in IMBAL cows in both tissues included CD36, CPT1, KFL11, and PDK4, all central regulators of energy metabolism. The IMBAL cows therefore had greater difficulty maintaining glucose homeostasis and had dysregulated hepatic lipid metabolism. Their energy deficit was associated with a reduced capacity for cell division and greater evidence of stress responses in the leukocyte population, likely contributing to an increased risk of infectious disease.
Recurrent pregnancy-induced diabetes insipidus in a woman with hemochromatosis.; Diabetes insipidus is a rare disorder in pregnant women, predating pregnancy or appearing for the first time during gestation. In pregnancy it usually affects women with HELLP syndrome or acute fatty liver of pregnancy and results from the reduced hepatic degradation of placental vasopressinase leading to its increased activity. Although infiltrative diseases have been found to cause diabetes insipidus in non-pregnant population, very few studies showed that these disorders may manifest for the first time during gestation. We describe here the case of transient diabetes insipidus in two subsequent pregnancies of a female with hemochromatosis. The first symptoms of this disease appeared for the first time at the beginning of the third trimester of her second pregnancy, and diagnosis was established on the basis of typical clinical presentation, confirmed by a water deprivation test. Diabetes insipidus resulted from the increased activity of vasopressinase, caused by hemochromatosis-induced liver dysfunction, the presence of which was confirmed between the pregnancies by liver biopsy and identification of the HFE gene mutation. Subsequent desferrioxamine treatment resulted in a less severe clinical course of diabetes insipidus in the last patient's pregnancy. In both pregnancies, the patient was successfully treated with oral desmopressin, which is resistant to degradation by placental vasopressinase. Although unrecognized pituitary disorders may pose a serious health problem to the mother and fetus, hemochromatosis-induced diabetes insipidus, as the case of our patient demonstrates, if effectively diagnosed and treated, cannot be regarded as a contraindication for pregnancy.
[Protecting the unborn child. Information needed long before pregnancy].; The unborn child is at risk from several maternal diseases and behaviors, such as smoking (tobacco and cannabis) and alcohol consumption. Other threats come from maternal infections (AIDS, hepatitis, rubella, toxoplasmosis, etc.), certain medicines, obesity, diabetes, etc. Many young women of child-bearing potential are unaware of these risks, and need to be informed well before they conceive. Healthcare professionals must be trained to provide this information, notably during preconceptional consultations. The first examination should take place during the first month of pregnancy (rather than before the third month at present), given the risks of early embryonic and fetal damage. This is not just a question of public health but also a social issue, as the lack of information is most flagrant among the poor. Everything must be done to ensure that all children have the best possible chance of growing up in good health.
[Twin pregnancy after liver transplantation].; Orthotopic liver transplantation was performed in a 29-year-old woman because of increasing decompensation of HBs-antigen positive post-hepatitic cirrhosis. Postoperatively she developed a mild rejection reaction and diabetes mellitus. Thirteen months after the transplant she conceived twins. This high risk pregnancy was complicated by a febrile viral infection with purulent tracheobronchitis at 9 weeks and a threatened abortion at 11 weeks. At 33 weeks there was a sudden drop in haemoglobin due to a minor uterine rupture which necessitated cesarean section. The female infants--of development in keeping with the dates--showed no clinical or ultrasound evidence of any malformations. Apart from initial difficulties--asphyxia (second twin), fluctuating glucose and calcium levels, an episode of neonatal jaundice which required phototherapy, reluctance to suck and hypotonia--the further development of both twins proceeded normally. The maternal diabetes disappeared after delivery, HBs-antigen remained negative and the HBs-antibody titre rose. The patient has remained in good condition, both mentally and physically.
Time course of changes in serum glucose, insulin, lipids and tissue lipase activities in macrosomic offspring of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes.; The aim of this investigation was to determine the time course of changes in serum glucose, insulin and lipid levels, as well as lipid and protein content and lipolytic activities in insulin target organs (liver, adipose tissue and muscle), in macrosomic offspring of streptozotocin-induced mildly hyperglycaemic rats. Food intake and nutritional efficiency were also evaluated. Mild hyperglycaemia in pregnant rats was induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (40 mg/kg body weight) on day 5 of gestation. Control pregnant rats were injected with citrate buffer. At birth, macrosomic pups (birth weight >1.7 S.D. greater than the mean value for the control pups) had higher serum insulin, glucose and lipid levels than control pups. These macrosomic rats maintained accelerated postnatal growth combined with high adipose tissue weight up to 12 weeks of age. These rats were not hyperphagic; however, they had higher food efficiency and fat storage capacity with higher adipocyte lipoprotein lipase activity, which contributed to persisting obesity. Hepatic lipase activity was increased in macrosomic rats at all ages. Moreover, macrosomia was associated with metabolic disturbances that varied according to age and sex. After 1 month, several alterations observed at birth had disappeared. Serum glucose, insulin and lipid levels in male and female macrosomic rats became similar to those of their respective controls. At 2 months of age, hepatic and serum triacylglycerol levels were higher in macrosomic females than in controls. By 3 months, macrosomic rats (both males and females) had developed insulin resistance with hyperinsulinaemia, hyperglycaemia, and higher serum and hepatic lipids. In conclusion, macrosomia was associated with alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism through to adulthood. It should be considered as an important potential risk factor for obesity and its metabolic complications.
The Riddle of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Progression From Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver to Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver (NAFL) is an emerging global epidemic which progresses to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and cirrhosis in a subset of subjects. Various reviews have focused on the etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis and treatment of NAFLD. This review highlights specifically the triggers implicated in disease progression from NAFL to NASH. The integrating role of genes, dietary factors, innate immunity, cytokines and gut microbiome have been discussed.
Accretion of visceral fat and hepatic insulin resistance in pregnant rats.; Insulin resistance (IR) is a hallmark of pregnancy. Because increased visceral fat (VF) is associated with IR in nonpregnant states, we reasoned that fat accretion might be important in the development of IR during pregnancy. To determine whether VF depots increase in pregnancy and whether VF contributes to IR, we studied three groups of 6-mo-old female Sprague-Dawley rats: 1) nonpregnant sham-operated rats (Nonpreg; n = 6), 2) pregnant sham-operated rats (Preg; n = 6), and 3) pregnant rats in which VF was surgically removed 1 mo before mating (PVF-; n = 6). VF doubled by day 19 of pregnancy (Nonpreg 5.1 +/- 0.3, Preg 10.0 +/- 1.0 g, P < 0.01), and PVF- had similar amounts of VF compared with Nonpreg (PVF- 4.6 +/- 0.8 g). Insulin sensitivity was measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in late gestation in chronically catheterized unstressed rats. Glucose IR (mg.kg(-1).min(-1)) was highest in Nonpreg (19.4 +/- 2.0), lowest in Preg (11.1 +/- 1.4), and intermediate in PVF- (14.7 +/- 0.6; P < 0.001 between all groups). During the clamp, Nonpreg had greater hepatic insulin sensitivity than Preg [hepatic glucose production (HGP): Nonpreg 4.5 +/- 1.3, Preg 9.3 +/- 0.5 mg.kg(-1).min(-1); P < 0.001]. With decreased VF, hepatic insulin sensitivity was similar to nonpregnant levels in PVF- (HGP 4.9 +/- 0.8 mg.kg(-1).min(-1)). Both pregnant groups had lower peripheral glucose uptake compared with Nonpreg. In parallel with hepatic insulin sensitivity, hepatic triglyceride content was increased in pregnancy (Nonpreg 1.9 +/- 0.4 vs. Preg 3.2 +/- 0.3 mg/g) and decreased with removal of VF (PVF- 1.3 +/- 0.4 mg/g; P < 0.05). Accretion of visceral fat is an important component in the development of hepatic IR in pregnancy, and accumulation of hepatic triglycerides is a mechanism by which visceral fat may modulate insulin action in pregnancy.
Western diet-induced shifts in the maternal microbiome are associated with altered microRNA expression in baboon placenta and fetal liver.; Maternal consumption of a high-fat, Western-style diet (WD) disrupts the maternal/infant microbiome and contributes to developmental programming of the immune system and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring. Epigenetic changes, including non-coding miRNAs in the fetus and/or placenta may also underlie this risk. We previously showed that obese nonhuman primates fed a WD during pregnancy results in the loss of beneficial maternal gut microbes and dysregulation of cellular metabolism and mitochondrial dysfunction in the fetal liver, leading to a perturbed postnatal immune response with accelerated NAFLD in juvenile offspring. Here, we investigated associations between WD-induced maternal metabolic and microbiome changes, in the absence of obesity, and miRNA and gene expression changes in the placenta and fetal liver. After ~8-11 months of WD feeding, dams were similar in body weight but exhibited mild, systemic inflammation (elevated CRP and neutrophil count) and dyslipidemia (increased triglycerides and cholesterol) compared with dams fed a control diet. The maternal gut microbiome was mainly comprised of Lactobacillales and Clostridiales, with significantly decreased alpha diversity (P = 0.0163) in WD-fed dams but no community-wide differences (P = 0.26). At 0.9 gestation, mRNA expression of IL6 and TNF in maternal WD (mWD) exposed placentas trended higher, while increased triglycerides, expression of pro-inflammatory CCR2, and histological evidence for fibrosis were found in mWD-exposed fetal livers. In the mWD-exposed fetus, hepatic expression levels of miR-204-5p and miR-145-3p were significantly downregulated, whereas in mWD-exposed placentas, miR-182-5p and miR-183-5p were significantly decreased. Notably, miR-1285-3p expression in the liver and miR-183-5p in the placenta were significantly associated with inflammation and lipid synthesis pathway genes, respectively. Blautia and Ruminococcus were significantly associated with miR-122-5p in liver, while Coriobacteriaceae and Prevotellaceae were strongly associated with miR-1285-3p in the placenta; both miRNAs are implicated in pathways mediating postnatal growth and obesity. Our findings demonstrate that mWD shifts the maternal microbiome, lipid metabolism, and inflammation prior to obesity and are associated with epigenetic changes in the placenta and fetal liver. These changes may underlie inflammation, oxidative stress, and fibrosis patterns that drive NAFLD and metabolic disease risk in the next generation.
Maternal carbohydrate metabolism and its relationship to fetal growth and body composition.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to correlate maternal carbohydrate metabolism and parental morphometric measurements with neonatal birth weight, body composition, and placental weight. STUDY DESIGN: Sixteen singleton (six control and 10 abnormal glucose tolerance) infants had placental weight, birth weight, and estimates of body composition performed within 24 hours of birth. Independent variables considered were (1) maternal and paternal demographic and morphometric measures, (2) neonatal sex and gestational age, and (3) estimates of maternal carbohydrate metabolism, including basal hepatic glucose production, insulin response, and insulin sensitivity. All metabolic measurements were performed before conception and in early (12 to 14 weeks) and late (34 to 36 weeks) gestation. Best-fit stepwise regression analysis was used to relate the independent variables with placental weight, neonatal birth weight, fat-free mass, and fat mass. RESULTS: Insulin sensitivity in late gestation had the strongest correlation with placental weight (R2 = 0.28), neonatal birth weight (R2 = 0.28), and fat-free mass (R2 = 0.33). In contrast, insulin sensitivity before conception had the best correlation with neonatal fat mass (R2 = 0.15). Including all significant independent variables in the model improved the correlations for placental weight (R2 = 0.58), birth weight (R2 = 0.48), fat-free mass (R2 = 0.53), and fat mass (R2 = 0.46). CONCLUSION: Maternal insulin sensitivity had stronger correlations with fetoplacental growth in comparison with maternal demographic or morphometric factors.
Fetal growth and body composition in infants of women with diabetes mellitus during pregnancy.; The purpose of this study was to evaluate growth velocities of various neonatal tissues in women with diabetes mellitus. We hypothesize that in large for gestational age (LGA) infants, insulin-sensitive tissue will demonstrate the greatest accelerated growth. Thirty-eight singleton pregnancies had prospective longitudinal ultrasound measurements of the fetal biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femur length (FL), transcerebellar diameter (TCD), liver length, renal length, abdominal fat, and thigh fat in late pregnancy. At birth, neonatal body composition was estimated and anthropometric measurements were obtained. Twenty-four neonates were not large for gestational age (non-LGA) and 14 LGA based on birth weight percentile > or = 90 percentile. The fetal AC (P = 0.0006), liver length (P = 0.01), thigh fat (P = 0.02), and abdominal wall fat (P = 0.001) demonstrated accelerated growth velocity in LGA fetuses. At birth LGA infants had a 17% (P = 0.0001) increase in lean body mass, but a 99% (P = 0.0001) increase in fat mass compared with non-LGA infants. Using stepwise regression, abdominal wall fat accounted for 63% (P = 0.0001) of the variance in AC compared with 3% (P = 0.13) for liver length. In conclusion, ultrasound estimates of adiposity may potentially be a sensitive indicator of growth abnormalities in infants of diabetic women in late gestation.
Serum ferritin, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome: clinical and laboratory associations in 769 non-hispanic whites without diabetes mellitus in the HEIRS study.; BACKGROUND: In some reports, serum ferritin (SF) has been associated with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. METHODS: We studied non-Hispanic whites without diabetes mellitus in a postscreening examination. Participants included cases [HFE C282Y homozygosity; and transferrin saturation (TS) >50% and SF >300 μg/L (males) and TS >45% and SF >200 μg/dL (females), regardless of HFE genotype] and controls [HFE wild-type (wt/wt) and TS/SF 25th-75th percentiles]. We excluded participants with overnight fasts <8 hr, cirrhosis, hepatitis B or C, pregnancy, or missing data. Observations were age, sex, C282Y homozygosity, body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP, DBP), lymphocytes, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), C-reactive protein (CRP), TS, SF, and glucose/insulin. Insulin resistance was defined as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) 4th quartile (≥2.70). RESULTS: A total of 407 women and 362 men (mean age 54 years) included 188 C282Y homozygotes and 371 wt/wt. Significant trends across HOMA-IR quartiles included age, male sex, BMI, SBP, DBP, lymphocytes, ALT, CRP >0.5 mg/dL (positive), and TS (negative). Multiple regression on HOMA-IR revealed significant associations with male sex, BMI, SBP, lymphocytes, ALT, CRP>0.5 mg/dL (positive), and DBP and SF (negative). Logistic regression on HOMA-IR 4th quartile revealed significant positive associations with age, male sex, BMI, and lymphocytes. Metabolic syndrome occurred in 53 participants (6.9%). Logistic regression on metabolic syndrome revealed these odds ratios: HOMA-IR 4th quartile [9.1 (4.8, 17.3)] and CRP >0.5 mg/dL [2.9 (1.6, 5.4)]. CONCLUSIONS: Age, male sex, BMI, and lymphocytes were positively associated with HOMA-IR after correction for other factors. HOMA-IR 4th quartile and CRP >0.5 mg/dL predicted metabolic syndrome.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Patients With Hepatitis C Virus Infection.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the risks of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with pregnancies complicated by hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort study of HCV infection in pregnancy. Participants were screened for HCV infection with serum antibody tests, and each participant with a positive HCV result (case group) was matched with up to two individuals with negative HCV results (control group) prospectively by gestational age (±2 weeks) at enrollment. Maternal outcomes included gestational diabetes, abruption, preeclampsia or gestational hypertension, cholestasis, and preterm delivery. Neonatal outcomes included hyperbilirubinemia, admission to neonatal intensive care (NICU); small-for-gestational-age (SGA) birth weight; and neonatal infection, defined as sepsis or pneumonia. Models were adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, injection drug use, and maternal medical comorbidities. RESULTS: The 249 individuals in the case group were prospectively matched to 486 individuals in the control group who met eligibility criteria. There were significant differences in demographic characteristics between the groups, including race, socioeconomic markers, education, insurance status, and drug and tobacco use. The frequencies of maternal outcomes of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and abruption were similar between the case and control groups. Preterm birth was similar between groups, but neonates born to individuals in the case group were more likely to be admitted to the NICU (45.1% vs 19.0%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.6, 95% CI, 1.8-3.8) and to have SGA birth weights below the 5th percentile (10.6% vs 3.1%, aOR 2.9, 95% CI, 1.4-6.0). There were no increased odds of hyperbilirubinemia or neonatal infection. CONCLUSION: Despite no increased odds of preterm birth or other adverse maternal outcomes in adjusted analyses, maternal HCV infection was associated with twofold increased odds of NICU admission and nearly threefold increased odds of SGA birth weight below the 5th percentile.
Metabolic and Microbial Changes Associated With Diet and Obesity During Pregnancy: What Can We Learn From Animal Studies?; The intestinal microbiota changes throughout pregnancy and influences maternal metabolic adaptations to support fetal growth. Obesity induces alterations to the microbiota that include decreased microbial diversity and shifts in microbial composition, though specific species changes are inconsistent between published studies. In animal models, probiotics and exercise moderate maternal weight gain and partially correct the maternal microbiota. Supplemental Escherichia coli, however, exacerbate maternal obesity during the perinatal period, lending weight to the theory that inflammation-induced gut epithelial barrier leak influences metabolic dysregulation. Although birth weight is not always altered when offspring are exposed to an obesogenic diet during gestation, insulin resistance and lipid metabolism are impacted through adulthood in association with this exposure and can lead to increased body weight in adulthood. Postnatal offspring growth is accelerated in response to maternal overnutrition during lactation. Offspring microbiota, metabolism, and behavior are altered in response to early exposure to high fat and high sucrose diets. Consequences to this exposure include impaired glucose and insulin homeostasis, fatty liver, and neurobehavioral deficits that can be ameliorated by improving the microbial environment. In this mini review, we provide an overview of the use of translational animal models to understand the mechanisms associated with changes to the gastrointestinal microbiota due to maternal obesity and the microbial impact on the metabolic changes of pregnancy.
Curcumin attenuates insulin resistance and hepatic lipid accumulation in a rat model of intra-uterine growth restriction through insulin signalling pathway and sterol regulatory element binding proteins.; The objective of the present study was to investigate the effect of curcumin on insulin resistance (IR) and hepatic lipid accumulation in intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR). Rats with a normal birth weight (NBW) or IUGR were fed basic diets (NBW and IUGR groups) or basic diets supplemented with curcumin (NBW-C and IUGR-C groups) from 6 to 12 weeks. Rats in the IUGR group showed higher levels of glucose and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) (P < 0·05) than in the NBW group. The livers of IUGR rats exhibited higher (P < 0·05) concentration of TAG and lower (P < 0·05) activities of lipolysis enzymes compared with the normal rats. In response to dietary curcumin supplementation, concentrations of serum insulin, glucose and HOMA-IR, pyruvate, TAG, total cholesterol and NEFA in the liver were decreased (P < 0·05). The concentrations of glycogen and activities of lipolysis enzymes in the liver were increased (P < 0·05) in the IUGR-C group compared with the IUGR group. These results were associated with lower (P < 0·05) phosphorylated insulin receptor substrate 1, protein kinase B or Akt, glycogen synthase kinase 3β and expressions of sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 and fatty acid synthase (FASN); decreased expressions for Cd36, sterol regulatory element binding protein 1c (Srebf1) and Fasn; increased (P < 0·05) expression of PPARα; and expressions for Ppara and hormone-sensitive lipase in the liver of IUGR-C rats than the IUGR rats. Maternal malnutrition caused IR and lipid accumulation in the liver. Curcumin supplementation prevented IR by regulating insulin signalling pathways and attenuated hepatic lipid accumulation.
Predictors of the Provision of Mother's Milk Feedings in Newborns Admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.; Background: Breast milk reduces morbidity and mortality in infants admitted to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Objectives: We determined predictors of procuring mother's own milk (MOM) among NICU-admitted newborn-mother dyads: (1) initiation of any milk expression; (2) initiation of milk expression within 6 hours of birth; (3) MOM as the first enteral feeding; (4) colostrum for oral care within 36 hours of birth if not yet orally fed; and (5) provision of MOM at 21 days of life or discharge, whichever occurred first. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review of NICU-admitted newborn-mother dyads at an urban medical center from June 1, 2018-May 31, 2019. We excluded infants not directly admitted to the NICU, those never enterally fed, multiple gestations if not the first to be discharged, and infants discharged to a nonbiological caregiver. We used chi-square analysis to examine unadjusted associations between independent variables and MOM outcomes and then used logistic regression to determine the adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval (AOR [95% CI]) for predictors of MOM outcomes. Results: There were 341 mother-infant dyads who met inclusion criteria and 71% of these mothers initiated milk expression. Smoking, multiparity, gestational diabetes, and Hepatitis C lowered the odds for at least one MOM outcome; whereas mothers who delivered at 28-32 weeks versus ≥33 weeks, and infants with birthweight <1,500 g versus 1,500-2,500 g had higher odds for at least one MOM outcome. Conclusion: Maternal/infant dyad characteristics may predict some, but not all NICU breastfeeding outcomes. This suggests that hospital practices may influence these outcomes and can inform future interventions.
Pregnancy management and outcomes in women with thalassaemia major.; The health background, management and outcomes of 25 pregnancies in 18 women with transfusion dependent beta thalassaemia are described with particular consideration of appropriate preconceptual guidance for such women. This is an observation study of women attending three collaborating London hospitals. Nine of the pregnancies required induction of ovulation. Two pregnancies were complicated by diabetes and three by hepatitis C. One patient was hepatitis B positive. Two pregnancies were in women with cardiac problems, one of whom died of cardiac failure nine months after delivery of a live child. Two of the pregnancies miscarried and three were terminated, with the others resulting in 21 live children (including one set of twins). 14 of the pregnancies were delivered by caesarean section. After pregnancy five women developed secondary amenorrhoea, two developed cardiac problems and two developed diabetes.
Maternal hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus carrier status during pregnancy and long-term respiratory complications in the offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal HBV or HCV carrier status is a cause for concern regarding both the course of pregnancy and the short-term perinatal outcomes. Our main aim was to evaluate whether offspring born to carrier mothers during pregnancy, also suffer from long-term pediatric respiratory morbidity (until 18 years of age). METHOD OF STUDY: A population-based cohort analysis was conducted at a single tertiary medical center. The study included all singleton deliveries between the years 1991-2014, comparing incidence of respiratory-related hospitalization of offspring born to mothers who were carrier of HBV or HCV during their pregnancy to those born to nonexposed mothers. Respiratory morbidities were based on a predefined set of ICD-9 codes. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative hospitalization incidence between the groups and a Cox regression model was used to adjust for confounding variables. RESULTS: During the study period, 242,342 deliveries met the inclusion criteria. Of them, 771 (0.31%) were to HBV or HCV mother carriers during pregnancy. A Kaplan-Meier curve demonstrated that children born to HBV or HCV carriers had higher cumulative incidence of respiratory morbidity (Log rank test p = 0.007). In the Cox regression model, while controlling for maternal age, diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, caesarian section and gestational age at birth, maternal HBV or HCV carrier status was noted as an independent risk factor for long-term respiratory morbidity in the offspring (adjusted HR = 1.43, 95% CI 1.07-1.90, p = 0.015). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal HBV or HCV carrier status in pregnancy may increase offspring susceptibility to long-term respiratory morbidity.
Influence of High Energy Diet and Polygenic Predisposition for Obesity on Postpartum Health in Rat Dams.; It is estimated that 30% of pregnant women worldwide are overweight or obese, leading to adverse health effects for both mother and child. Women with obesity during pregnancy are at higher risk for developing both metabolic and mental disorders, such as diabetes and depression. Numerous studies have used rodent models of maternal obesity to understand its consequences on the offspring, yet characterization of changes in the dams is rare, and most rodent models rely solely on a high fat diet to induce maternal obesity, without regarding genetic propensity for obesity. Here we present the influence of both peripartum high energy diet (HE) and obesity-proneness on maternal health using selectively bred diet-resistant (DR) and diet-induced obese (DIO) rat dams. Outbred Sprague-Dawley rats were challenged with HE diet prior to mating and bred according to their propensity to gain weight. The original outbred breeding dams (F0) were maintained on low-fat chow during pregnancy and lactation. By comparison, the F1 dams consuming HE diet during pregnancy and lactation displayed higher gestational body weight gain (P < 0.01), and HE diet caused increased meal size and reduced meal frequency (P < 0.001). Sensitivity to the hormone amylin was preserved during pregnancy, regardless of diet. After several rounds of selective breeding, DIO and DR dams from generation F3 were provided chow or HE during pregnancy and lactation and assessed for their postpartum physiology and behaviors. We observed strong diet and phenotype effects on gestational weight gain, with DIO-HE dams gaining 119% more weight than DR-chow (P < 0.001). A high-resolution analysis of maternal behaviors did not detect main effects of diet or phenotype, but a subset of DIO dams showed delayed nursing behavior (P < 0.05). In generation F6/F7 dams, effects on gestational weight gain persisted (P < 0.01), and we observed a main effect of phenotype during a sucrose preference test (P < 0.05), with DIO-chow dams showing lower sucrose preference than DR controls (P < 0.05). Both DIO and DR dams consuming HE diet had hepatic steatosis (P < 0.001) and exhibited reduced leptin sensitivity in the arcuate nucleus (P < 0.001). These data demonstrate that both diet and genetic obesity-proneness have consequences on maternal health.
The risk of metabolic derangements is higher in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity born small for gestational age.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Birth weight (BW) has been associated with the risk of obesity and metabolic derangements in children and adults. The aims of this study were: i. to evaluate the distribution of BW in a sample of overweight and obese children and adolescents compared with the general reference population; ii. to explore the relationship between the BW and insulin resistance and other cardiometabolic derangements in a population of children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. METHODS AND RESULTS: 710 overweight and obese children and adolescents were recruited and categorized into small (SGA), appropriate (AGA), and large (LGA) for gestational age, according to the BW percentile. Arterial blood pressure, lipid profile, glucose metabolism and hepatic steatosis were evaluated to assess cardiometabolic obesity-related derangements. The distribution of BW categories in our population was significantly different compared with the general population (SGA 6.9% vs. 8.6%, AGA 74.6% vs. 81.4%, LGA 18.5% vs. 10%; p < 0.0001). We found a higher frequency of prediabetes conditions (21.7% vs 8.9%, OR 2.97, 95% CI 1.38-6.38, p = 0.005) and borderline/high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (31.8% vs 18.6%, OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.09-4.18, p = 0.033) in overweight and obese children born SGA compared to those born non-SGA, independently of age, sex, and BMI. CONCLUSIONS: BW is a risk factor of cardiometabolic derangements in a population of children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. Therefore, adequate obesity prevention strategies should be planned for children born SGA to minimize their risk to become obese and to reduce their short- and long-term cardiometabolic risks.
Estimation of gestational age from study of amniotic fluid and clinical assessment.; Study of 108 samples of amniotic fluid obtained between 28 and 42 weeks' gestation from 101 patients revealed that in normal pregnancies the creatinine concentration, lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio and percentage of fat cells correlated better with the gestational age of the newborn--assessed by clinical criteria--than did the bilirubin and sodium concentrations. A creatinine concentration of 1.75 mg/dL or more, an L/S ratio of 4 or more and a fat cell percentage of 10 or more correlated significantly with a gestational age of 37 weeks or more. In abnormal pregnancies (those with obstetric or medical complications, or both) the mean creatinine concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly less than expected for gestational age in fetal dysmaturity and greater than expected when the mother had diabetes. The mean L/S ratio in the amniotic fluid was elevated when the mother had hypertension or smoked and in cases of fetal dysmaturity or long interval between rupture of the membranes and delivery, whereas it was significantly lower than normal when the mother had diabetes. The mean bilirubin concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly lower than normal when the mother had hypertension. When the mother had diabetes, maturity of the fetal lung, liver, skin and brain appeared to be delayed, according to the values for the amniotic fluid constituents.
Shared effects of genetic and intrauterine and perinatal environment on the development of metabolic syndrome.; Genetic and environmental factors, including the in utero environment, contribute to Metabolic Syndrome. Exposure to high fat diet exposure in utero and lactation increases incidence of Metabolic Syndrome in offspring. Using GLUT4 heterozygous (G4+/-) mice, genetically predisposed to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and wild-type littermates we demonstrate genotype specific differences to high fat in utero and lactation. High fat in utero and lactation increased adiposity and impaired insulin and glucose tolerance in both genotypes. High fat wild type offspring had increased serum glucose and PAI-1 levels and decreased adiponectin at 6 wks of age compared to control wild type. High fat G4+/- offspring had increased systolic blood pressure at 13 wks of age compared to all other groups. Potential fetal origins of adult Metabolic Syndrome were investigated. Regardless of genotype, high fat in utero decreased fetal weight and crown rump length at embryonic day 18.5 compared to control. Hepatic expression of genes involved in glycolysis, gluconeogenesis, oxidative stress and inflammation were increased with high fat in utero. Fetal serum glucose levels were decreased in high fat G4+/- compared to high fat wild type fetuses. High fat G4+/-, but not high fat wild type fetuses, had increased levels of serum cytokines (IFN-γ, MCP-1, RANTES and M-CSF) compared to control. This data demonstrates that high fat during pregnancy and lactation increases Metabolic Syndrome male offspring and that heterozygous deletion of GLUT4 augments susceptibility to increased systolic blood pressure. Fetal adaptations to high fat in utero that may predispose to Metabolic Syndrome in adulthood include changes in fetal hepatic gene expression and alterations in circulating cytokines. These results suggest that the interaction between in utero-perinatal environment and genotype plays a critical role in the developmental origin of health and disease.
Transgenic increase in N-3/n-6 Fatty Acid ratio reduces maternal obesity-associated inflammation and limits adverse developmental programming in mice.; Maternal and pediatric obesity has risen dramatically over recent years, and is a known predictor of adverse long-term metabolic outcomes in offspring. However, which particular aspects of obese pregnancy promote such outcomes is less clear. While maternal obesity increases both maternal and placental inflammation, it is still unknown whether this is a dominant mechanism in fetal metabolic programming. In this study, we utilized the Fat-1 transgenic mouse to test whether increasing the maternal n-3/n-6 tissue fatty acid ratio could reduce the consequences of maternal obesity-associated inflammation and thereby mitigate downstream developmental programming. Eight-week-old WT or hemizygous Fat-1 C57BL/6J female mice were placed on a high-fat diet (HFD) or control diet (CD) for 8 weeks prior to mating with WT chow-fed males. Only WT offspring from Fat-1 mothers were analyzed. WT-HFD mothers demonstrated increased markers of infiltrating adipose tissue macrophages (P<0.02), and a striking increase in 12 serum pro-inflammatory cytokines (P<0.05), while Fat1-HFD mothers remained similar to WT-CD mothers, despite equal weight gain. E18.5 Fetuses from WT-HFD mothers had larger placentas (P<0.02), as well as increased placenta and fetal liver TG deposition (P<0.01 and P<0.02, respectively) and increased placental LPL TG-hydrolase activity (P<0.02), which correlated with degree of maternal insulin resistance (r = 0.59, P<0.02). The placentas and fetal livers from Fat1-HFD mothers were protected from this excess placental growth and fetal-placental lipid deposition. Importantly, maternal protection from excess inflammation corresponded with improved metabolic outcomes in adult WT offspring. While the offspring from WT-HFD mothers weaned onto CD demonstrated increased weight gain (P<0.05), body and liver fat (P<0.05 and P<0.001, respectively), and whole body insulin resistance (P<0.05), these were prevented in WT offspring from Fat1-HFD mothers. Our results suggest that reducing excess maternal inflammation may be a promising target for preventing adverse fetal metabolic outcomes in pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity.
Metabolic studies in gestational diabetic women during contraceptive treatment: effects on glucose tolerance and fatty acid composition of serum lipids.; Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) with simultaneous assessment of plasma insulin and analyses of the fatty acid composition of serum lecithin and cholesterol esters were performed in 11 women with previous gestational diabetes before and repeatedly during 6 months' administration of a low-dose progesterone (lynestrenol = LYN). 8 of these women were also followed in an identical manner during 6 months of nonhormonal contraception (intrauterine device = IUD) and additionally 6 of these women were followed also during the use of a combined oral contraceptive (OC) (ethinyl estradiol + lynestrenol - EE + LYN). LYN did not alter the IVGTT or plasma insulin but decreased the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in serum lecithin (p less than 0.01) and cholesterol esters (p less than 0.01) where oleic acid was reciprocally increased (p less than 0.05). After 6 months' use of IUD, on the other hand, the k value of IVGTT increased by 45% (p less than 0.01) without significant changes in plasma insulin. In both lecithin and cholesterol ester PUFA increased (p less than 0.05) and cholesterol ester oleate decreased (p less than 0.01); i.e., virtually the reversal of the changes seen during LYN administration. The combined OC, EE + LYN, caused a decrease in the k value by 27% (p less than 0.05) which was apparent even when compared to the effects of LYN alone. EE + LYN also increased (p less than 0.05) lecithin palmitate and decreased stearate (p less than 0.05) and had a concomitant tendency to lower PUFA and increase oleic acid in both lecithin and cholesterol esters. These results indicate that LYN has little influence on the glucose tolerance in women predisposed to diabetes but may provide poorer conditions for dietary treatment of subclinical diabetes than do nonhormonal IUDs. The combined CO, EE + LYN, on the other hand, promptly diminishes glucose tolerance and may also have an unfavorable influence on liver metabolism.
Maternal high fat diet consumption reduces liver alpha7 nicotinic cholinergic receptor expression and impairs insulin signalling in the offspring.; The activation of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor α7 subunit (α7nAChR) has been associated to anti-inflammatory response in macrophages. High-fat diet (HFD) consumption during pregnancy and lactation impairs the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in liver and white adipose tissue of offspring. In order to evaluate the relationship between damage in the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway and insulin resistance (IR) development, the liver of offspring of obese dams was investigated. Additionally, the capacity of α7nAChR activation to reduce IR induced by saturated fatty acid was investigated in hepatoma cell line. Initially, female mice were subjected to either standard chow (SC) or HFD during pregnancy and lactation period. After weaning, only male offspring from HFD dams (HFD-O) and SC dams (SC-O) were fed with the SC diet. Hepatic α7nAChR expression was downregulated, and hepatic TNF-α, IL-1β, and pIKK level, but not pJNK, were elevated in the HFD-O compared to SC-O mice. Besides, hepatic expression of TNF-α in response to lipopolysaccharide (LPS) was higher in HFD-O than SC-O mice. Insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of the AKT was lower in HFD-O compared to SC-O. Additionally, insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of the AKT in KOα7(Alb-Cre) mice fed HFD was lower than WT mice fed HFD. In hepatoma cell line, palmitate increased IL-6 and TNF-α expressions and pJNK level. These effects were accompanied by reduced capacity of insulin to stimulate AKT phosphorylation. PNU or nicotine reduced cytokine expression and JNK activation, but improved insulin resistance induced by palmitate. Our results suggest that maternal obesity impairs hepatic α7nAChR expression and AKT phosphorylation in the offspring. In vitro studies suggest that α7nAChR activation has potential to reduce deleterious effect of saturated fatty acids on insulin signalling.
Complications of HIV disease and antiretroviral therapy. Highlights of the 11th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections, February 8-11, 2004, San Francisco, California, USA.; This year's conference provided newer insights on the complications of antiretroviral therapy, as well as into the complications that arise from HIV infection itself. Many presentations at the conference centered around metabolic complications of therapy, including lipid abnormalities, diabetes, body composition changes, bone disorders, and cardiovascular disease. New data on complications of HIV infection itself were presented, including those on coinfections with hepatitis B, C, and herpes simplex viruses, malaria, and tuberculosis, as well as complications that are important during pregnancy. This article summarizes these presentations.
Risk factors for perinatal mortality in patients admitted to the hospital with the diagnosis of placental abruption.; OBJECTIVE: Placental abruption is a clinical term used when premature separation of the placenta from the uterine wall occurs prior to delivery of the fetus. Hypertension, substance abuse, smoking, intrauterine infection and recent trauma are risk factors for placental abruption. In this study, we sought for clinical factors that increase the risk for perinatal mortality in patients admitted to the hospital with the clinical diagnosis of placental abruption. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We identified all placental abruption cases managed over the past 6 years at our Center. Those with singleton pregnancies and a diagnosis of abruption based on strict clinical criteria were selected. Eleven clinical variables that had potential for increasing the risk for perinatal mortality were selected, logistic regression analysis was used to identify variables associated with perinatal death. RESULTS: Sixty-one patients were included in the study with 16 ending in perinatal death (26.2%). Ethnicity, maternal age, gravidity, parity, use of tobacco, use of cocaine, hypertension, asthma, diabetes, hepatitis C, sickle cell disease and abnormalities of amniotic fluid volume were not the main factors for perinatal mortality. Gestational age at delivery, birthweight and history of recent trauma were significantly associated with perinatal mortality. The perinatal mortality rate was 42% in patients who delivered prior to 30 weeks of gestation compared to 15% in patients who delivered after 30 weeks of gestation (p < 0.05). A three-fold increase in severe trauma was reported in the group of patients with perinatal mortality than in the group with perinatal survivors (25% versus 7%, respectively, p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In patients admitted to hospital for placental abruption delivery prior to 30 weeks of gestation and a history of abdominal trauma are independent risk factors for perinatal death.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: A risk factor for cancer, autoimmune and cardiovascular diseases?; The authors show, in an elegant population-based study, a significant association between intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and liver and biliary cancer. This association is most probably related to the high frequency of hepatitis C and gallstone disease in women with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, both being risk factors for liver and biliary cancer. In addition, the study clearly shows an increased risk of diabetes mellitus and autoimmune diseases, such as thyroid diseases, psoriasis, autoimmune arthropathies and Crohn's disease, and a small increase in cardiovascular diseases. In practice, a follow-up of liver function tests 6-12 weeks after delivery is strongly recommended to detect a possible associated liver disease.
Plasma cytokine levels in young and elderly twins: genes versus environment and relation to in vivo insulin action.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We studied the impact of genetic versus pre- and postnatal environmental factors on the plasma levels of IL6, TNF and the soluble TNF receptor superfamily, member 1A (TNFRSF1A, previously known as TNF receptor type1 [TNFR1]). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Using the hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp, we assessed the association between cytokine levels and both peripheral insulin sensitivity and hepatic glucose production. Fasting plasma IL6, TNF and soluble TNFRSF1A levels were measured using ELISA in 55 young and 43 elderly twin pairs. RESULTS: Plasma IL6 and TNF were influenced by genetic factors in young and elderly twins respectively, while no significant impact of genetics was found for soluble TNFRSF1A. Significant intra-twin pair correlations between birthweight and both IL6 and soluble TNFRSF1A levels were found. In addition to the effect of birthweight on IL6, age and fat % also significantly influenced IL6 levels, whereas soluble TNFRSF1A levels were significantly influenced by zygosity, age, fat % and sex. Plasma soluble TNFRSF1A was associated with higher plasma NEFA and to some extent with reduced insulin sensitivity. Plasma IL6 was associated positively with basal NEFA. TNF level was not associated with in vivo glucose or fat metabolism after correction for known confounders. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Plasma IL6 and soluble TNFRSF1A are influenced by the intrauterine environment. We found some evidence of a genetic component for TNF and IL6 in young and elderly twins respectively. Plasma IL6 may influence basal lipolysis, but neither plasma TNF nor IL6 levels are independently associated with hepatic or peripheral insulin action. Nevertheless, plasma soluble TNFRSF1A may play some role in the control of insulin action.
Assessment of growth and metabolism characteristics in offspring of dehydroepiandrosterone-induced polycystic ovary syndrome adults.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common reproductive disorder that has many characteristic features including hyperandrogenemia, insulin resistance and obesity, which may have significant implications for pregnancy outcomes and long-term health of women. Daughters born to PCOS mothers constitute a high-risk group for metabolic and reproductive derangements, but no report has described potential growth and metabolic risk factors for such female offspring. Hence, we used a mouse model of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA)-induced PCOS to study the mechanisms underlying the pathology of PCOS by investigating the growth, developmental characteristics, metabolic indexes and expression profiles of key genes of offspring born to the models. We found that the average litter size was significantly smaller in the DHEA group, and female offspring had sustained higher body weight, increased body fat and triglyceride content in serum and liver; they also exhibited decreased energy expenditure, oxygen consumption and impaired glucose tolerance. Genes related to glucolipid metabolism such as Pparγ, Acot1/2, Fgf21, Pdk4 and Inhbb were upregulated in the liver of the offspring in DHEA group compared with those in controls, whereas Cyp17a1 expression was significantly decreased. However, the expression of these genes was not detected in male offspring. Our results show that female offspring in DHEA group exhibit perturbed growth and glucolipid metabolism that were not observed in male offspring.
Lipotoxicity and the role of maternal nutrition.; Intrauterine malnutrition predisposes the offspring towards the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis was introduced, meaning that subtle environmental changes during embryonic and foetal development can influence post-natal physiological functions. Different mechanisms, including epigenetics, are thought to be involved in this foetal programming, but the link between epigenetics and disease is missing. There is increasing evidence that ectopic lipid accumulation and/or lipotoxicity is induced by foetal programming. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the mechanisms underlying lipotoxicity through programming, which contributes to the increase in hepatic and cardiac metabolic risk.
Factors influencing surfactant composition in the newborn infant.; In order to evaluate the surfactant maturation of the neonate, tracheal aspirates were analyzed in 84 newborn infants with 12h of birth. Using 2-dimensional thin-layer chromatography, 9 different phospholipids were identified. Dynamic surface tension measurements were performed with a modified Wilhelmy balance. Five different groups of infants with typical phospholipid patterns were characterized: i.e., 1. Normal term newborn. 2. RDS in the preterm infant. 3. Acceleration of lung maturity in preterm infants without RDS. 4. Retardation in term infants with RDS. 5. Therapeutic induction of pulmonary maturity in preterm infants following maternal glucocorticoid administration. Mature lung effluent contains high concentrations of phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phsophatidylglycerol (PG). In infants with RDS, PC is low and PG absent. Accelerated lung maturity was observed after chronic prenatal stress, such as prolonged rupture of the membranes, chronic vaginal bleeding, and maternal hepatitis or drug addiction. Retardation of pulmonary maturity was seen in infants with alpha-1-AT-deficiency, maternal diabetes and maternal hypothyroidism. Administration of methylprednisolone to the mother 24 h to 72h before birth induced both the synthesis of PC and PG in the preterm infants, resulting in an almost full-term phospholipid pattern as early as 31 weeks of gestation. The significance of these factors on the pathogenesis of RDS is discussed.
The metabolic effects of pregnancy in cystic fibrosis.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine glucose tolerance in pregnant women with cystic fibrosis (CF) and to relate glucose tolerance to insulin sensitivity, hepatic glucose production, and protein turnover. METHODS: We studied 8 CF women during pregnancy (CFPreg). Results were compared with those from 9 pregnant controls (PregCont) and 8 nonpregnant CF women (CFCont). The following metabolic studies were conducted: oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp, stable isotope infusion of [1-13C]leucine and [6,6-2H2]glucose for measurement of whole body protein turnover and hepatic glucose production (HGP), respectively. Indirect calorimetry was used to measure resting energy expenditure (REE), and food intake was measured by 3-day food journals. Fat-free mass was measured by total body potassium 40K scan. RESULTS: All but one CFPreg developed diabetes by the end of the second trimester and had significantly lower insulin secretion and more insulin resistance than PregCont. Hepatic glucose production was significantly higher and suppression by insulin was less in CF subjects, and protein breakdown was significantly higher. Insulin resistance and HGP increased during pregnancy similarly in CFPreg and PregCont groups. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy in CF is associated with decreased insulin sensitivity and high HGP, in addition to inherent decreased insulin secretion. Pregnancy in CF is also associated with increased protein turnover and less response to insulin's anticatabolic effect. These changes appear to predispose the pregnant CF women to early development of diabetes and poor weight gain.
A maternal diet of fatty fish reduces body fat of offspring compared with a maternal diet of beef and a post-weaning diet of fish improves insulin sensitivity and lipid profile in adult C57BL/6 male mice.; AIM: The maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation may affect the long-term health of the offspring. Our aim was to study how a fish or meat diet perinatal and after weaning affects body composition, insulin sensitivity and the profile of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in breast milk, fat depots, skeletal muscle and liver in male adult mice offspring. METHODS: During gestation and lactation, C57BL/6 dams were fed a herring- or beef-based diet. Half of the pups in each group changed diets after weaning. In offspring, body composition measured by DEXA, plasma lipid profile and insulin sensitivity measured by euglycemic clamp or QUICKI were monitored to adulthood. Analysis of total FAs by GC-MS were performed in the diet, breast milk and in different tissues. RESULTS: At 9 week of age, offspring of herring-fed dams had less body fat than offspring of beef-fed dams. Mice fed herring after weaning had increased insulin sensitivity at 15 week of age, reduced total plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and compared with beef-fed mice, larger interscapular brown adipose tissue depots. The FA composition of the maternal diet was mirrored in breast milk, and the herring diet significantly affected the FA profile of different tissues, leading to an increased content of n-3 PUFAs. CONCLUSION: A herring-based maternal diet reduces body fat in the offspring, but the insulin sensitivity, plasma lipids and amount of brown adipose tissue are affected by the offspring's own diet; the herring diet is more beneficial than the beef diet.
Maternal obesity during gestation impairs fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial SIRT3 expression in rat offspring at weaning.; In utero exposure to maternal obesity increases the offspring's risk of obesity in later life. We have also previously reported that offspring of obese rat dams develop hepatic steatosis, mild hyperinsulinemia, and a lipogenic gene signature in the liver at postnatal day (PND)21. In the current study, we examined systemic and hepatic adaptations in male Sprague-Dawley offspring from lean and obese dams at PND21. Indirect calorimetry revealed decreases in energy expenditure (p<0.001) and increases in RER values (p<0.001), which were further exacerbated by high fat diet (45% kcals from fat) consumption indicating an impaired ability to utilize fatty acids in offspring of obese dams as analyzed by PRCF. Mitochondrial function is known to be associated with fatty acid oxidation (FAO) in the liver. Several markers of hepatic mitochondrial function were reduced in offspring of obese dams. These included SIRT3 mRNA (p = 0.012) and mitochondrial protein content (p = 0.002), electron transport chain complexes (II, III, and ATPase), and fasting PGC-1α mRNA expression (p<0.001). Moreover, hepatic LCAD, a SIRT3 target, was not only reduced 2-fold (p<0.001) but was also hyperacetylated in offspring of obese dams (p<0.005) suggesting decreased hepatic FAO. In conclusion, exposure to maternal obesity contributes to early perturbations in whole body and liver energy metabolism. Mitochondrial dysfunction may be an underlying event that reduces hepatic fatty acid oxidation and precedes the development of detrimental obesity associated co-morbidities such as insulin resistance and NAFLD.
Key Relevance of Epigenetic Programming of Adiponectin Gene in Pathogenesis of Metabolic Disorders.; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE: Significant health and social burdens have been created by the growth of metabolic disorders like type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), atherosclerosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, worldwide. The number of the affected population is as yet rising, and it is assessed that until 2030, 4-5 million individuals will acquire diabetes. A blend of environmental, genetic, epigenetic, and other factors, such as diet, are accountable for the initiation and progression of metabolic disorders. Several researches have shown strong relevance of adiponectin gene and metabolic disorders. In this review, the potential influence of epigenetic mechanisms of adiponectin gene "ADIPOQ" on increasing the risk of developing metabolic disorders and their potential in treating this major disorder are discussed. RESULTS & CONCLUSION: Various studies have postulated that a series of factors such as maternal High fat diet (HFD), oxidative stress, pro-inflammatory mediators, sleep fragmentation throughout lifetime, from gestation to old age, could accumulate epigenetic marks, including histone remodeling, DNA methylation, and microRNAs (miRNAs) that, in turn, alter the expression of ADIPOQ gene and result in hypoadiponectinemia which precipitates insulin resistance (IR) that in turn might induce or accelerate the onset and development of metabolic disorder. A better understanding of global patterns of epigenetic modifications and further their alterations in metabolic disorders will bestow better treatment strategies design.
Complete resolution of generalized lichen planus after treatment with thalidomide.; Thalidomide has gained an infamous history due to severe birth defects observed in patients who had taken the drug to control nausea during pregnancy. The medication was withdrawn from the market because of its teratogenicity, but was approved by the FDA in 1998 for the treatment of erythema nodosum leprosum. However, thalidomide has been employed with success by dermatologists for a host of off-label uses including the treatment of lichen planus. Currently, no clinical trials or studies exist to evaluate the efficacy of using thalidomide to treat lichen planus, but case reports have been published in the medical literature supporting its therapeutic benefits. TNF-alpha is among the many cytokines that have been implicated in the pathogenicity of lichen planus. It is thought that thalidomide acts.
Association of pregnancy history and birth characteristics with neuroblastoma: a report from the Children's Cancer Group and the Pediatric Oncology Group.; Previous studies have suggested a relationship between reproductive history, pregnancy and birth factors, and the risk of neuroblastoma. We conducted a case-control telephone interview study that included a total of 504 children under the age of 19 years with newly diagnosed neuroblastoma identified by two national collaborative clinical trials groups, the Children's Cancer Group and the Pediatric Oncology Group. A total of 504 controls, matched to cases on age, were identified by random digit dialing. Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate the matched odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) with adjustment for household income, and maternal race and education. In addition, case subgroups defined by age at diagnosis, tumour MYCN oncogene amplification status, and stage were evaluated. A suggestive pattern of increased risk was seen for a greater number of prior pregnancies, history of previous miscarriages and induced abortions, with nearly a twofold increase in risk for two or more prior induced abortions (OR = 1.9, 95% CI [1.0,3.7]). No association was found for the following diseases or conditions during pregnancy: hepatitis, rubella, measles, mumps, chickenpox, mononucleosis, vaccinations, morning sickness, pre-eclampsia, bleeding, proteinuria, anaemia, urinary tract infections, heart disease, kidney disease, liver disease and diabetes. A weak association was found for hypertension during pregnancy. Several labour and delivery factors were related to an increased risk, including threatened miscarriage, anaesthetic during labour (specifically epidural) and caesarean delivery. We found associations between premature delivery (<33 weeks: OR = 1.9, 95% CI [0.7,4.8]), very low birthweight (<1500 g: OR = 2.6, 95% CI [0.7,10.3]) and risk of neuroblastoma. There was no consistent pattern of increased risk found for most factors within subgroups defined by age at diagnosis, stage or MYCN status.
Short term exendin-4 treatment reduces markers of metabolic disorders in female offspring of obese rat dams.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal obesity imposes significant health risks in the offspring including diabetes and dyslipidemia. We previously showed that the hypoglycaemic agent exendin-4 (Ex-4) administered from weaning can reverse the maternal impact of 'transmitted disorders' in such offspring. However daily injection for six-weeks was required and the beneficial effect may lapse upon drug withdrawal. This study aimed to investigate whether short term Ex-4 treatment during suckling period in a rodent model can reverse transmitted metabolic disorders due to maternal obesity. METHODS: Maternal obesity was induced in female Sprague Dawley rats by high-fat diet feeding for 6 weeks, throughout gestation and lactation. Female offspring were treated with Ex-4 (5μg/kg/day) between postnatal day (P) 4 and 14. Female offspring were harvested at weaning (P20). Lipid and glucose metabolic markers were measured in the liver and fat. Appetite regulators were measured in the plasma and hypothalamus. RESULTS: Maternal obesity significantly increased body weight, fat mass, and liver weight in the offspring. There was an associated inhibition of peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor gamma coactivator 1α (PGC1α), increased fatty acid synthase (FASN) expression in the liver, and reduced adipocyte triglyceride lipase (ATGL) expression. It also increased the plasma gut hormone ghrelin and reduced glucagon-like peptide-1. Ex-4 treatment partially reversed the maternal impact on adiposity and impaired lipid metabolism in the offspring, with increased liver PGC1α and inhibition of FASN mRNA expression. Ex-4 treatment also increased the expression of a novel fat depletion gene a2-zinc-glycoprotein 1 in the fat tissue. CONCLUSION: Short term Ex-4 treatment during the suckling period significantly improved the metabolic profile in the offspring from the obese mothers at weaning. Long-term studies are needed to follow such offspring to adulthood to examine the sustained effects of Ex-4 in preventing the development of metabolic disease.
Prenatal stress promotes insulin resistance without inflammation or obesity in C57BL/6J male mice.; During gestation, stress exposure increases the risk of developing cognitive and physiological alterations in either the long or short term. Among them, metabolic alterations have been described. Adipose tissue is responsible for the secretion of several factors involved in controlling body weight and energy expenditure, the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and the development of inflammation, among others. Moreover, the liver regulates glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism, playing an essential role in developing insulin resistance. In this work, we analyzed if prenatal stress leads to alterations in metabolism and the relationship between these alterations and gene expression in the adipose tissue and the liver. Prenatal stress-exposed animals developed disturbances in the glucose and insulin response curve, showing in both tests higher glycemia than the control group. However, they did not exhibit increased body weight. At the same time, in the adipose tissue, we observed an increase in mRNA expression of Leptin and Resistin and a decrease in Adiponectin. In the liver, we observed a lower mRNA expression of several genes involved in glucose metabolism and fatty acid oxidation, such as Sirt1, Pgc1α, Pparα, among others. In both tissues, we observed a lower expression of inflammatory genes. These results suggest that prenatal stress exposure produces insulin resistance at both physiological and molecular levels without pro-inflammatory signaling or obesity.
O-glycoside biomarker of apolipoprotein C3: responsiveness to obesity, bariatric surgery, and therapy with metformin, to chronic or severe liver disease and to mortality in severe sepsis and graft vs host disease.; The glyco-isoforms of intact apolipoprotein C3 (ApoC3) were used to probe glycomic changes associated with obesity and recovery following bariatric surgery, liver diseases such as chronic hepatitis C (CHC) and alcoholic liver cirrhosis, as well as severe, multiorgan diseases such as sepsis and graft vs host disease (GVHD). ApoC3 glyco-isoform ratios responded to unique stimuli that did not correlate with serum lipids or with other blood components measured in either a control population or a group of extremely obese individuals. However, glyco-isoform ratios correlated with obesity with a 1.8-fold change among subjects eligible for bariatric surgery relative to a nonobese control population. Bariatric surgery resulted in rapid change of isoform distribution to that of nonobese individuals, after which the distribution was stable in each individual. Although multiple simultaneous factors complicated effector attribution, the isoform ratios of very obese individuals were nearly normal for diabetic individuals on metformin therapy. Glyco-isoform ratios were sensitive to liver diseases such as chronic hepatitis C and alcoholic liver cirrhosis. The correlation coefficient with fibrosis was superior to that of current assays of serum enzyme levels. Diseases of pregnancy that can result in liver damage, HELLP syndrome and pre-eclampsia, did not alter ApoC3 glyco-isoform ratios. Early after umbilical cord blood transplantation the isoform ratios changed and returned to normal in long-term survivors. Larger changes were observed in persons who died. GVHD had little effect. Persons with severe sepsis showed altered ratios. Similar cut-points for mortality (3.5-fold difference from controls) were found for UCBT and sepsis. Similar values characterized liver cirrhosis. Overall, while changes of glyco-isoform ratios occurred in many situations, individual stability of isoform distribution was evident and large changes were limited to high-level disease. If ratio changes associated with obesity are found to document a risk factor for long-term outcomes, the information provided by glyco-isoform ratio changes may provide important, novel information for diagnostic, prognostic and therapy response to metabolic conditions.
Risk factors in patients with hereditary gallstones in Chinese pedigrees.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to define the risk factors and to evaluate the impact of family background on the prevalence of gallstones in China. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-eight gallstone pedigrees were collected and a case-control study was conducted. This study consisted of 272 first-degree relatives and 201 non-first-degree relatives of index patients. The participants completed a questionnaire and underwent physical and ultrasonographic examinations. The risk factors examined included age, sex, body mass index (BMI), smoking status, alcohol consumption, pregnancy, fat content in dietary meat, history of gastrointestinal surgery, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, fatty liver, coronary heart disease and diabetes. RESULTS: The prevalence of gallstones in first-degree and non-first-degree relatives of index patients was 38.2 and 10.9%, respectively. Age, pregnancy and BMI significantly differed between cases and controls (p < 0.05). The relative risks were: consumption of meat with a high fat content 1.4 (95% CI 1.1-1.8); hyperlipidemia 2.4 (95% CI 1.3-4.6); diabetes 1.9 (95% CI 1.1-3.2); fatty liver 4.9 (95% CI 1.0-24); coronary heart disease 2.5 (95% CI 1.7-3.9). CONCLUSION: Data showed that age, overweight, more consumption of high-fat food, high frequency of pregnancy, fatty liver, hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease and diabetes could increase the risk of gallstones in the first-degree relatives of index patients.
Paternal high protein diet modulates body composition, insulin sensitivity, epigenetics, and gut microbiota intergenerationally in rats.; Mounting evidence demonstrates that paternal diet programs offspring metabolism. However, the contribution of a pre-conception paternal high protein (HP) diet to offspring metabolism, gut microbiota, and epigenetic changes remains unclear. Here we show that paternal HP intake in Sprague Dawley rats programs protective metabolic outcomes in offspring. Compared to paternal high fat/sucrose (HF/S), HP diet improved body composition and insulin sensitivity and improved circulating satiety hormones and cecal short-chain fatty acids compared to HF/S and control diet (P < .05). Further, using 16S rRNA gene sequencing to assess gut microbial composition, we observed increased alpha diversity, distinct bacterial clustering, and increased abundance of Bifidobacterium, Akkermansia, Bacteroides, and Marvinbryantia in HP fathers and/or male and female adult offspring. At the epigenetic level, DNMT1and 3b expression was altered intergenerationally. Our study identifies paternal HP diet as a modulator of gut microbial composition, epigenetic markers, and metabolic function intergenerationally.
Combination antiretroviral therapy in human immunodeficiency virus-infected pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the safety, efficacy, and perinatal transmission rates of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) with combination antiretroviral therapy in pregnancy. METHODS: Retrospective study of all HIV-infected pregnant women treated with combination antiretroviral therapy after September 1, 1996, and who delivered by September 1, 1998, at Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center. RESULTS: Thirty women received combination therapy, 13 with protease inhibitor. Median baseline CD4 was 285 cells/mm3; 16 (53%) had AIDS, 20 (67%) were antiretroviral-experienced, and 11 (37%) were illicit substance users. Fourteen were receiving antiretroviral therapy (eight with protease inhibitor) during the first trimester. Combination therapy was prescribed for a median of 26 weeks during pregnancy. One third changed antiretroviral therapy, and nearly half (47%) were nonadherent. Twenty-four women had a successful viral load and/or CD4 response. The median (range) delivery gestation was 39 (32-42) weeks, and the median (range) birth weight was 2892 (1430-3863) g. Adverse outcomes included one stillbirth; one case of microcephaly; and five infants less than 2500 g, two of which were under 36 weeks' gestation. Median birth weight did not differ with maternal protease exposure. None of the 26 infants studied for at least 4 months had HIV infection. Associated maternal complications were four cases of pregnancy-induced hypertension, one of gestational diabetes, and one exacerbation of hepatitis C virus. CONCLUSION: Combination antiretroviral therapy in pregnancy was efficacious in reducing viral load, increasing CD4, and preventing vertical HIV transmission in women with advanced HIV disease, extensive antiretroviral experience, prior history of vertical transmission, and/or substance abuse. The findings are promising in this preliminary report that combination antiretroviral therapy may not be related to major infant toxicity, but further study is warranted.
High multivitamin intakes during pregnancy and postweaning obesogenic diets interact to affect the relationship between expression of PPAR genes and glucose regulation in the offspring.; High multivitamin intake (HV) during pregnancy increases body fat and weight and alters glucose and fatty acid metabolism in Wistar rat offspring. This study investigated the expression of peroxisome-proliferator activated receptors (PPARs) genes involved in regulation of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in their tissues. Dams received the AIN-93G diet with either the regular (RV) or 10-fold multivitamins (HV) during pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned to either the RV diet (RV-RV and HV-RV) or an obesogenic diet (RV-Ob and HV-Ob). Gene expression of PPARs in tissues was analyzed by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. Gestational diet (GD) did not affect PPARs gene expression in offspring at either birth or weaning. In liver, at 14 weeks postweaning, PPAR-γ was 30% lower in the HV-RV and 30% higher in HV-Ob than in the RV-RV group [GD P=.76, postweaning diet (PD) P=.19, interaction P=.02, by two-way analysis of variance]. In muscle, PPAR-α expression was affected by GD and PD (GD P=.05, PD P<.01, interaction P=.07). In adipose tissue, PPAR-α expression was higher in all groups compared to RV-RV (GD P=.25, PD P=.85, interaction P=.03). PPAR-γ mRNA levels correlated with abdominal fat (r=0.45, P<.05) and insulin resistance index (r=0.39, P<.05). In liver, PPAR-γ expression correlated with insulin resistance index in offspring from RV (r=-0.62, P<.05), but not in those from HV dams (r=0.13, P>.05). In conclusion, the HV diet during pregnancy interacts with postweaning diets in determining the expression of PPARs genes in a tissue- and age-dependent manner and uncouples the relationship between these genes and glucose regulation and fat mass in the rat offspring.
Rodent models in placental research. Implications for fetal origins of adult disease.; Rodent models in rats, mice, and guinea pigs have been extremely helpful to gain insight into pregnancy physiology and pathologies-related. Moreover, they have allowed understanding the mechanism that links an adverse intrauterine environment with the origin of adult disease. In this regard, the effects of diverse maternal conditions, such as undernutrition, obesity, hypoxia, and hyperandrogenism on placental function and its long-term consequences for the offspring, have been widely analyzed through rodents models involving dietary manipulations, modifications in environmental oxygen, surgical and pharmacological procedures that reduce uteroplacental blood flow and administrations of exogenous testosterone and dihydrotestosterone (DHT) mimicking maternal androgen excess. Both in human and in rodent models, these interventions induce modifications of placental morphology, transport of glucose, amino acid, and fatty acids, steroid synthesis, and signaling pathways control placental function. These changes are associated with the increase of pro-inflammatory and oxidative stress markers. For its part, offspring exhibit alterations in organs involved in metabolic control such as the hypothalamus, adipose tissue, liver, skeletal muscle, and pancreas altering the intake and preferences for certain foods, the metabolism of glucose and lipid, and hormonal function leading to fat accumulation, insulin resistance, fatty liver, dyslipidemia, and elevated glucose levels. Therefore, the present review discusses the evidence emerging from rodent models that relate maternal nutrition, hypoxia, and androgen exposure to the maternal mechanisms that lead to fetal programming and their metabolic consequences in postnatal life.
Developmental programming of offspring adipose tissue biology and obesity risk.; Obesity is reaching epidemic proportions and imposes major negative health crises and an economic burden in both high and low income countries. The multifaceted nature of obesity represents a major health challenge, with obesity affecting a variety of different organs and increases the risk of many other noncommunicable diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, dementia, cardiovascular diseases, and even cancer. The defining organ of obesity is the adipose tissue, highlighting the need to more comprehensively understand the development and biology of this tissue to understand the pathogenesis of obesity. Adipose tissue is a miscellaneous and highly plastic endocrine organ. It comes in many different sizes and shades and is distributed throughout many different locations in the body. Though its development begins prenatally, quite uniquely, it has the capacity for unlimited growth throughout adulthood. Adipose tissue is also a highly sexually dimorphic tissue, patterning men and women in different ways, which means the risks associated with obesity are also sexually dimorphic. Recent studies show that environmental factors during prenatal and early stages of postnatal development have the capacity to programme the structure and function of adipose tissue, with implications for the development of obesity. This review summarizes the evidence for a role for early environmental factors, such as maternal malnutrition, hypoxia, and exposure to excess hormones and endocrine disruptors during gestation in the programming of adipose tissue and obesity in the offspring. We will also discuss the complexity of studying adipose tissue biology and the importance of appreciating nuances in adipose tissue, such as sexual dimorphism and divergent responses to metabolic and endocrine stimuli. Given the rising levels of obesity worldwide, understanding how environmental conditions in early life affects adipose tissue phenotype and the subsequent development of obesity is of absolute importance.
Long-term effects of maternal magnesium restriction on adiposity and insulin resistance in rat pups.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the long-term effects of maternal/postnatal magnesium (Mg) restriction on adiposity, glucose tolerance, and insulin secretion in the offspring and the probable biochemical mechanisms associated with them. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Female weanling Wistar/NIN (WNIN) rats received a control diet or 70% Mg-restricted (MgR) diet for 9 weeks and mated with control males. A third of the restricted dams were shifted to control diet from parturition. Half of the pups born to the remaining restricted dams were weaned on to control diet, while the other half continued on MgR diet. Various parameters were determined in the offspring at 18 months of age. RESULTS: The percentage of body fat increased, lean body mass (LBM) and fat free mass (FFM) decreased in restricted offspring and were irreversible by rehabilitation. While glucose tolerance and insulin resistance (IR) were comparable among groups, glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and basal glucose uptake by the diaphragm were significantly decreased in restricted offspring and not corrected by rehabilitation. Plasma leptin was lower, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) was higher in restricted offspring, whereas expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS) and fatty acyl transport protein 1 (FATP 1) was higher in liver and adipose tissue. While changes in FAS and FATP 1 were not correctible by rehabilitation, those in leptin and TNF-alpha were corrected by rehabilitation from parturition but not from weaning. Tissue oxidative stress and antioxidant status were comparable among groups. DISCUSSION: Results indicate that maternal and postnatal Mg status is important in the long-term programming of body adiposity and insulin secretion in rat offspring.
Increased susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of angiotensin type 1 receptor autoantibody-positive rats.; AIMS: Abnormal fetal and early postnatal growth is closely associated with adult-onset metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the underlying etiological factors remain complex. The presence of the autoantibody against the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1-Ab), a known risk factor for pre-eclampsia, may create a suboptimal intrauterine fetal environment. The current study investigated whether middle-aged offspring of AT1-Ab-positive mothers were prone to metabolic disorder development. RESULTS: The AT1-Abs was detected in placental trophoblastic cells, capillary endothelium, and milk of pregnant rats actively immunized with the second extracellular loop of the AT1 receptor. AT1-Abs in newborn rats induced vasoconstriction, increased intracellular-free Ca(2+) in vitro, and was undetectable 7 weeks later. Immunized group offspring exhibited increased weight variability and insulin resistance at 40 weeks of age under a normal diet, evidenced by elevated fasting serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment score compared with the vehicle control. To further observe metabolic alterations, the offspring were given a high-sugar diet (containing 20% sucrose) 40-48 weeks postnatally. The fasting plasma glucose in immunized group offspring was markedly increased. Concomitantly, these offspring manifested increased visceral adipose tissue, increased fatty liver, increased triglycerides, decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and decreased adiponectin levels, indicative of MetS. INNOVATION: AT1-Abs could be transferred from mother to offspring via the placenta and milk. Moreover, offspring of an AT1-Ab-positive mother were more vulnerable to MetS development in middle age. CONCLUSION: AT1-Ab-positivity of mothers during pregnancy is a previously unrecognized "silent" risk factor for MetS development in their offspring.
Suppression of uric acid and lactate production by sodium acetate ameliorates hepatic triglyceride accumulation in fructose-insulin resistant pregnant rats.; High fructose intake has been associated with perturbed lipid, uric acid and lactate homeostasis. However, consumption of fructose-sweetened beverages is not usually regulated during pregnancy. The effect of short-chain fatty acid (acetate) on the metabolic effects of high fructose intake during pregnancy is not known. We hypothesized that acetate prevents gestational fructose-induced hepatic triglyceride (TG) accumulation by suppressing uric acid and lactate production. Pregnant Wistar rats were randomly separated into three groups (n = 6/group) receiving drinking water (CON), 10 % (w/v) fructose drink (FRU) and 10 % (w/v) fructose with 200 mg/kg (w/w; p.o.) sodium acetate (FRU + ACE) daily for nineteen days. Fructose intake resulted in increased body weight gain, liver weight, fluid intake, visceral fat, insulin resistance, fasting blood glucose, insulin, plasma and hepatic TG, total cholesterol, free fatty acid, lipid peroxidation, adenosine deaminase, xanthine oxidase, uric acid, lactate, lactate dehydrogenase, and liver injury marker enzymes. However, gestational high fructose intake led to depressed plasma and hepatic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD)-dependent antioxidant barrier, adenosine and food intake. All these effects except water intake and food intake were abated by sodium acetate. These results demonstrate that maternal fructose-enriched drink would cause hepatic TG accumulation that is associated with perturbed glucose, uric acid, lactate homeostasis, and G6PD-dependent antioxidant barrier. These results also demonstrate that acetate protects the liver against gestational fructose-induced TG accumulation by inhibiting uric acid and lactate production. Thus, acetate may be useful in the treatment of hyperuricemia- and hyperlactatemia-related disorders.
The effects of dietary fatty acids in the physiological outcomes of maternal high-fat diet on offspring energy homeostasis in mice.; The early-life origins of disease hypothesis has been applied to obesity research and modeled through overnutrition, usually with a high-fat diet (HFD). Since the obesity epidemic coincided with societal change in dietary fat consumption, rather than amount, manipulation of fatty acid (FA) profile is an under-investigated area of study. Additionally, the binding of FAs to nuclear receptors may have persistent intergenerational, extranutritive endocrinological effects that interact with the actions of reproductive steroids causing sex-dependent effects. To determine the role of FA type in the effects underlying maternal HFD, we fed wild-type C57BL6/J mating pairs, from preconception through lactation, a HFD with high saturated fat levels from coconut oil or high linoleic acid (LA) levels from vegetable oil. Male and female offspring body weight and food intake were measured weekly for 25 weeks. Assays for glucose metabolism, body composition, and calorimetry were performed at 25 weeks. Plasma metabolic peptides and liver mRNA were measured terminally. Obesity was primarily affected by adult rather than maternal diet in males, yet in females, maternal HFD potentiated the effects of adult HFD. Maternal HFD high in LA impaired glucose disposal in males weaned onto HFD and insulin sensitivity of females. Plasma leptin correlated with adiposity, but insulin and insulin receptor expression in the liver were altered by maternal LA in males. Our results suggest that maternal FA profile is most influential on offspring glucose metabolism and that adult diet is more important than maternal diet for obesity and other parameters of metabolic syndrome.
Progesterone increases hepatic lipid content and plasma lipid levels through PR- B-mediated lipogenesis.; Progesterone (P4) is a crucial reproductive hormone that acts as a precursor for all other endogenous steroids. P4 modulates transcriptional activity during reproduction by binding to progesterone receptors (PR). However, the physiological role of P4 in the liver is understudied. P4-mediated lipid metabolism in the liver was investigated in this study, as P4 facilitates insulin resistance and influences energy metabolism. While exogenous lipids are mainly obtained from food, the liver synthesizes endogenous triglycerides and cholesterol from a carbohydrate diet. Hepatic de novo lipogenesis (DNL) is primarily determined by acetyl-CoA and its biosynthetic pathways, which involve fatty acid and cholesterol synthesis. While P4 increased the hepatic levels of sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 C (SREBP-1 C), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ), acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), and CD36, co-treatment with the P4 receptor antagonist RU486 blocked these proteins and P4-mediated lipogenesis. RNA sequencing was used to assess the role of P4 in lipogenic events, such as fatty liver and fatty acid metabolism, lipoprotein signaling, and cholesterol metabolism. P4 induced hepatic DNL and lipid anabolism were confirmed in the liver of ovarian resection mice fed a high-fat diet or in pregnant mice. P4 increased lipogenesis directly in mice exposed to P4 and indirectly in fetuses exposed to maternal P4. The lipid balance between lipogenesis and lipolysis determines fat build-up and is linked to lipid metabolism dysfunction, which involves the breakdown and storage of fats for energy and the synthesis of structural and functional lipids. Therefore, P4 may impact the lipid metabolism and reproductive development during gestation.
Strategies for feeding the preterm infant.; According to many experts in neonatal nutrition, the goal for nutrition of the preterm infant should be to achieve a postnatal growth rate approximating that of the normal fetus of the same gestational age. Unfortunately, most preterm infants, especially those born very preterm with extremely low birth weight, are not fed sufficient amounts of nutrients to produce normal fetal rates of growth and, as a result, end up growth-restricted during their hospital period after birth. Growth restriction is a significant problem, as numerous studies have shown definitively that undernutrition, especially of protein, at critical stages of development produces long-term short stature, organ growth failure, and both neuronal deficits of number and dendritic connections as well as later behavioral and cognitive outcomes. Furthermore, clinical follow-up studies have shown that among infants fed formulas, the nutrient content of the formula is directly and positively related to mental and motor outcomes later in life. Nutritional requirements do not stop at birth. Thus, delaying nutrition after birth 'until the infant is stable' ignores the fundamental point that without nutrition starting immediately after birth, the infant enters a catabolic condition, and catabolism does not contribute to normal development and growth. Oxygen is necessary for all metabolic processes. Recent trends to limit oxygen supply to prevent oxygen toxicity have the potential, particularly when the blood hemoglobin concentration falls to less than 8 g/dl, to develop growth failure. Glucose should be provided at 6-8 mg/min/kg as soon after birth as possible and adjusted according to frequent measurements of plasma glucose to achieve and maintain concentrations >45 mg/dl but <120 mg/dl to avoid the frequent problems of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia. Similarly, lipid is required to provide at least 0.5 g/kg/day to prevent essential fatty acid deficiency. However, the high rate of carbohydrate and lipid supply that preterm infants often get, based on the incomplete assumption that this is necessary to promote protein growth, tends to produce increased fat in organs like the liver and heart as well as adipose tissue. More and better essential fatty acid nutrition is valuable, but more organ and adipose fat has no known benefit and many problems. Amino acids and protein are essential not only for body growth but for metabolic signaling, protein synthesis, and protein accretion. 3.5-4.0 g/kg/day are necessary to produce normal protein balance and growth in very preterm infants. Attempts to promote protein growth with insulin has many problems - it is ineffective while contributing to even further organ and adipose tissue fat deposition. Enteral feeding always is indicated and to date nearly all studies have shown that minimal enteral feeding approaches (e.g., 'trophic feeds') promote the capacity to feed enterally. Milk has distinct advantages over formulas in avoiding necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), and while feeding is associated with NEC, minimal enteral feeding regimens produce less NEC than those geared towards more aggressive introduction of enteral feeding. Finally, overfeeding has the definite potential to produce adipose tissue, or obesity, which then leads to insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and diabetes. This scenario occurs more commonly as infants are fed more and gain weight more rapidly after birth, regardless of their birth weight. Infants with IUGR and postnatal growth failure may be uniquely 'set up' for this outcome, while infants with in utero obesity, such as infants of diabetic mothers, already are well along this adverse outcome pathway.
Chemerin concentrations in maternal and fetal compartments: implications for metabolic adaptations to normal human pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Chemerin, a novel adipocytokine, has been implicated in major metabolic and inflammatory processes. Study aims were to determine whether circulating maternal chemerin concentration (1) differs between pregnant and non-pregnant women, (2) changes as a function of gestational age, and (3) correlates with maternal insulin resistance. In addition, we investigated which compartment, maternal, fetal or placental, is the source of chemerin in maternal circulation. METHODS: The study included three groups: Non-pregnant (n=18), pregnant women in the first trimester (n=19) and pregnant women in the third trimester (n=33). Chemerin was measured in cord blood and in maternal serum samples taken before and after delivery. Chemerin mRNA expression was evaluated in fetal and human adult tissues. RESULTS: Chemerin serum concentration was significantly higher in pregnant women in the third trimester than in non-pregnant and pregnant women in the first trimester. Chemerin concentration positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. Antenatal chemerin concentration was significantly lower than that during the postpartum period. Neonatal chemerin did not correlate with maternal one. Chemerin mRNA expression was abundant in fetal and adult liver and omental fat, but relatively low in placenta. CONCLUSIONS: Chemerin is increased during normal gestation and is associated with maternal BMI and insulin resistance. Maternal tissues, possibly liver and adipose tissue, contribute to the increased maternal chemerin concentration.
Brown adipose tissue in prepubertal children: associations with sex, birthweight, and metabolic profile.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Individuals born small-for-gestational age (SGA), especially those who experience postnatal catch-up growth, are at increased risk for developing endocrine-metabolic abnormalities before puberty. In adults, brown adipose tissue (BAT) has been associated with protection against metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and dyslipidaemia. Here, we assessed for the first time whether BAT activation differs between prepubertal children born SGA or appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA). SUBJECTS/METHODS: The study population consisted of 86 prepubertal children [41 AGA and 45 SGA; age (mean ± SEM), 8.5 ± 0.1 years], recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies assessing endocrine-metabolic status and body composition in infancy and childhood. The temperature at the supraclavicular region (SCR) before and after a cold stimulus was measured by infrared thermal imaging, and the area of thermally active SCR (increase after cold challenge, ΔArea(SCR)) was calculated as a surrogate index of BAT activation. The results were correlated with clinical, endocrine-metabolic, and inflammation variables, and with visceral and hepatic adiposity (assessed by Magnetic Resonance Imaging). RESULTS: No differences in BAT activation index, as judged by ΔArea(SCR), were found between AGA and SGA children. However, girls showed higher baseline and post-cold induction Area(SCR) than boys (both p ≤ 0.01). An interaction between gender and birth weight subgroup was observed for BAT activation; AGA girls increased significantly the ΔArea(SCR) as compared to AGA boys; this increase did not occur in SGA girls vs SGA boys. Cold-induced ΔArea(SCR) negatively correlated with HOMA-IR, us-CRP, liver volume, and liver fat. CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal AGA girls had significantly greater BAT activation index as compared to AGA boys; this difference was not observed in SGA subjects. Higher BAT activation associated with a lower amount of visceral fat and with a favorable metabolic profile. Long-term follow-up is needed to determine whether those differences relate to pubertal timing, and to the development of obesity and metabolic disorders.
Pregnancy during Adolescence and Associated Risks: An 8-Year Hospital-Based Cohort Study (2007-2014) in Romania, the Country with the Highest Rate of Teenage Pregnancy in Europe.; Aim. To determine pregnancy and delivery outcomes among teenagers. Materials and Methods. An 8-year retrospective comparative hospital-based cohort study is analysing singleton pregnancy comorbidities and delivery parameters of a teenage group under the age of 20 compared with a young adult group 20-24 years of age in a university hospital. Results. Teenage is a risk factor for preterm birth <37 weeks (1.21 [1.08-1.35]), foetal growth restriction (1.34 [1.21-1.48]), episiotomy (1.27 [1.21-1.34]), uterine revision (1.15 [1.06-1.25]), APGAR <7 at 1 min (2.42 [1.21-1.67]), cephalopelvic disproportion (1.26 [1.07-1.48]), and postpartum haemorrhage (1.42 [1.25-1.62]); however, caesarean delivery occurs less frequently in teenagers than in adults (0.75 [0.70-0.80]). The following comorbidities are risk factors for teenage pregnancy (risk ratio [CI 95%]): anaemia (1.13 [1.10-1.17]), low urinary tract infection (1.10 [1.03-1.18]), pediculosis (2.42 [1.90-3.00]), anogenital condyloma (1.50 [1.04-2.17]), and trichomoniasis (1.74 [1.12-2.68]). The risks for hepatitis B and hepatitis C, premature rupture of membranes, and placenta praevia were lower compared with those in the young adult group, respectively, 0.43 (0.26-0.71), 0.90 (0.85-0.96), and 0.29 (0.20-0.41), while the risk for gestational diabetes and preeclampsia were the same in both groups. Conclusion. Considering the high risks for teenage pregnancy, this information should be provided to pregnant adolescent women and their caregivers.
In utero exposures to perfluoroalkyl substances and the human fetal liver metabolome in Scotland: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances are classed as endocrine disrupting compounds but continue to be used in many products such as firefighting foams, flame retardants, utensil coatings, and waterproofing of food packaging. Perfluoroalkyl exposure aberrantly modulates lipid, metabolite, and bile acid levels, increasing susceptibility to onset and severity of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease. To date, most studies in humans have focused on perfluoroalkyl-exposure effects in adults. In this study we aimed to show if perfluoroalkyls are present in the human fetal liver and if they have metabolic consequences for the human fetus. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, human fetal livers from elective termination of pregnancies at the Aberdeen Pregnancy Counselling Service, Aberdeen, UK, were analysed by both targeted (bile acids and perfluoroalkyl substances) and combined targeted and untargeted (lipids and polar metabolites) mass spectrometry based metabolomic analyses, as well as with RNA-Seq. Only fetuses from normally progressing pregnancies (determined at ultrasound scan before termination), terminated for non-medical reasons, from women older than 16 years, fluent in English, and between 11 and 21 weeks of gestation were collected. Women exhibiting considerable emotional distress or whose fetuses had anomalies identified at ultrasound scan were excluded. Stringent bioinformatic and statistical methods such as partial correlation network analysis, linear regression, and pathway analysis were applied to this data to investigate the association of perfluoroalkyl exposure with hepatic metabolic pathways. FINDINGS: Fetuses included in this study were collected between Dec 2, 2004, and Oct 27, 2014. 78 fetuses were included in the study: all 78 fetuses were included in the metabolomics analysis (40 female and 38 male) and 57 fetuses were included in the RNA-Seq analysis (28 female and 29 male). Metabolites associated with perfluoroalkyl were identified in the fetal liver and these varied with gestational age. Conjugated bile acids were markedly positively associated with fetal age. 23 amino acids, fatty acids, and sugar derivatives in fetal livers were inversely associated with perfluoroalkyl exposure, and the bile acid glycolithocholic acid was markedly positively associated with all quantified perfluoroalkyl. Furthermore, 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one, a marker of bile acid synthesis rate, was strongly positively associated with perfluoroalkyl levels and was detectable as early as gestational week 12. INTERPRETATION: Our study shows direct evidence for the in utero effects of perfluoroalkyl exposure on specific key hepatic products. Our results provide evidence that perfluoroalkyl exposure, with potential future consequences, manifests in the human fetus as early as the first trimester of gestation. Furthermore, the profiles of metabolic changes resemble those observed in perinatal perfluoroalkyl exposures. Such exposures are already linked with susceptibility, initiation, progression, and exacerbation of a wide range of metabolic diseases. FUNDING: UK Medical Research Council, Horizon Europe Program of the European Union, Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union, NHS Grampian Endowments grants, European Partnership for the Assessment of Risks from Chemicals, Swedish Research Council, Formas, Novo Nordisk Foundation, and the Academy of Finland.
Multi‑transgenic minipig models exhibiting potential for hepatic insulin resistance and pancreatic apoptosis.; There are currently no multi‑transgenic minipig models of diabetes for the regulation of multiple genes involved in its pathogenesis. The foot and mouth disease virus 2A (F2A)‑mediated polycistronic system possesses several advantages, and the present study developed a novel multi‑transgenic minipig model associated with diabetes using this system. The tissue‑specific polycistronic system used in the present study consisted of two expression cassettes, separated by an insulator: (i) 11‑β‑hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 (11β‑HSD1), driven by the porcine liver‑specific apolipoprotein E promoter; (ii) human islet amyloid polypeptide (hIAPP) and C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP), linked to the furin digested site and F‑2A, driven by the porcine pancreas‑specific insulin promoter. In the present study, porcine fetal fibroblasts were transfected with this vector. Following somatic cell nuclear transfer using 10 cell clones and the transplantation of 1,459 embryos in total, three Landrace x Yorkshire surrogates became pregnant and delivered three Wuzhishan piglets. Genomic polymerase chain reaction (PCR) demonstrated that the piglets were multi‑transgenic. Reverse transcription‑quantitative PCR confirmed that 11β‑HSD1 transcription was upregulated in the targeted liver. Similarly, hIAPP and CHOP were expressed at high levels, compared with the control (P<0.05 and P<0.01) in the pancreas, consistent with the western blotting and immunohistochemistry results. The primary results also showed that overexpression of 11β‑HSD1 in the liver increased the liver fat lipid parameters; and the levels of hIAPP and CHOP in the pancreatic islet cells, leading to delayed β‑cell development and apoptosis. This novel tissue‑specific polycistronic system offers a promising starting point for efficiently mimicking multigenic metabolic disease.
Effect of prepartal ad libitum feeding of grass silage on transcriptional adaptations of the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue in dairy cows during the periparturient period.; Prepartal energy overfeeding may predispose cows to a state of increased insulin resistance with greater lipolysis after parturition. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effects of prepartal overfeeding in terms of abundant grass silage ration on the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) gene expression around parturition. Sixteen multiparous Finnish Ayrshire dairy cows were fed ad libitum either grass silage [high energy, HE; 144 MJ/d of metabolizable energy (ME) intake, n=8] or a mixture of grass silage, wheat straw, and rapeseed meal [55:40:5 (CON), 109 MJ/d of ME, n=8] during the dry period (58.2±4.89 d, mean ± standard deviation). Tissue biopsies and blood samples were collected at -14 (±4.98), 1, and 7 d relative to the actual parturition date. The HE cows had greater total dry matter intake, ME intake, and ME balance during the dry period than the CON cows. Compared with CON, the increases in body weight and body condition score were greater in HE during the dry period. Milk yield during the first 2 wk of lactation was not different between the groups. Plasma glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, insulin, glucagon, and β-hydroxybutyrate did not differ between the groups during the transition period. Dietary treatment did not affect hepatic triglyceride content; however, a delayed increase in hepatic total lipid content was observed in the HE cows at d 1 postpartum. Hepatic cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1 mRNA expression was lower in HE than in CON at d 1 and 7 postpartum. Adiponectin receptor 1 and 2 mRNA abundance tended to be lower in SAT of HE than CON. Lower lipoprotein lipase, leptin, and stearoyl-coenzyme A desaturase mRNA abundances were observed at d 7 postpartum in SAT of the HE cows compared with the CON cows. We concluded that prepartal ad libitum feeding of grass silage may decrease insulin sensitivity and lipogenesis in SAT during peripartal period and may attenuate the increase of hepatic gluconeogenic capacity from propionate compared with a controlled-energy diet.
Adipocyte dysfunction in a mouse model of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS): evidence of adipocyte hypertrophy and tissue-specific inflammation.; Clinical research shows an association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and chronic inflammation, a pathological state thought to contribute to insulin resistance. The underlying pathways, however, have not been defined. The purpose of this study was to characterize the inflammatory state of a novel mouse model of PCOS. Female mice lacking leptin and insulin receptors in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons (IR/LepR(POMC) mice) and littermate controls were evaluated for estrous cyclicity, ovarian and adipose tissue morphology, and body composition by QMR and CT scan. Tissue-specific macrophage infiltration and cytokine mRNA expression were measured, as well as circulating cytokine levels. Finally, glucose regulation during pregnancy was evaluated as a measure of risk for diabetes development. Forty-five percent of IR/LepR(POMC) mice showed reduced or absent ovulation. IR/LepR(POMC) mice also had increased fat mass and adipocyte hypertrophy. These traits accompanied elevations in macrophage accumulation and inflammatory cytokine production in perigonadal adipose tissue, liver, and ovary. These mice also exhibited gestational hyperglycemia as predicted. This report is the first to show the presence of inflammation in IR/LepR(POMC) mice, which develop a PCOS-like phenotype. Thus, IR/LepR(POMC) mice may serve as a new mouse model to clarify the involvement of adipose and liver tissue in the pathogenesis and etiology of PCOS, allowing more targeted research on the development of PCOS and potential therapeutic interventions.
Contraceptive choice for women with 'risk factors'.; Women with many medical conditions need to plan their families with special care. For such women, the risk of complications with particular contraceptive methods is increased. Women with severe hypertension, a previous myocardial infarction or venous thromboembolism, or cerebrovascular stroke have a significant risk of problems in pregnancy, and should avoid the combined pill. The combined pill may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus and may worsen the severity of migrainous headaches in susceptible patients. Women with active hepatitis should wait for liver function tests to normalise before becoming pregnant or starting the combined pill or injectable progestogen. Control of epilepsy may deteriorate with use of the combined pill; this is probably because of the risk of drug interactions. Similarly, contraceptive control may also fail in women receiving rifampicin (rifampin) concurrently with contraceptive steroids. Intrauterine contraceptive devices should not be used in women who have experienced previous episodes of pelvic inflammatory disease, or with previous malignancy of the genital tract until complete cure is likely. Other conditions which may appear, become more common or worsen when the combined pill is prescribed include hepatic adenoma, gall bladder disease, ulcerative colitis, alopecia, hirsutism and acne. Some of these conditions are potentially hazardous to the woman's health, in which case combined pill use should be stopped. If the condition is unchanged then the combined pill may sometimes be reintroduced with caution.
Comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis on physical health conditions in lesbian- and bisexual-identified women compared with heterosexual-identified women.; BACKGROUND: Sexual minority individuals experience discrimination, leading to mental health disparities. Physical health disparities have not been examined to the same extent in systematic reviews so far. OBJECTIVES: To provide a systematic review and, where possible, meta-analyses on the prevalence of physical health conditions in sexual minority women (i.e. lesbian- and bisexual-identified women) compared to heterosexual-identified women. DESIGN: The study design is a systematic review with meta-analyses. DATA SOURCES AND METHODS: A systematic literature search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, CINAHL, and Web of Science databases was conducted on epidemiologic studies on physical health conditions, classified in the Global Burden of Disease project, published between 2000 and 2021. Meta-analyses pooling odds ratios were calculated. RESULTS: In total, 23,649 abstracts were screened and 44 studies were included in the systematic review. Meta-analyses were run for arthritis, asthma, back pain, cancer, chronic kidney diseases, diabetes, headache disorders, heart attacks, hepatitis, hypertension, and stroke. Most significant differences in prevalence by sexual identity were found for chronic respiratory conditions, especially asthma. Overall, sexual minority women were significantly 1.5-2 times more likely to have asthma than heterosexual women. Furthermore, evidence of higher prevalence in sexual minority compared to heterosexual women was found for back pain, headaches/migraines, hepatitis B/C, periodontitis, urinary tract infections, and acne. In contrast, bisexual women had lower cancer rates. Overall, sexual minority women had lower odds of heart attacks, diabetes, and hypertension than heterosexual women (in terms of diabetes and hypertension possibly due to non-consideration of pregnancy-related conditions). CONCLUSION: We found evidence for physical health disparities by sexual identity. Since some of these findings rely on few comparisons only, this review emphasizes the need for routinely including sexual identity assessment in health research and clinical practice. Providing a more detailed picture of the prevalence of physical health conditions in sexual minority women may ultimately contribute to reducing health disparities.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Impairs Placental Fatty Acid β-Oxidation and Metabolic Homeostasis in the Offspring.; Maternal overnutrition can affect fetal growth and development, thus increasing susceptibility to obesity and diabetes in later life of the offspring. Placenta is the central organ connecting the developing fetus with the maternal environment. It is indicated placental fatty acid metabolism plays an essential role in affecting the outcome of the pregnancy and fetus. However, the role of placental fatty acid β-oxidation (FAO) in maternal overnutrition affecting glucose metabolism in the offspring remains unclear. In this study, C57BL/6J female mice were fed with normal chow or high-fat diet before and during pregnancy and lactation. The placenta and fetal liver were collected at gestation day 18.5, and the offspring's liver was collected at weaning. FAO-related genes and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling pathway were examined both in the placenta and in the human JEG-3 trophoblast cells. FAO-related genes were further examined in the liver of the fetuses and in the offspring at weaning. We found that dams fed with high-fat diet showed higher fasting blood glucose, impaired glucose tolerance at gestation day 14.5 and higher serum total cholesterol (T-CHO) at gestation day 18.5. The placental weight and lipid deposition were significantly increased in maternal high-fat diet group. At weaning, the offspring mice of high-fat diet group exhibited higher body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and increased serum T-CHO, compared with control group. We further found that maternal high-fat diet downregulated mRNA and protein expressions of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 (CPT2), a key enzyme in FAO, by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1α signaling pathway in the placenta. In JEG-3 cells, protein expressions of CPT2 and CPT1b were both downregulated by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1α signaling pathway under glucolipotoxic condition, but were later restored by the AMPK agonist 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxyamide ribonucleoside (AICAR). However, there was no difference in CPT2 and CPT1 gene expression in the liver of fetuses and offspring at weaning age. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet can impair gene expression involved in FAO in the placenta by downregulating the AMPK signaling pathway, and can cause glucose and lipid dysfunction of offspring at weaning, indicating that placental FAO may play a crucial role in regulating maternal overnutrition and metabolic health in the offspring.
Effects on metabolic parameters in young rats born with low birth weight after exposure to a mixture of pesticides.; Pesticide exposure during fetal life can lead to low birth weight and is commonly observed in reproductive toxicology studies. Associations have also been found in low birth weight babies born from pesticide-exposed gardeners. Since low birth weight is also linked to metabolic disorders, it can be speculated that early life exposure to pesticides could increase the risk of becoming obese or developing diabetes later in life. We have analyzed potential long-term effects of gestational and lactational exposure to a low dose mixture of six pesticides that individually can cause low birth weight: Cyromazine, MCPB, Pirimicarb, Quinoclamine, Thiram, and Ziram. Exposed male offspring, who were smaller than controls, displayed some degree of catch-up growth. Insulin and glucagon regulation was not significantly affected, and analyses of liver and pancreas did not reveal obvious histopathological effects. Efforts towards identifying potential biomarkers of metabolic disease-risk did not result in any strong candidates, albeit leptin levels were altered in exposed animals. In fat tissues, the key genes Lep, Nmb and Nmbr were altered in high dosed offspring, and were differentially expressed between sexes. Our results suggest that early-life exposure to pesticides may contribute to the development of metabolic disorders later in life.
Assessment of potential donors for living related liver transplantation.; BACKGROUND: Living related liver transplantation has been developed as an important potential source of organs for treatment of children with acute and chronic liver disease. A single UK centre performing living related liver transplantation was established in 1993. METHODS: Parents who were potential donors for their children for living related liver transplantation were assessed for suitability according to a protocol based on one developed and published by the University of Chicago Transplant Group. Records kept by the transplant coordinators were retrieved and data were extracted. RESULTS: Of 64 potential donors for 32 potential recipients ten were excluded at a preliminary stage. Fourteen ultimately became donors. Of 54 parents who began evaluation 23 were finally considered to be suitable. There were 19 non-disease-related reasons for unsuitability: blood group mismatch (eight cases), size discrepancy (six), pregnancy (two), oral contraceptive medication (one), vascular anatomy variant (one) and age (one). Sixteen were unsuitable because disease was found, namely fatty liver (four), thyroid disease (two), hepatitis B positivity (two), cardiac murmur (one), anaemia (one), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (one), diabetes mellitus (one) and psychological problems (one), and three parents were affected by the same disorder as the child (Alagille syndrome, one; mitochondrial disorder, one; recurrent cholestasis, one). Three parents were rejected for more than one reason. Both parents were unsuitable for donation in 21 per cent of cases. CONCLUSION: Parents approach living related liver transplantation with enthusiasm. They should be advised of the high chance of unsuitability, including the finding of significant pathology. The limitation of living related liver transplantation as the major source of organs for children is recognized.
[Insulin resistance].; Insulin sensitivity of insulin dependent tissues (muscle, adipose tissue, liver) is subject to a variety of influences. Any change in insulin sensitivity is compensated in healthy subjects by a dynamic change in insulin secretion, which will decrease following a rise in insulin sensitivity and increase if insulin sensitivity is impaired (i.e. during insulin resistance induced by obesity, pregnancy, oral contraceptives, dehydration, saturated fatty acids, fever, drugs, etc.). In contrast to secondary insulin resistance idiopathic insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic individuals is associated with impaired insulin secretion, which thus is unable to overcome impaired insulin sensitivity. Idiopathic insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes is additionally characterized by reduced glucose storage, the basis of which may reside in an insulin receptor defect, in the presence of insulin receptor antibodies, in a postreceptor defect or in the synthesis of abnormal insulin molecules.
GCN2 in the brain programs PPARγ2 and triglyceride storage in the liver during perinatal development in response to maternal dietary fat.; The liver plays a central role in regulating lipid metabolism and facilitates efficient lipid utilization and storage. We discovered that a modest increase in maternal dietary fat in mice programs triglyceride storage in the liver of their developing offspring. The activation of this programming is not apparent, however, until several months later at the adult stage. We found that the perinatal programming of adult hepatic triglyceride storage was controlled by the eIF2α kinase GCN2 (EIF2AK4) in the brain of the offspring, which stimulates epigenetic modification of the Pparγ2 gene in the neonatal liver. Genetic ablation of Gcn2 in the offspring exhibited reduced hepatic triglyceride storage and repressed expression of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2 (Pparγ2) and two lipid droplet protein genes, Fsp27 and Cidea. Brain-specific, but not liver-specific, Gcn2 KO mice exhibit these same defects demonstrating that GCN2 in the developing brain programs hepatic triglyceride storage. GCN2 and nutrition-dependent programming of Pparγ2 is correlated with trimethylation of lysine 4 of histone 3 (H3K4me3) in the Pparγ2 promoter region during neonatal development. In addition to regulating hepatic triglyceride in response to modest changes in dietary fat, Gcn2 deficiency profoundly impacts the severity of the obese-diabetic phenotype of the leptin receptor mutant (db/db) mouse, by reducing hepatic steatosis and obesity but exacerbating the diabetic phenotype. We suggest that GCN2-dependent perinatal programming of hepatic triglyceride storage is an adaptation to couple early nutrition to anticipated needs for hepatic triglyceride storage in adults. However, increasing the hepatic triglyceride set point during perinatal development may predispose individuals to hepatosteatosis, while reducing circulating fatty acid levels that promote insulin resistance.
Effects of body condition score on direct and indirect measurements of insulin sensitivity in periparturient dairy cows.; Reductions in insulin sensitivity in periparturient dairy cows develop as a means to support lactation; however, excessive mobilization of fatty acids (FA) increases the risk for peripartal metabolic disorders. Our objectives were to investigate the effect of prepartum body condition score (BCS) on systemic glucose and insulin tolerance, and to compare direct and indirect measurements of insulin sensitivity in peripartal lean and overweight dairy cows. Fourteen multiparous Holstein cows were allocated into two groups according to their BCS at day -28 prepartum: lean (n = 7; BCS ≤ 3.0) or overweight; (n = 7; BCS ≥ 4.0). Liver biopsies were performed on day -27, -14 and 4, relative to expected parturition. Intravenous insulin or glucose tolerances tests were performed following each liver biopsy. Relative to lean cows, overweight cows exhibited lower dry matter intake, lost more BCS and displayed increased plasma FA and β-hydroxybutyrate concentrations and elevated liver lipid content during peripartum. Glucose clearance rate was lower for all cows postpartum. Prepartum BCS had minimal effects on insulin and glucose tolerance; however, the ability of the cow to restore blood glucose levels following an insulin challenge was suppressed by increased BCS. Glucose-dependent parameters of insulin and glucose tolerance were not correlated with surrogate indices of insulin sensitivity. We conclude that prepartum BCS had minimal effect on systemic insulin sensitivity following parturition. The observed inconsistency between surrogate indices of insulin sensitivity and direct measurements of insulin and glucose tolerance adds support to growing concerns regarding their usefulness as tools to estimate systemic insulin action in periparturient cows.
Genetic Obesity in Pregnant A(y) Mice Does Not Affect Susceptibility to Obesity and Food Choice in Offspring.; Maternal diet and obesity (MO) may influence taste preferences and increase the susceptibility to obesity in offspring, but the impact of MO per se to these influences is poorly understood. We evaluated the influence of MO on food choice and susceptibility to obesity in offspring when mothers consumed a standard diet (SD). Mice with the Lethal yellow mutation (A(y)/a) develop obesity consuming an SD. Metabolic parameters were assessed in pregnant and lactating A(y)/a (obesity) and a/a (control) mothers. Metabolic response to the consumption of a sweet-fat diet (SFD: SD, lard, and sweet biscuits) and the choice of components of this diet were evaluated in their male and female offspring. Compared to control mothers, pregnant obese mothers had higher levels of insulin, leptin, and FGF21. MO increased food intake and liver expression of lipogenesis genes in male offspring consuming the SD. SFD consumption caused obesity development and insulin resistance, increased liver expression of glycolytic and lipogenesis genes, and affected hypothalamic expression of anorexigenic and orexigenic genes. In offspring of both sexes, MO had no effect on food choice and metabolic response to SFD intake. Therefore, when obese mothers consume a balanced diet, MO does not affect food choice and development of diet-induced obesity in offspring.
Insulin resistance syndrome in children.; The insulin resistance syndrome (syndrome X, metabolic syndrome) has become the major health problem of our times. Associated obesity, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes conspire to shorten life spans, while hyperandrogenism with polycystic ovarian syndrome affect the quality of life and fertility of increasing numbers of women. Whereas a growing number of single genetic diseases affecting satiety or energy metabolism have been found to produce the clinical phenotype, strong familial occurrences, especially in racially prone groups such as those from the Indian subcontinent, or individuals of African, Hispanic, and American Indian descents, together with emerging genetic findings, are revealing the polygenetic nature of the syndrome. However, the strong lifestyle factors of excessive carbohydrate and fat consumption and lack of exercise are important keys to the phenotypic expression of the syndrome. The natural history includes small for gestational age birth weight, excessive weight gains during childhood, premature pubarche, an allergic diathesis, acanthosis nigricans, striae compounded by gynecomastia, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatic steatosis, premature atherosclerosis, hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and focal glomerulonephritis appearing increasingly through adolescence into adulthood. Type 2 diabetes, which develops because of an inherent and/or an acquired failure of an insulin compensatory response, is increasingly seen from early puberty onward, as is atheromatous disease leading to coronary heart disease and stroke. A predisposition to certain cancers and Alzheimer's disease is also now recognized. The looming tragedy from growing numbers of individuals affected by obesity/insulin resistance syndrome requires urgent public health approaches directed at their early identification and intervention during childhood. Such measures include educating the public on the topic, limiting the consumption of sucrose-containing drinks and foods with high carbohydrate and fat contents, and promoting exercise programs in our nation's homes and schools.
Effect of high-fat diet for rats at different stages on glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring and related mechanisms.; OBJECTIVES: To study the effect of high-fat diet for maternal Sprague-Dawley rats at different stages on glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring and related mechanisms. METHODS: According to the diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation, maternal rats were randomly divided into four groups (n=9 each): CC (control diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation), HC (high-fat diet before pregnancy and control diet during pregnancy and lactation), CH (control diet before pregnancy and high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation), and HH (high-fat diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation), and all offspring rats were given control diet after weaning. The body weight of maternal rats was recorded before and during pregnancy. Male offspring rats were selected from each group at the juvenile stage (3-week old) and the adult stage (12-week old) to measure the levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and fasting insulin (FINS) and the levels of triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) in the liver. Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) index was calculated, and the area under the curve (AUC) was calculated for glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT). Lipid deposition in the liver was observed, and the mRNA and protein expression levels of the key genes in glucose and lipid metabolism (IR, IRS, and AKT), FASN, SREBP1c, and PPARα in the liver were also measured. RESULTS: Compared with the control diet groups (CC and CH groups), the groups with high-fat diet before pregnancy (HC and HH groups) had a significant increase in body weight (P<0.001). Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had a significantly greater increase in body weight (P<0.001). Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had significant increases in body weight, the levels of TG and TC in the liver, and the mRNA and protein expression levels of FASN, SREBP1c, and PPARα in the offspring rats at week 3 after birth (P<0.05), as well as a significant increase in lipid deposition in the liver, with the most significant increase of the parameters in the HH group. Compared with the CC group, the HH group had significant increases in the levels of FBG and FINS, HOMA-IR index, GTT-AUC, ITT-AUC, and the protein expression level of p-IRS in the liver and significant reductions in the mRNA and protein expression levels of IR and IRS in the liver in the offspring rats at week 3 after birth (P<0.05). Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had significant increases in body weight, the levels of FBG and FINS, HOMA-IR index, GTT-AUC, ITT-AUC, the levels of TG and TC in the liver, protein expression level of p-IRS in the liver, and the mRNA and protein expression levels of FASN, SREBP1c, and PPARα in the offspring rats at week 12 after birth (P<0.05), as well as a significant increase in lipid deposition in the liver, with the most increase of the parameters in the HH group. Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had significant reductions in the mRNA expression levels of IR, IRS, and AKT and the protein expression levels of IR, IRS, and p-AKT in the offspring rats at week 12 after birth (P<0.05). There were no significant differences in the levels of glucose and lipid metabolism between the HC and CH groups at various stages (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: High-fat diet for rats at different stages before and after pregnancy has different effects on glucose and lipid metabolism of offspring rats, and high-fat diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation has the greatest effect. The effect of high-fat diet on glucose and lipid metabolism of offspring rats is considered associated with the changes in the expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism.
Sucrose feeding during pregnancy and lactation elicits distinct metabolic response in offspring of an inbred genetic model of metabolic syndrome.; The importance of early environment, including maternal diet during pregnancy, is suspected to play a major role in pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome and related conditions. One of the proposed mechanisms is a mismatch between the prenatal and postnatal environments, leading to misprogramming of the metabolic and signaling pathways of the developing fetus. We assessed whether the exposure to high-sucrose diet (HSD) alleviates the detrimental effects of sucrose feeding in later life (predictive adaptive hypothesis) in a highly inbred model of metabolic syndrome, the PD/Cub rat. Rat dams were continuously fed either standard or HSD (70% calories as sucrose) starting 1 wk before breeding, throughout pregnancy, at birth, and until weaning of the offspring. After weaning, all male offspring were fed HSD until the age of 20 wk, when detailed metabolic and morphometric profiles were ascertained. The early life exposure to a sucrose-rich diet resulted in distinct responses to longtime postnatal HSD feeding. Offspring of the sucrose-fed mothers displayed higher adiposity and substantial increases in triglyceride liver content together with unfavorable distribution of cholesterol into lipoprotein subfractions. On the other hand, their adiponectin concentrations were significantly higher, and insulin sensitivity of skeletal muscle was enhanced compared with the offspring of standard diet-fed mothers. Triglycerides, free fatty acids, overall glucose tolerance, and the insulin sensitivity of adipose tissue were comparable in both groups. In the genetically identical animals, maternal HSD feeding elicited a variety of subtle effects but did not lead to predictive adaptive protection from most HSD-induced metabolic derangements.
Effects of late gestational high-fat diet on body weight, metabolic regulation and adipokine expression in offspring.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational exposures such as dietary changes can alter offspring phenotype through epigenetic modifications and promote increased risk for specific diseases, such as metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that high-fat diet (HFD) during late gestation would lead increased risk for insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia via associated epigenetic alterations in tissue adipocytokine genes. METHODS: Offspring mice of mothers fed a HFD during late gestation (HFDO) were weighed and their food intake measured weekly till age 20 weeks at which time glucose and insulin tolerance tests, plasma lipid and adipocytokine levels were assessed, as well as mRNA expression in visceral fat. Adipocytokine gene methylation levels in visceral fat, liver and muscle were also assayed. RESULTS: HFDO mice had increased weight accrual and food intake, and exhibited insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia and hyperleptinemia, as well as hypoadiponectinemia. Furthermore, increased methylation of adiponectin and leptin receptor, and decreased methylation of leptin genes with unchanged glucagon-like peptide-1 methylation patterns emerged in HFDO mice. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, late gestational HFD induces increased risk of metabolic syndrome in the progeny, which is coupled with hypoadiponectinemia as well as with leptin resistance, and concomitant presence of selective tissue-based epigenetic changes among adipocytokine genes.
Developmental exposure to indoor flame retardants and hypothalamic molecular signatures: Sex-dependent reprogramming of lipid homeostasis.; Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are a class of flame-retardant organohalogen pollutants that act as endocrine/neuroendocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs). In humans, exposure to brominated flame retardants (BFR) or other environmentally persistent organic pollutants (POPs) such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and novel organophosphate flame retardants has been associated with increasing trends of diabetes and metabolic disease. However, the effects of PBDEs on metabolic processes and their associated sex-dependent features are poorly understood. The metabolic-disrupting effects of perinatal exposure to industrial penta-PBDE mixture, DE-71, on male and female progeny of C57BL/6N mouse dams were examined in adulthood. Dams were exposed to environmentally relevant doses of PBDEs daily for 10 weeks (p.o.): 0.1 (L-DE-71) and 0.4 mg/kg/d (H-DE-71) and offspring parameters were compared to corn oil vehicle controls (VEH/CON). The following lipid metabolism indices were measured: plasma cholesterol, triglycerides, adiponectin, leptin, and liver lipids. L-DE-71 female offspring were particularly affected, showing hypercholesterolemia, elevated liver lipids and fasting plasma leptin as compared to same-sex VEH/CON, while L- and H-DE-71 male F1 only showed reduced plasma adiponectin. Using the quantitative Folch method, we found that mean liver lipid content was significantly elevated in L-DE-71 female offspring compared to controls. Oil Red O staining revealed fatty liver in female offspring and dams. General measures of adiposity, body weight, white and brown adipose tissue (BAT), and lean and fat mass were weighed or measured using EchoMRI. DE-71 did not produce abnormal adiposity, but decreased BAT depots in L-DE-71 females and males relative to same-sex VEH/CON. To begin to address potential central mechanisms of deregulated lipid metabolism, we used RT-qPCR to quantitate expression of hypothalamic genes in energy-regulating circuits that control lipid homeostasis. Both doses of DE-71 sex-dependently downregulated hypothalamic expression of Lepr, Stat3, Mc4r, Agrp, Gshr in female offspring while H-DE-71 downregulated Npy in exposed females relative to VEH/CON. In contrast, exposed male offspring displayed upregulated Stat3 and Mc4r. Intestinal barrier integrity was measured using FITC-dextran since it can lead to systemic inflammation that leads to liver damage and metabolic disease, but was not affected by DE-71 exposure. These findings indicate that maternal transfer of PBDEs disproportionately endangers female offspring to lipid metabolic reprogramming that may exaggerate risk for adult metabolic disease.
Temporal changes in sphingolipids and systemic insulin sensitivity during the transition from gestation to lactation.; Reduced insulin action develops naturally during the peripartum to ensure maternal nutrient delivery to the fetus and neonate. However, increased insulin resistance can facilitate excessive lipolysis which in turn promotes metabolic disease in overweight dairy cattle. Increased fatty acid availability favors the accumulation of the sphingolipid ceramide and is implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, however, the relationship between sphingolipid metabolism and insulin resistance during the peripartum remains largely unknown. Our objectives were to characterize temporal responses in plasma and tissue sphingolipids in lean and overweight peripartal cows and to establish the relationships between sphingolipid supply and lipolysis, hepatic lipid deposition, and systemic insulin action. Twenty-one multiparous lean and overweight Holstein cows were enrolled in a longitudinal study spanning the transition from gestation to lactation (d -21 to 21, relative to parturition). Plasma, liver, and skeletal muscle samples were obtained, and sphingolipids were profiled using LC/MS/MS. Insulin sensitivity was assessed utilizing intravenous insulin and glucose challenges. Our results demonstrated the following: first, insulin resistance develops postpartum concurrently with increased lipolysis and hepatic lipid accumulation; second, ceramides and glycosylated ceramides accumulate during the transition from gestation to lactation and are further elevated in overweight cows; third, ceramide accrual is associated with lipolysis and liver lipid accumulation, and C16:0- and C24:0-ceramide are inversely associated with systemic insulin sensitivity postpartum; fourth, plasma sphingomyelin, a potential source of ceramides reaches a nadir at parturition and is closely associated with feed intake; fifth, select sphingomyelins are lower in the plasma of overweight cows during the peripartal period. Our results demonstrate that dynamic changes occur in peripartal sphingolipids that are influenced by adiposity, and are associated with the onset of peripartal insulin resistance. These observations are in agreement with a putative potential role for sphingolipids in facilitating the physiological adaptations of peripartum.
Adverse organogenesis and predisposed long-term metabolic syndrome from prenatal exposure to fine particulate matter.; Exposure to fine particulate matter (PM) during pregnancy is associated with high risks of birth defects/fatality and adverse long-term postnatal health. However, limited mechanistic data are available to assess the detailed impacts of prenatal PM exposure. Here we evaluate fine PM exposure during pregnancy on prenatal/postnatal organogenesis in offspring and in predisposing metabolic syndrome for adult life. Between days 0 and 18 of gestation, two groups of adult female rats (n = 10 for each) were placed in a dual-exposure chamber device, one with clean ambient air (∼3 µg·m(-3)) and the other with ambient air in the presence of 100 to 200 µg·m(-3) of ultrafine aerosols of ammonium sulfate. At birth (postnatal day 0, PND0), four males and four females were selected randomly from each litter to be nursed by dams, whereas tissues were collected from the remaining pups. At PND21, tissues were collected from two males and two females, whereas the remaining pups were fed either a high- or low-fat diet until PND105, when tissues were obtained for biochemical and physiological analyses. Maternal exposure to fine PM increased stillbirths; reduced gestation length and birth weight; increased concentrations of glucose and free fatty acids in plasma; enhanced lipid accumulation in the liver; and decreased endothelium-dependent relaxation of aorta. This lead to altered organogenesis and predisposed progeny to long-term metabolic defects in an age-, organ-, and sex-specific manner. Our results highlight the necessity to develop therapeutic strategies to remedy adverse health effects of maternal PM exposure on conceptus/postnatal growth and development.
Impact of maternal fructose intake on liver stem/progenitor cells in offspring: Insights into developmental origins of health and disease.; AIMS: The developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD) theory postulates that poor nutrition during fetal life increases the risk of disease later in life. Excessive fructose intake has been associated with obesity, diabetes, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and maternal fructose intake during pregnancy has been shown to affect offspring health. In this study, we investigated the effects of high maternal fructose intake on the liver stem/progenitor cells of offspring. MAIN METHOD: A fructose-based DOHaD model was established using Sprague-Dawley rats. Small hepatocytes (SHs), which play an important role in liver development and regeneration, were isolated from the offspring of dams that were fed a high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) diet. The gene expression and DNA methylation patterns were analyzed on postnatal day (PD) 21 and 60. KEY FINDINGS: Maternal HFCS intake did not affect body weight or caloric intake, but differences in gene expression and DNA methylation patterns were observed in the SHs of offspring. Functional analysis revealed an association between metabolic processes and ion transport. SIGNIFICANCE: These results suggest that maternal fructose intake affects DNA methylation and gene expression in the liver stem/progenitor cells of offspring. Furthermore, the prolonged retention of these changes in gene expression and DNA methylation in adulthood (PD 60) suggests that maternal fructose intake may exert lifelong effects. These findings provide insights into the DOHaD for liver-related disorders and highlight the importance of maternal nutrition for the health of the next generation.
Effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female offspring.; It is increasingly recognized that intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased risk of metabolic disorders in late life. Previous studies showed that mice exposed to LPS in late gestation induced fetal IUGR. The present study investigated the effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female adult offspring. Pregnant mice were intraperitoneally injected with LPS (50 µg/kg) daily from gestational day (GD)15 to GD17. After lactation, female pups were fed with standard-chow diets (SD) or high-fat diets (HFD). Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were assessed 8 and 12 weeks after diet intervention. Hepatic triglyceride content was examined 12 weeks after diet intervention. As expected, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy resulted in fetal IUGR. Although there was an increasing trend on fat mass in female offspring whose dams were exposed to LPS during pregnancy, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not elevate the levels of fasting blood glucose and serum insulin and hepatic triglyceride content in female adult offspring. Moreover, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not alter insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue and liver in female adult offspring. Further analysis showed that maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not exacerbate HFD-induced glucose tolerance and insulin resistance in female adult offspring. In addition, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not aggravate HFD-induced elevation of hepatic triglyceride content in female adult offspring. In conclusion, LPS-induced IUGR does not alter metabolic phenotypes in adulthood.
Insulin resistance: Relationship between indices during late gestation in dairy cows and effects on newborn metabolism.; To investigate the relationship between insulin resistance indices ["Revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index" (RQUICKI; RQ), "Revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index - β-hydroxybutyrate" (RQUICKI(BHB) ; RQ(BHB) ), and "Homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance" (HOMA-IR; HR)], and metabolic parameters in dams during late gestation, and their newborn calves. Blood was sampled twice weekly during the experimental period in 30 dry Holstein cows. In calves, blood sampling and body weight measurements were performed immediately after birth, and in 1-week-old male calves, liver and muscle biopsy samples were obtained for determining metabolic factor mRNA levels. RQ and RQ(BHB) were negatively correlated with insulin, nonesterified fatty acid, BHB, and albumin and were positively correlated with leptin levels in blood during late gestation (p < .05). RQ, rather than RQ(BHB) , reflected metabolism of dams, while stronger positive correlations were present between HR and blood insulin concentrations than other parameters, and calves of dams with high HR had low body weight, and high liver and muscle expression of growth hormone and insulin receptor mRNA (p < .05). RQ and HR of dams during late gestation could serve as indicators of dam metabolism and predictors of metabolism in newborn calves respectively.
Kynurenines and vitamin B6: link between diabetes and depression.; The increased association between depression and diabetes mellitus is generally acknowledged. Recent studies suggest that depression leads to diabetes. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms for this association remain unclear. Literature and our data indicate that inflammatory and/or stress factors in depression up-regulate tryptophan (TRP) conversion into kynurenine (KYN), a substrate for nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) biosynthesis. Deficiency of vitamin B6, a cofactor of the key enzymes of KYN - NAD pathway, shunts KYN metabolism from formation of NAD towards production of xanthurenic (XA) and kynurenic (KYNA) acids. Human and experimental studies reveal that XA, KYNA and their metabolites interfere with production, release and biological activity of insulin. We propose that inflammation- and/or stress-induced up-regulation of TRP - KYN metabolism in combination with vitamin B6 deficiency is one of the mechanisms mediating increased risk of diabetes in depression. Consequently, monitoring formation of diabetogenic KYN derivatives might help to identify subjects-at-risk for the development of diabetes. Pharmacological down-regulation of the TRP - KYN - NAD pathway and maintenance of adequate vitamin B6 status might help to prevent the development of diabetes in depression and other conditions associated with inflammation/stress- induced excessive production of KYN and vitamin B6 deficiency, e.g., obesity, cardiovascular diseases, aging, menopause, pregnancy, and hepatitis C virus infection.
Pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome X and its links to the perinatal period.; It is proposed that metabolic syndrome X is initiated in the perinatal period as a low-grade systemic inflammatory condition. Increased consumption of energy-dense diets by pregnant women and lactating mothers suppresses the activities of Delta-6 and Delta-5 desaturases not only in maternal tissues but also in fetal liver and the placenta, resulting in decreased plasma and tissue concentrations of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-6 arachidonic acid (AA), omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). EPA, DHA, and AA have negative feedback control on tumor necrosis factor-alpha and IL-6 synthesis. Hence, EPA, DHA, and AA deficiencies induced by an energy-dense diet increase generation of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6, markers of inflammation that in turn decrease production of endothelial nitric oxide and adiponectin to induce insulin resistance in maternal and fetal tissues. Increased concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6 enhance expression and activity of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 enzyme, which produces abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, hyperphagia, and hyperleptinemia, characteristic features of metabolic syndrome X. Continued consumption of an energy-dense diet in childhood aggravates these molecular events. This implies that supplementation of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (especially AA, EPA, and DHA in appropriate ratios) from the perinatal period through adulthood could prevent, arrest, or postpone development of metabolic syndrome X.
Fructose intake during pregnancy up-regulates the expression of maternal and fetal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c in rats.; Excess fructose consumption is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes and obesity. However, the impact of fructose intake on maternal and fetal lipid metabolism during pregnancy is not known. The aim of this study was to examine whether maternal fructose intake during pregnancy would affect fetal and maternal hepatic lipid metabolism. Pregnant Wistar rats were randomly divided into untreated control and fructose-treated groups; the fructose-treated group received fructose via drinking water throughout pregnancy. On gestational day 20, glucose and insulin concentration in the maternal plasma were measured. The mRNA expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1c and its target genes in the liver of dams and fetuses were analyzed by real-time PCR. Significantly higher maternal plasma glucose levels, indicating hyperglycemia, was observed in the fructose-treated group than in the control group. Furthermore, the fructose-treated group showed significantly higher expression levels of both maternal and fetal SREBP-1c mRNA and protein and significantly elevated expression of fatty acid synthase; the group also showed reduced acyl-CoA oxidase levels in the maternal liver. Thus, our results suggest that maternal fructose intake during pregnancy causes maternal hyperglycemia and up-regulates hepatic SREBP-1c expression in both fetuses and dams. This may lead to defects in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in the adult offspring.
Free fatty acids (FFA), a link between obesity and insulin resistance.; Evidence, gained from human studies, is reviewed showing that elevation of plasma FFA levels produce peripheral and probably also hepatic insulin resistance in obese healthy and diabetic subjects. First, plasma FFA levels are elevated in most obese subjects. Second, physiological elevations of plasma FFA inhibit acutely as well as chronically insulin stimulated glucose uptake in a dose dependent fashion. Responsible for this inhibition is a FFA induced defect in insulin stimulated glucose transport and/or phosphorylation which develops after 3-4 hours of raising plasma FFA and a second defect, consisting of inhibition of glycogen synthase, the rate limiting enzyme of glycogen synthesis, which develops after 4-6 hours. FFA induced inhibition of fatty acid oxidation (Randle effect) does not affect insulin stimulated glucose uptake or glycogen synthesis and thus does not cause insulin resistance. Elevated plasma FFA levels also modestly increase insulin suppressed endogenous glucose production (EGP) although this effect has not been found by all investigators. The reasons why it has been difficult to demonstrate unequivocal effects of FFA on EGP include 1) the fact that FFA promote insulin secretion which counteracts its effect on EGP (FFA increase, while insulin decreases EGP); 2) the recognition that FFA induced increase in gluconeogenesis may be compensated by intrahepatic downregulation of EGP (i.e., by a decrease in glycogenolysis). The FFA induced insulin resistance is physiologically important during starvation by preserving carbohydrate for oxidation in the central nervous system and during pregnancy, where the well recognized accelerated starvation pattern provides carbohydrate for the growing fetus. In obesity, however, there is no need to spare carbohydrate and the FFA induced insulin resistance may result in type 2 diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors.
A maternal high-fat, high-sucrose diet alters insulin sensitivity and expression of insulin signalling and lipid metabolism genes and proteins in male rat offspring: effect of folic acid supplementation.; A maternal high-fat, high-sucrose (HFS) diet alters offspring glucose and lipid homoeostasis through unknown mechanisms and may be modulated by folic acid. We investigated the effect of a maternal HFS diet on glucose homoeostasis, expression of genes and proteins associated with insulin signalling and lipid metabolism and the effect of prenatal folic acid supplementation (HFS/F) in male rat offspring. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly fed control (CON), HFS or HFS/F diets. Offspring were weaned on CON; at postnatal day 70, fasting plasma insulin and glucose and liver and skeletal muscle gene and protein expression were measured. Treatment effects were assessed by one-way ANOVA. Maternal HFS diet induced higher fasting glucose in offspring v. HFS/F (P=0·027) and down-regulation (P<0·05) of genes coding for v-Akt murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog 2, resistin and v-Raf-1 murine leukaemia viral oncogene homolog 1 (Raf1) in offspring skeletal muscle and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (Acaca), fatty acid synthase and phosphatidylinositol-4,5-biphosphate 3-kinase, catalytic subunit β in offspring liver. Skeletal muscle neuropeptide Y and hepatic Kruppel-like factor 10 were up-regulated in HFS v. CON offspring (P<0·05). Compared with CON, Acaca and Raf1 protein expression levels were significantly lower in HFS offspring. Maternal HFS induced higher homoeostasis model of assessment index of insulin resistance v. CON (P=0·030) and HFS/F was associated with higher insulin (P=0·016) and lower glucose (P=0·025). Maternal HFS diet alters offspring insulin sensitivity and de novo hepatic lipogenesis via altered gene and protein expression, which appears to be potentiated by folate supplementation.
Zingiber officinale Rosc. in the Treatment of Metabolic Syndrome Disorders-A Review of In Vivo Studies.; Inflammation is a protective reaction of the innate immune system as a response to imbalances caused by a specific stimulus, a disease or a pathogen. A prolonged inflammatory condition may lead to the development of metabolic syndrome, which affects more than one-fourth of the world's population. This condition leads to the development of multi-organ disorders based on disrupted blood lipid and sugar levels, hypertension and oxidative stress. The review aims to present Zingiber officinale Rosc. as a plant that exhibits a variety of healing properties and restores the organism's equilibrium. Ginger (GI) rhizomes have been commonly used in traditional medicine to treat arthritis, stomach ache, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, rheumatism, nervous system syndromes, asthma, diabetes and nausea caused by pregnancy or chemotherapy. This review gathers together data from in vivo experiments related to the application of ginger for the treatment of inflammatory conditions, obesity, diabetes and other related disorders as a consequence of metabolic syndrome, including the confirmed molecular mechanisms of action.
Metabolic disorders of cattle.; Goldberger discovered human pellagra was a non-infectious disease, affecting mostly the small and the timid in overcrowded institutions. Symptoms were diarrhoea, dermatitis and dementia. The staff and older children escaped the disease. They ate the meat and left the small and timid with the gravy. The 'Goldberger syndrome' is observed during competitive feeding of livestock, in ketotic animals and in the zinc depleted which are lethargic and pick all day at their feed. The pellagra preventative factor was later found to be nicotinic acid, derived from the amino acid tryptophan. Deficiencies of copper, magnesium, vitamin B6 (activated by a zinc kinase) inhibit the conversion of tryptophan to nicotinic acid. Stresses, including liver diseases, malabsorption, iron overload, porphyria, marasmus, cold stress, pregnancy, lactation, antibiotics and sulfa drugs, all increase dietary needs of nicotinic acid. Elevated free fatty acids and ketone bodies in the blood are associated with ketosis, zinc depletion and the pre-diabetic state. There is a diminished uptake of glucose by the tissues, a condition also found in parturient paresis of dairy cows when elevated hydrocortisone promotes insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia. This defect in insulin response leads to a diabetic-like state. The major predisposing factor in parturient paresis of dairy cows is hypocalcaemia. Gut absorption of dietary calcium may not meet the primary demands of lactation initiation until bone calcium mobilisation is established.
The combination of maternal and offspring high-fat diets causes marked oxidative stress and development of metabolic syndrome in mouse offspring.; Maternal overnutrition (e.g., high-fat (HF) diet) during pregnancy and lactation is believed to cause oxidative stress and increase the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring. In the present study, we investigated the effects of both maternal and offspring HF diets on metabolic syndrome risk and oxidative stress profiles in mice. Dams of the C57BL/6J mouse strain were fed a HF or control (CO) diet during gestation and lactation. Offspring were weaned at 3weeks of age. The female offspring were sacrificed at weaning, while the males were maintained on the HF or CO diet until 11weeks of age. Tissue samples, including those from liver, were collected from offspring at 3 and 11weeks of age, and lipids, phosphatidylcholine hydroperoxide (PCOOH, an oxidative stress marker), and gene expression were evaluated. Accumulation of lipids, but not PCOOH, was found in the livers of 3-week-old offspring from dams fed the HF diet. When the offspring were maintained on a HF diet until 11weeks of age, marked accumulation of both liver lipids and PCOOH was observed. PCOOH manifestation was supported by the expression of genes such as Gpx4, encoding a PCOOH degrading enzyme. These results suggest that the combination of maternal and offspring overnutrition causes marked oxidative stress in offspring, which accelerates metabolic syndrome. The present findings in offspring from infancy to adulthood may be useful for better understanding the cause-and-effect relationships between oxidative stress and metabolic syndrome development.
Crossbred Sows Fed a Western Diet during Pre-Gestation, Gestation, Lactation, and Post-Lactation Periods Develop Signs of Lean Metabolic Syndrome That Are Partially Attenuated by Spirulina Supplementation.; Excessive dietary intake of fats and sugars ("Western diet", WD) is one of the leading causes of obesity. The consumption of the microalga Arthrospira platensis (spirulina, Sp) is increasing due to its presumed health benefits. Both WD and Sp are also consumed by pregnant and breastfeeding women. This study investigated if gestating and lactating domestic pigs are an appropriate model for WD-induced metabolic disturbances similar to those observed in humans and if Sp supplementation may attenuate any of these adverse effects. Pigs were fed a WD high in fat, sugars, and cholesterol or a control diet. Half of the animals per diet group were supplemented with 20 g Sp per day. The WD did not increase body weight or adipose tissue accumulation but led to metabolic impairments such as higher cholesterol concentration in plasma, lower IGF1 plasma levels, and signs of hepatic damage compared to the control group. Spirulina supplementation could not reduce all the metabolic impairments observed in WD-fed animals. These findings indicate limited suitability of gestating and lactating domestic pigs as a model for WD but a certain potential of low-dose Sp supplementation to partially attenuate negative WD effects.
Maternal manganese restriction increases susceptibility to high-fat diet-induced dyslipidemia and altered adipose function in WNIN male rat offspring.; Growth in utero is largely a reflection of nutrient and oxygen supply to the foetus. We studied the effects of Mn restriction per se, maternal Mn restriction, and postnatal high-fat feeding in modulating body composition, lipid metabolism and adipocyte function in Wistar/NIN (WNIN) rat offspring. Female weanling, WNIN rats received ad libitum for 4 months, a control or Mn-restricted diet and were mated with control males. Some restricted mothers were rehabilitated with control diet from conception (MnRC) or parturition (MnRP), and their offspring were raised on control diet. Some restricted offspring were weaned onto control diet (MnRW), while others continued on restricted diet throughout (MnR). A set of offspring from each group was fed high-fat diet from 9 months onwards. Body composition, adipocytes function, and lipid metabolism were monitored in male rat offspring at regular intervals. Maternal manganese restriction increased the susceptibility of the offspring to high-fat-induced adiposity, dyslipidaemia, and a proinflammatory state but did not affect their glycemic or insulin status.
Insulin resistance of gluconeogenic pathways in neonatal rats after prenatal ethanol exposure.; Alcohol exposure during pregnancy is associated with fetal growth restriction and programs the offspring to insulin resistance later in life. The underlying mechanisms are still uncertain, but a dysregulation of gluconeogenesis and adipose hormones may be contributory. Newborn rats from dams that had been given ethanol (EtOH) or water (controls) during pregnancy were studied. Adiponectin mRNA was determined in subcutaneous fat by RT-PCR, and serum adiponectin was measured by RIA. Subsets of rats were killed before and after intraperitoneal administration of insulin, to determine, by RT-PCR, the hepatic expression of gluconeogenic enzymes and that of the transcription factor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-coactivator (PGC)-1, which promotes gluconeogenesis. EtOH offspring had delayed hypoglycemic response to insulin but normal adiponectin mRNA and serum levels compared with controls. The inhibitory response of the gluconeogenic enzyme phosphoenol- pyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and PGC-1 mRNAs to insulin was blunted in EtOH offspring compared with controls. The data suggest that intrauterine EtOH exposure causes insulin resistance of genes for PGC-1 and PEPCK early in life.
Circulating exosomes decrease in size and increase in number between birth and age 7: relations to fetal growth and liver fat.; PURPOSE: Exosomes play a key role in cell-to-cell communication by transferring their cargo to target tissues. Little is known on the course of exosome size and number in infants and children. METHODS: Longitudinally, we assessed the size and number of circulating exosomes at birth and at ages 2 and 7 yr in 75 infants/children born appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA; n=40) or small-for-gestational-age (SGA; n=35 with spontaneous catch-up), and related those results to concomitantly assessed measures of endocrine-metabolic health (HOMA-IR; IGF-1), body composition (by DXA at ages 0 and 2) and abdominal fat partitioning (subcutaneous, visceral and hepatic fat by MRI at age 7). RESULTS: Circulating exosomes of AGAs decreased in size (on average by 4.2%) and increased in number (on average by 77%) between birth and age 7. Circulating exosomes of SGAs (as compared to those of AGAs) had a larger size at birth [146.8 vs 137.8 nm, respectively; p=0.02], and were in lower number at ages 2 [4.3x10(11) vs 5.6x10(11) particles/mL, respectively; p=0.01] and 7 [6.3x10(11) vs 6.8x10(11) particles/mL, respectively; p=0.006]. Longitudinal changes were thus more pronounced in SGAs for exosome size, and in AGAs for exosome number. At age 7, exosome size associated (P<0.0001) to liver fat in the whole study population. CONCLUSION: Early-life changes in circulating exosomes include a minor decrease in size and a major increase in number, and these changes may be influenced by fetal growth. Exosome size may become one of the first circulating markers of liver fat in childhood.
Dwarfism and insulin resistance in male offspring caused by α1-adrenergic antagonism during pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal and environmental factors control the epigenetic fetal programming of the embryo, thereby defining the susceptibility for metabolic or endocrine disorders in the offspring. Pharmacological interventions required as a consequence of gestational problems, e.g. hypertension, can potentially interfere with correct fetal programming. As epigenetic alterations are usually only revealed later in life and not detected in studies focusing on early perinatal outcomes, little is known about the long-term epigenetic effects of gestational drug treatments. We sought to test the consequences of maternal α1-adrenergic antagonism during pregnancy, which can occur e.g. during hypertension treatment, for the endocrine and metabolic phenotype of the offspring. METHODS: We treated C57BL/6NCrl female mice with the α1-adrenergic antagonist prazosin during pregnancy and analyzed the male and female offspring for endocrine and metabolic abnormalities. RESULTS: Our data revealed that maternal α1-adrenergic blockade caused dwarfism, elevated body temperature, and insulin resistance in male offspring, accompanied by reduced IGF-1 serum concentrations as the result of reduced hepatic growth hormone receptor (Ghr) expression. We subsequently identified increased CpG DNA methylation at the transcriptional start site of the alternative Ghr promotor caused by the maternal treatment, which showed a strong inverse correlation to hepatic Ghr expression. CONCLUSIONS: Our results demonstrate that maternal α1-adrenergic blockade can constitute an epigenetic cause for dwarfism and insulin resistance. The findings are of immediate clinical relevance as combined α/β-adrenergic blockers are first-line treatment of maternal hypertension.
In Utero Exposure to a High-Fat Diet Programs Hepatic Hypermethylation and Gene Dysregulation and Development of Metabolic Syndrome in Male Mice.; Exposure to a high-fat (HF) diet in utero is associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome later in life. However, the molecular basis of this enhanced susceptibility for metabolic disease is poorly understood. Gene expression microarray and genome-wide DNA methylation analyses of mouse liver revealed that exposure to a maternal HF milieu activated genes of immune response, inflammation, and hepatic dysfunction. DNA methylation analysis revealed 3360 differentially methylated loci, most of which (76%) were hypermethylated and distributed preferentially to hotspots on chromosomes 4 [atherosclerosis susceptibility quantitative trait loci (QTLs) 1] and 18 (insulin-dependent susceptibility QTLs 21). Interestingly, we found six differentially methylated genes within these hotspot QTLs associated with metabolic disease that maintain altered gene expression into adulthood (Arhgef19, Epha2, Zbtb17/Miz-1, Camta1 downregulated; and Ccdc11 and Txnl4a upregulated). Most of the hypermethylated genes in these hotspots are associated with cardiovascular system development and function. There were 140 differentially methylated genes that showed a 1.5-fold increase or decrease in messenger RNA levels. Many of these genes play a role in cell signaling pathways associated with metabolic disease. Of these, metalloproteinase 9, whose dysregulation plays a key role in diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease, was upregulated 1.75-fold and hypermethylated in the gene body. In summary, exposure to a maternal HF diet causes DNA hypermethylation, which is associated with long-term gene expression changes in the liver of exposed offspring, potentially contributing to programmed development of metabolic disease later in life.
[Maternal characteristics of a cohort of pregnant women with HIV-1 infection].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The main strategies to avoid the vertical transmission of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) is antiretroviral treatment during pregnancy, delivery and to the newborn. Nevertheless, there are scant data about safety of antiretroviral drugs and follow-up studies with a large number of pregnant women are needed. The aims of our study are: to assess toxicity associated with antiretroviral treatment, to determine vertical transmission, and to define epidemiological trends within this population. In this paper we present maternal characteristics of the cohort. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Observational, multicentric, collaborative study about an HIV-1 infected pregnant women cohort and their offspring (666 and 686 cases, respectively) who were born during the study period (from January or May 2000 to 31st december 2003). RESULTS: Most pregnant women were infected by heterosexual transmission (54%). 71% women were included in stage A of the Centers for Disease Control classification of HIV infection and 74% women have received high activity antiretroviral treatment during pregnancy. Prevalence of adverse effects treatment-related was 7%, mainly anaemia related to treatment with zidovudine. We found 6 cases of vertical transmission among 686 newborns (0.8%; 95% confidence interval, 0.3-1.8). CONCLUSIONS: Most patients received highly active antiretroviral treatment, with a good tolerance and a low prevalence of adverse effects related to the treatment. Vertical transmission rate is very low, not higher than 1%. Apart from this, is necessary to pay attention to other phenomena like hepatitis C virus coinfection, other potentially serious adverse effects like hepatotoxicity and pregnancy-related pathologies more frequent in this population, like prematurity and gestational diabetes.
Critical periods of increased fetal vulnerability to a maternal high fat diet.; BACKGROUND: Fetal adaptations to high fat (HF) diet in utero (IU) that may predispose to Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) in adulthood include changes in fetal hepatic gene expression. Studies were performed to determine whether maternal exposure to HF diet at different stages during pregnancy had different effects on the fetus, including hepatic gene expression. METHODS: Female wild type mice were fed either a HF or breeding chow (C) for 2 wks prior to mating. The experimental groups were composed of embryonic day (e) 18.5 fetuses obtained from WT female mice that were fed HF (HF, 35.5% fat) or breeding chow (C, 9.5% fat) for 2 wk before mating until e9.5 of pregnancy (periconception-midpregnancy). At e9.5 dams were switched to the opposite diet (C-HF or HF-C). RESULTS: Exposure to HF diet throughout pregnancy reduced maternal weight gain compared to C diet (p < 0.02 HF vs. C). HF-C dams had significantly decreased adiponectin levels and litter size when compared to C-HF (p < 0.02 HF-C vs C-HF). Independent of the timing of exposure to HF, fetal weight and length were significantly decreased when compared to C diet (HF, C-HF and HF-C vs. C p < 0.02). HF diet during the second half of pregnancy increased expression of genes in the fetal liver associated with fetal growth (C-HF vs C p < 0.001), glucose production (C-HF vs C p < 0.04), oxidative stress and inflammation (C-HF vs C p < 0.01) compared to C diet. CONCLUSIONS: This model defines that there are critical periods during gestation in which the fetus is actively shaped by the environment. Early exposure to a HF diet determines litter size while exposure to HF during the second half of pregnancy leads to dysregulation of expression of key genes responsible for fetal growth, hepatic glucose production and oxidative stress. These findings underscore the importance of future studies designed to clarify how these critical periods may influence future risk of developing MetS later in life.
Insulin resistance and dysregulation of tryptophan-kynurenine and kynurenine-nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide metabolic pathways.; Insulin resistance (IR) underlines aging and aging-associated medical (diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension) and psychiatric (depression, cognitive decline) disorders. Molecular mechanisms of IR in genetically or metabolically predisposed individuals remain uncertain. Current review of the literature and our data presents the evidences that dysregulation of tryptophan (TRP)-kynurenine (KYN) and KYN-nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) metabolic pathways is one of the mechanisms of IR. The first and rate-limiting step of TRP-KYN pathway is regulated by enzymes inducible by pro-inflammatory factors and/or stress hormones. The key enzymes of KYN-NAD pathway require pyridoxal-5-phosphate (P5P), an active form of vitamin B6, as a cofactor. Deficiency of P5P diverts KYN-NAD metabolism from production of NAD to the excessive formation of xanthurenic acid (XA). Human and experimental studies suggested that XA and some other KYN metabolites might impair production, release, and biological activity of insulin. We propose that one of the mechanisms of IR is inflammation- and/or stress-induced upregulation of TRP-KYN metabolism in combination with P5P deficiency-induced diversion of KYN-NAD metabolism towards formation of XA and other KYN derivatives affecting insulin activity. Monitoring of KYN/P5P status and formation of XA might help to identify subjects at risk for IR. Pharmacological regulation of the TRP-KYN and KYN-NAD pathways and maintaining of adequate vitamin B6 status might contribute to prevention and treatment of IR in conditions associated with inflammation/stress-induced excessive production of KYN and deficiency of vitamin B6, e.g., type 2 diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, aging, menopause, pregnancy, and hepatitis C virus infection.
Berardinelli-Seip Congenital Lipodystrophy.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Berardinelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy (BSCL) is usually diagnosed at birth or soon thereafter. Because of the absence of functional adipocytes, lipid is stored in other tissues, including muscle and liver. Affected individuals develop insulin resistance and approximately 25%-35% develop diabetes mellitus between ages 15 and 20 years. Hepatomegaly secondary to hepatic steatosis and skeletal muscle hypertrophy occur in all affected individuals. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is reported in 20%-25% of affected individuals and is a significant cause of morbidity from cardiac failure and early mortality. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of BSCL is established in a proband with three major criteria or two major criteria plus two or more minor criteria and/or by the identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in AGPAT2 or BSCL2. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Restriction of total fat intake between 20% and 30% of total dietary energy maintains normal triglyceride serum concentration. Leptin therapy for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and diabetes may be considered. Diabetes mellitus is managed as in childhood-onset diabetes mellitus. Surveillance: Regular screening for glycosuria as a manifestation of diabetes mellitus, which usually starts in the teens (average age 12 years) but has also been described in infancy; monitoring for potential retinal, peripheral nerve, and renal complications of diabetes mellitus; yearly echocardiogram; yearly or biennial liver ultrasound examination to detect fatty infiltration. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Excessive dietary fat intake. GENETIC COUNSELING: BSCL is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. At conception, each sib of an affected individual has a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. Carrier testing for at-risk relatives and prenatal testing for pregnancies at increased risk are possible if the pathogenic variants in the family are known.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle IV: Insulin resistance, dry matter intake, and blood parameters.; We have shown in 2 independent studies that cows who received recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) administered intrauterinely shortly after parturition have a significant and long-lasting increase in milk yield. In the present study, we hypothesized that the increased milk production associated with rbIL-8 treatment is a consequence of increased postpartum dry matter intake (DMI) and orchestrated homeorhetic changes that prioritize milk production. Cows were enrolled into 1 of 3 treatment groups: those assigned to the control group (CTR; n = 70) received an intrauterine (IU) administration of 500 mL of Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline (DPBS) solution and 1 mL of DPBS solution intravenously (IV; jugular vein), those assigned to the rbIL-8 IV group (rbIL8-IV, n = 70) received an IV injection of 167 μg of rbIL-8 and 500 mL of DPBS solution IU, and cows assigned to the rbIL-8 IU group (rbIL8-IU, n = 70) received an IU administration with 1,195 μg of rbIL-8 diluted in 499.5 mL of DPBS solution and 1 mL of DPBS solution IV. Animals were housed in a tiestall from calving to 30 d in milk (DIM) to measure DMI. Blood samples were collected daily from calving to 7 DIM and weekly until 28 DIM. Insulin resistance was evaluated using an intravenous glucose tolerance test and intravenous insulin challenge test (IVICT) in a subgroup of cows (n = 20/treatment) at 10 and 11 DIM, respectively. Additionally, liver biopsy samples were taken at 14 DIM from the same subgroup of cows to measure triglyceride levels and cell proliferation and apoptosis. Cows treated with rbIL8-IU produced more milk (CTR = 36.9 ± 1.5; rbIL8-IU = 38.5 ± 1.5; rbIL8-IV = 36.6 ± 1.5 kg/d), energy-corrected milk (CTR = 42.9 ± 0.9; rbIL8-IU = 46.1 ± 0.8; rbIL8-IV = 43.7 ± 0.9 kg/d), and fat-corrected milk (CTR = 44.3 ± 0.9; rbIL8-IU = 47.8 ± 0.9; rbIL8-IV = 45.2 ± 0.9 kg/d) yields when compared with CTR cows, and no differences were observed between rbIL8-IV and CTR cows. The administration of rbIL8-IU significantly increased DMI compared with CTR (CTR = 18.8 ± 0.3; rbIL8-IU = 19.9 ± 0.3; rbIL8-IV = 19.3 ± 0.3 kg/d). Recombinant bIL-8 treatment did not affect glucose, insulin, or fatty acids (i.e., IVICT only) concentrations or their area under the curve in response to an intravenous glucose tolerance test and IVICT when compared with CTR. Moreover, rbIL-8 treatment administered IU or IV increased liver triglyceride levels. Additionally, cows treated with rbIL8-IU tended to have lower odds of developing hyperketonemia (odds ratio = 0.46, 95% confidence interval: 0.19 to 1.10), lower odds of clinical ketosis and displaced abomasum combined (odds ratio = 0.17, 95% confidence interval: 0.03 to 0.89), and lower odds of diseases combined (odds ratio = 0.43, 95% confidence interval: 0.21 to 0.86) when compared with CTR. We conclude that the administration of rbIL8-IU increases DMI, milk production, fat-corrected milk, and energy-corrected milk while improving overall health during the postpartum period. This study supports the use of rbIL-8 administered IU shortly after calving to improve health and production responses in lactating cows.
The Role of Maternal Dietary Proteins in Development of Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring.; The prevalence of metabolic syndrome and obesity has been increasing. Pre-natal environment has been suggested as a factor influencing the risk of metabolic syndrome in adulthood. Both observational and experimental studies showed that maternal diet is a major modifier of the development of regulatory systems in the offspring in utero and post-natally. Both protein content and source in maternal diet influence pre- and early post-natal development. High and low protein dams' diets have detrimental effect on body weight, blood pressure191 and metabolic and intake regulatory systems in the offspring. Moreover, the role of the source of protein in a nutritionally adequate maternal diet in programming of food intake regulatory system, body weight, glucose metabolism and blood pressure in offspring is studied. However, underlying mechanisms are still elusive. The purpose of this review is to examine the current literature related to the role of proteins in maternal diets in development of characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in offspring.
Protein malnutrition during pregnancy in C57BL/6J mice results in offspring with altered circadian physiology before obesity.; The mechanisms linking intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) with adulthood obesity and diabetes are unclear. These studies investigated energy homeostasis in 8- and 20-wk-old male and female mice subjected to protein deficiency in utero. Pregnant C57BL/6J female mice were fed a protein-deficient diet (6% protein). Undernourished offspring (UO) and controls (CO) were cross-fostered to lactating dams fed a 20% control diet. The 24-h profiles of energy expenditure, feeding behavior, physical activity, and whole-body substrate preference was assessed using 8-wk UO and CO weaned onto control diet. Blood chemistries, glucose tolerance, and expression of genes involved in hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism were analyzed in 8- and 20-wk-old CO and UO fed control or a high-fat diet. UO exhibited IUGR with catch-up growth at 8 wk of age and increased severity of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by 20 wk of age. Therefore, fetal malnutrition in the C57BL/6J mouse increases sensitivity to diet-induced obesity. Abnormal daily rhythms in food intake and metabolism, increased lipogenesis, and inflammation preceded obesity in the UO group. Arrhythmic expression of circadian oscillator genes was evident in brain, liver, and muscle of UO at 8 and 20 wk of age. Expression of the clock-associated nuclear receptor and transcription repressor Rev-erbalpha was reduced in liver and muscle of UO. Altered circadian physiology may be symptomatic of the metabolic dysregulation associated with IUGR, and altered feeding behavior and substrate metabolism may contribute to the obese phenotype.
Signaling pathways that regulate adaptive β-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes.; The decline in β-cell mass due to the failure of β-cell compensation is one cause of the development of type 2 diabetes. Therefore, elucidation of the mechanism by which an adaptive increase in β-cell mass occurs in vivo will lead to the development of a cure for diabetes. Insulin and insulin receptor (IR)-mediated signaling pathways play an important role in the mechanism that increases β-cell mass by compensatory β-cell proliferation in response to chronic insulin resistance. However, whether IR is required for compensatory β-cell proliferation remains controversial in some situations. It might be possible that IR acts as a scaffold for the signaling complex independent of its ligand. It has also been reported that the forkhead box protein M1/polo-like kinase 1/centromere protein A pathway plays a central role in adaptive β-cell proliferation during diet-induced obesity, hyperglycemia, pregnancy, aging and acute insulin resistance. We recently reported that the cross-talk of islets with fat tissue, in addition to the liver, through humoral factors is involved in adaptive β-cell proliferation. This accommodative response of β-cell proliferation through adipocytes was observed particularly under an acute insulin resistance state in an IR/insulin signal-independent and forkhead box protein M1/polo-like kinase 1/centromere protein A pathway-dependent manner. A remaining barrier for the treatment of human diabetes using β-cells is the differences between human and rodent islets. In this review, the focus is on signaling pathways that regulate adaptive β-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes considering the abovementioned issues.
SOGC Guideline Retirement Notice No. 2.; These documents have been archived because they contain outdated information. They should not be consulted for clinical use, but for historical research only. Please visit the journal website for the most recent guidelines. The Use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Obstetric Patient [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 36 (2014) 349-355] AUTHORS Yves Patenaude, MD, Sherbrooke, QC Denise Pugash, MD, Vancouver, BC Kenneth Lim, MD, Vancouver, BC Lucie Morin, MD, Montreal, QC The Role of Surgery in Endometrial Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 370-371] AUTHORS Christopher Giede, MD, Saskatoon, SK Tien Le, MD, Ottawa, ON Patti Power, MD, St John's, NL Female Genital Cutting [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 1028-1045] AUTHORS Liette Perron, MSW, Ottawa, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Margaret Burnett, MD, Winnipeg, ON Victoria Davis, MD, Scarborough, ON Technical Update on Pessary Use [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 664-674] AUTHORS Magali Robert, MD, Calgary, AB Jane A. Schulz, MD, Edmonton, AB Marie-Andrée Harvey, MD, Kingston, ON Cancer Chemotherapy and Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 263-278] AUTHORS Gideon Koren, MD, Toronto, ON Nathalie Carey, BSc, Toronto, ON Robert Gagnon, MD, Montréal, QC Cynthia Maxwell, MD, Toronto, ON Irena Nulman, MD, Toronto, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Current Status in Non-Invasive Prenatal Detection of Down Syndrome, Trisomy 18, and Trisomy 13 Using Cell-Free DNA in Maternal Plasma [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 177-181] AUTHORS Sylvie Langlois, MD, Vancouver, BC Jo-Ann Brock, MD, Halifax, NS Mifepristone [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 235] The Presence of a Third Party During Breast and Pelvic Examinations [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 237] Midwifery [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 239] Emergency Contraception [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 673-678] Tension-Free Vaginal Tape (TVT) Procedure [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 692-694] Uterine Fibroid Embolization (UFE) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 899-911] AUTHORS Guylaine G. Lefebvre, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Murray Asch, MD, Oshawa, ON The Prevention of Early-Onset Neonatal Group B Streptococcal Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 826-832] AUTHORS Deborah M. Money, MD, FRCSC, Vancouver, BC Simon Dobson, MD, FRCPC, Vancouver, BC Cell-Free Fetal DNA in the Maternal Circulation and its Future Uses in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 54-57] AUTHOR R. Douglas Wilson, MD, Philadelphia, PA Cystic Fibrosis Carrier Testing in Pregnancy in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 644-647] Amniocentesis and Women with Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or Human Immunodeficiency Virus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 145-148] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 250-262] Management of the Third Stage of Labour to Prevent Postpartum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 952-953] Cervical Cancer Prevention in Low-Resource Settings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 205-206] Hirsutism: Evaluation and Treatment [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 62-67] Breast Cancer, Pregnancy, and Breastfeeding [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 164-171] Parvovirus B19 Infection in Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 727-734] Diversity [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1042] Conflict of Interest [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1044] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 347-387] School-Based and School-Linked Sexual Health Education and Promotion in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 596-600] Gestational Trophoblastic Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 434-439] FIGO Professional and Ethical Responsibilities Concerning Sexual and Reproductive Rights [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1097-1099] FIGO / ICM Global Initiative to Prevent Post-Partum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1102] Intimate Partner Violence Consensus Statement [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 365-388] The Management of Nausea and Vomiting of Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 817-823] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 143-156] Present Role of Stem Cells for Fetal Genetic Therapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1038-1042] Amended Canadian Guideline for Prenatal Diagnosis (2005) Change to 2005-Techniques for Prenatal Diagnosis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1048-1054] Umbilical Cord Blood Banking: Implications for Perinatal Care Providers [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 263-274] Breast Cancer and Abortion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 491] AUTHOR Robert H. Lea, MD, Halifax, NS Postural Health in Women: The Role of Physiotherapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 493-500] AUTHORS S.J. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC J.V. Cole, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Isherwood, BScPT, Vancouver, BC M.M. Sran, PT, BScPT, Vancouver, BC N. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC S. Burgi, BScPT, Vancouver, BC G. Candido, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Watson, BScPT, Vancouver, BC The Management of Uterine Leiomyomas [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 396-405] Guidelines for Vaginal Birth after Previous Caesarean Birth [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 660-670] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 342-348] Number of Births to Maintain Competence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 359] Sexual Abuse by Physicians [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 862] The Use of First Trimester Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 864-869] Use of Hormonal Replacement Therapy After Treatment of Breast Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 49-54] Obstetric Ultrasound Biological Effects and Safety [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 572-575] Fetal Soft Markers in Obstetric Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 592-612] Maternal Transport Policy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 956-959] Choice of Surgery for Stress Incontinence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 964-971] The Use of Fetal Doppler in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 601-607] Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 894-903] Hormone Replacement Therapy and Cardiovascular Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 577-579] Providing Opinion for Medico-Legal Cases [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 590-592] Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy for Fetal Maturation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 45-48] Mastalgia [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 49-57] AUTHORS Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB Elizabeth Saettler, MD, Winnipeg, MB Beth Szuck, BA, HEc, CACE, RD, Winnipeg, MB Pregnancy Outcomes After Assisted Reproductive Technology [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 220-233] AUTHORS Victoria M. Allen, MD, MSc, Halifax, NS R. Douglas Wilson, MD, MSc, Philadelphia, PA Canadian Contraception Consensus-Update on Depot Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 305-308] AUTHOR Amanda Black, MD, Ottawa, ON Guidelines for Training Requirements in Colposcopy and its Related Treatment Modalities [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 314-316] AUTHOR Susan M. McFaul, MD, Ottawa, ON Pelvic Examinations by Medical Trainees [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 320-321] AUTHORS Kimberly E. Liu, MD, Edmonton, AB Deborah Robertson, MD, Montréal, QC Glenn Posner, MDCM, Ottawa, ON Sukhbir S. Singh, MD, London, ON Lawrence Oppenheimer, MD, Ottawa, ON Stillbirth and Bereavement: Guidelines for Stillbirth Investigation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 540-545] AUTHOR Line Leduc, MD, Montréal, QC Progesterone-Only and Non-Hormonal Contraception in the Breast Cancer Survivor: Joint Review and Committee Opinion of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada and the Society of Gynecologic Oncologists of Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 616-626] AUTHORS Jenna McNaught, MD, Winnipeg, MB Robert L. Reid, MD, Kingston, ON Breast Self-Examination [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 728-730] AUTHOR Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB The Physician Expert in Legal Proceedings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 913-915] AUTHORS Titus Owolabi, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Induced Abortion Guidelines [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 1014-1027] AUTHOR Victoria Jane Davis, MD Health Professionals Working With First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Consensus Guideline [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S1-S4] AUTHORS Don Wilson, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Hellisuk Nation, Comox, BC Sandra de la Ronde, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Ottawa, ON Simon Brascoupé, Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg, Ottawa, ON Alisha Nicole Apale, MSc, Ottawa, ON Lucy Barney, RN, MSN, Lillooet Nation, Vancouver, BC Bing Guthrie, MD, FRCSC, Yellowknife, NT Elizabeth Harrold, RN, Vancouver, BC Ojistoh Horn, MD, CCFP, Mohawk, Kahnawake, QC Robin Johnson, MD, FRCSC, Esdilagh, First Nation, Williams Lake, BC Darrien Rattray, MD, Tahltan, Halifax, NS Nicole Robinson, MA, Ottawa, ON Introduction [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S5-S6] Chapter 1 Definitions [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S7-S8] Chapter 2 Demographics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S9-S12] Chapter 3 Social Determinants of Health Among First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S13-S23] Chapter 4 Health Systems, Policies, and Services for First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S24-S27] Chapter 5 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Women's Sexual and Reproductive Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S28-S32] Chapter 6 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Maternal Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S33-S36] Chapter 7 Mature Women's Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S37] Chapter 8 Changing Outcomes Through Culturally Competent Care [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S38-S41] Chapter 9 Conclusion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S42-S43] Chapter 10 Case Studies [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S44-S47] Appendix 1. Apology for the Forced Relocation of Inukjuak and Pond Inlet Families [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S48] Appendix 2. Apology for the Residential School System [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S49] Appendix 3. Avoiding Re-Traumatization of Sexual Abuse/Assault Victims During the Birthing Process [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S50].
An integrated multidisciplinary model of care for addressing comorbidities beyond reproductive health among women with polycystic ovary syndrome in India.; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is becoming an area of global and national health concern. It requires a life cycle approach from adolescence to menopause. To comprehensively address the wide spectrum of this disorder, a multidisciplinary model of care was established for women with PCOS in a government setting in India with an objective to screen and manage multifaceted manifestations of PCOS and to diagnose and treat associated comorbidities such as metabolic syndrome, dermatologic manifestations and psychological issues. METHODS: A model of integrated multidisciplinary PCOS clinic was implemented for services and research at ICMR-National Institute for Research in Reproductive and Child Health (NIRRCH), Mumbai Maharashtra, India. This is a one-stop holistic centre for managing menstrual, cosmetic, infertility, obesity, metabolic and psychological concerns of women affected with PCOS. Two hundred and twenty six women diagnosed with PCOS using the Rotterdam criteria were screened for metabolic comorbidities with anthropometry, ultrasonography, hormonal and biochemical tests and for psychological problems. Analysis was performed using SPSS version 19.0. RESULTS: Mean body mass index (BMI) was 26.1 kg/m(2), higher for Asians. Hirsutism was observed in 53.6 per cent of women. Metabolic syndrome was seen among 35.3 per cent and non-alcoholic fatty liver in 18.3 per cent. Psychological issues such as anxiety and depression were identified in majority of the women 31.4 per cent of women could achieve pregnancy at the end of one year of multidisciplinary management. INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSIONS: The results of the present study suggest that an integrated multidisciplinary approach led to the early identification and treatment of comorbidities of PCOS, especially metabolic syndrome. There is hence an urgent need to implement multidisciplinary PCOS clinics in government health facilities.
[Effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate on liver lipid metabolism in rats with intrauterine growth restriction and related mechanism].; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) on liver lipid metabolism in rats with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and related mechanism. METHODS: A rat model of IUGR was established by food restriction during entire pregnancy, and then the rats were randomly divided into an IUGR group and an EGCG group (n=8 each). The rats in the EGCG group were fed with water containing EGCG from after weaning to 10 weeks. Eight pup rats born from the pregnant maternal rats without food restriction were used as the control group. At the age of 13 weeks, body weight was measured. Blood and liver tissue samples were collected to measure fasting total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), free fatty acid (FFA), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting insulin (FINS), and liver lipids. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and adipose insulin resistance (adipo-IR) were calculated. Pathological sections of the liver were observed and quantitative real-time PCR was used to measure the mRNA expression of related genes in the liver. RESULTS: At the age of 13 weeks, there was no significant difference in body weight between groups (P=0.067). There were significant differences between groups in FPG, FFA, FINS, HOMA-IR, and adipo-IR (P<0.05). There were no significant differences in the serum levels of TC and TG between groups (P>0.05), while the IUGR group had significantly higher levels of TC and TG in the liver than the EGCG group (P<0.05). Oil red staining showed that the IUGR group had a significant increase in hepatic lipid accumulation, while the EGCG group had certain improvement after EGCG treatment. PCR results suggested that compared with the control group, the IUGR group had significant reductions in the mRNA expression of Ampk and Adipor1 and a significant increase in the mRNA expression of Srebf1 (P<0.05), while EGCG increased the mRNA expression of Ampk and reduced the mRNA expression of Srebf1, with no significant differences in the two indices between the EGCG and control groups (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Early EGCG intervention can down-regulate the de novo synthesis of fatty acids through the Ampk/Srebf1 signaling pathway and reduce hepatic lipid accumulation in IUGR rats by improving insulin resistance of hepatocytes.
Effect of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation or post-weaning on the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring.; We examined the effects on offspring of ingestion of the 1975 Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation and after weaning in mice. Pregnant dams were divided into groups that were fed the Japanese diet or a control diet and raised until offspring were weaned. The offspring after weaning were further divided into groups that were raised on the Japanese diet or the control diet. Ingestion of the Japanese diet after weaning suppressed accumulation of visceral fat in offspring, and reduced the amount of lipids in serum and liver. This effect was weakened if the Japanese diet was only ingested during pregnancy and lactation. Therefore, it was suggested that ingestion of the Japanese diet of mothers during pregnancy and lactation weakens the lipid accumulation inhibitory effect of the Japanese diet in children.
Increased maternal-fetal transport of fat in diabetes assessed by polyunsaturated fatty acid content in fetal lipids.; The distribution of fatty acids was determined by gas-liquid chromatography in total lipid and triglyceride fraction of extracts of several tissues of streptozotocin-diabetic rats and their fetuses on day 20 of pregnancy. In maternal rats, diabetes did not significantly affect fatty acid distribution apart from small changes in the relative content of linoleate in adipose tissue and liver. In the placenta, the fetal carcass and the fetal liver the triglyceride content increased approximately 2-fold as a result of maternal diabetes, in association with the elevation in triglycerides and free fatty acids in the maternal circulation. A pronounced increase in the relative content of linoleate was recorded in the total lipid and triglyceride extracts of placenta (35 and 59%), fetal carcass (56 and 66%) and fetal liver (100 and 205%). Small increases in arachidonate proportion were also seen in some fetal tissues. The large increase in fetal hepatic linoleate indicates that this tissue is an important uptake target of maternal lipids transported in excess into the fetus. The results confirm the previous observations on increased transplacental fat passage in diabetes by demonstrating that the increment in the essential fatty acid, linoleate, parallels the diabetes-induced triglyceride accumulation in the fetoplacental unit.
Maternal Western diet exposure increases periportal fibrosis beginning in utero in nonhuman primate offspring.; Maternal obesity affects nearly one-third of pregnancies and is a major risk factor for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adolescent offspring, yet the mechanisms behind NAFLD remain poorly understood. Here, we demonstrate that nonhuman primate fetuses exposed to maternal Western-style diet (WSD) displayed increased fibrillar collagen deposition in the liver periportal region, with increased ACTA2 and TIMP1 staining, indicating localized hepatic stellate cell (HSC) and myofibroblast activation. This collagen deposition pattern persisted in 1-year-old offspring, despite weaning to a control diet (CD). Maternal WSD exposure increased the frequency of DCs and reduced memory CD4+ T cells in fetal liver without affecting systemic or hepatic inflammatory cytokines. Switching obese dams from WSD to CD before conception or supplementation of the WSD with resveratrol decreased fetal hepatic collagen deposition and reduced markers of portal triad fibrosis, oxidative stress, and fetal hypoxemia. These results demonstrate that HSCs and myofibroblasts are sensitive to maternal WSD-associated oxidative stress in the fetal liver, which is accompanied by increased periportal collagen deposition, indicative of early fibrogenesis beginning in utero. Alleviating maternal WSD-driven oxidative stress in the fetal liver holds promise for halting steatosis and fibrosis and preventing developmental programming of NAFLD.
Excessive folic acid supplementation in pregnant mice impairs insulin secretion and induces the expression of genes associated with fatty liver in their offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Previous human and animal studies have shown that excessive maternal intake of folic acid (FA) predisposes to impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring. However, the underlying mechanism is unknown. Therefore, we aimed to determine whether excessive supplementation with FA during pregnancy affects the glucose tolerance of mouse offspring. RESEARCH METHODS & PROCEDURES: Pregnant C57BL/6J mice were fed AIN93G diet containing either 2 mg [control group (CN)] or 40 mg [high FA group (HFA)] FA/kg diet throughout their pregnancies. On postnatal days (PD)22 and 50, fasting blood glucose was measured in the offspring of both groups, and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed on PD50. On PD53, tissues were collected, and the tissue masses, area of insulin expression in the pancreas, liver triglyceride content, and gene expression were determined. RESULTS: The blood glucose concentrations at 60 and 120 min of the OGTT were higher in female HFA than CN offspring. The serum fasting and non-fasting insulin concentrations and the area of insulin expression in the pancreas were lower in HFA than CN offspring. The liver triglyceride content was higher in female, and tended to be higher in male (P < 0.05), HFA offspring than CN offspring (P < 0.05). The liver mRNA expression of fat synthesis genes, such as Pparγ2 (male and female) and Cidec (male), was higher in HFA than CN offspring (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Excessive maternal supplementation of FA in mice leads to lower insulin synthesis and an impairment in hepatic fat metabolism in the offspring.
TFR2-Related Hemochromatosis.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: TFR2-related hemochromatosis (TFR2-HC) is characterized by increased intestinal iron absorption resulting in iron accumulation in the liver, heart, pancreas, and endocrine organs. Age of onset is earlier than in HFE-related hemochromatosis. The majority of individuals present with signs and symptoms of iron overload in the third decade (e.g., weakness, fatigue, abdominal pain, hepatomegaly, arthritis, arthralgia, and progressive increase in skin pigmentation). Others present as young adults with nonspecific symptoms and abnormal serum iron studies or as adults with abnormal serum iron studies and signs of organ involvement including cirrhosis, diabetes mellitus, arthropathy, hypogonadism, cardiomyopathy, and increase in skin pigmentation. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of TFR2-HC is established in a proband with biallelic pathogenic variants in TFR2 identified by molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Targeted therapy: In order to prevent iron overload-related complications, removal of excess iron by routine phlebotomy to maintain serum ferritin concentration at 50 ng/mL or lower and transferrin-iron saturation below 50%; iron chelation therapy as needed in those with anemia. Supportive care: Vaccination for hepatitis A and B; therapy to prevent cirrhosis complications and liver decompensation including endoscopic surveillance of varices and prophylaxis with nonselective beta-blockers; salt restriction and diuretics for ascites with paracentesis and shunts as needed; antibiotics for spontaneous bacterial peritonitis; low protein diet for hepatic encephalopathy with lactulose and rifaximin as needed; hormone replacement therapy for hypogonadism; gonadotropins for fertility/pregnancy; routine treatment for diabetes mellitus and cardiac failure; nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and joint replacement for arthropathy. Surveillance: Serum iron, transferrin, transferrin saturation, and ferritin concentration every six to 12 months once serum ferritin concentration is lower than 50 ng/mL. Serum AFP and liver ultrasound in individuals with cirrhosis every six months to assess for hepatic complications and for early detection of hepatocarcinoma. Individuals with hypogonadism, diabetes mellitus, and cardiac failure should have surveillance for complications related to the specific organ failure. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Medicinal iron and nutritional supplements containing iron, excessive alcohol intake, vitamin C supplements, uncooked seafood, and lifestyle-related behaviors that increase the risk of viral hepatitis infection. Evaluation of relatives at risk: It is appropriate to evaluate apparently asymptomatic older and younger sibs of an affected individual by molecular genetic testing of the TFR2 pathogenic variants found in the family in order to identify as early as possible those who would benefit from prompt initiation of treatment and preventive measures. Pregnancy management: Phlebotomy can be paused in pregnant women with mild-to-moderate iron overload due to fetal utilization of maternal iron. GENETIC COUNSELING: TFR2-HC is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for a TFR2 pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being heterozygous, and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. Once the TFR2 pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, carrier testing for at-risk relatives and prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing are possible.
Dietary enrichment with alpha-linolenic acid during pregnancy attenuates insulin resistance in adult offspring in mice.; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to test the contribution of dietary enrichment in essential or saturated fatty acids, in normocaloric diets, on the lipid accumulation and insulin resistance in the adult offspring in a C57Bl6/J mice model. METHODS: Pregnant mothers were fed normocaloric diets containing 6% fat enriched in essential fatty acids (EFA): alpha-linolenic (ALA-18:3, n-3), linoleic (LA-18:2, n-6), or saturated fatty acids (SFA). After a washing-out period with regular diet, the offspring received a high-fat diet before euthanization. RESULTS: Adult mice fed maternal ALA showed lower body weight gain and lower liver fat accumulation, lower HOMA index and lower stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD1) activity than those fed maternal SFA. CONCLUSION: The results observed using this novel model suggest that ALA in maternal diet may have the potential to inhibit insulin resistance in adult offspring.
Effect of maternal chronic intermittent hypoxia during gestation on offspring growth in the rat.; OBJECTIVE: Obstructive sleep apnea, a breathing disorder caused by the repetitive collapse of the upper airway during sleep, results in a state of chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH). Although the etiology and consequences of CIH are extensively investigated in the adult, the developmental ramifications of this disease process are unknown. DESIGN: This study was done to investigate the effect of CIH during gestation on offspring development. Pregnant female Spraque-Dawley rats were exposed to daily CIH throughout the gestational period. RESULTS: Postnatal day-1 offspring from CIH mothers were asymmetrically growth restricted, with decreased body weights and elevated brain-weight:liver-weight ratios. Furthermore, CIH newborns had elevated heart- and brain-weight:body weight ratios, and decreased liver-weight:body weight ratios. By adulthood, body weights of growth restricted offspring were significantly greater, as were the liver-weight:body weight ratios. CIH offspring also had greater body fat deposition, were hyperglycemic and had elevated plasma levels of insulin during development into adults. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that alteration of the maternal intrauterine environment by gestational CIH effects the long-term development of the offspring and increases the risk of the offspring to metabolic diseases in adulthood.
Effects of Maternal and Fetal Characteristics on Cell-Free Fetal DNA Fraction in Maternal Plasma.; OBJECTIVE: To study factors that influence the concentration of cell-free fetal DNA (fetal fraction) using a large clinical data set of pregnancies with male fetus. METHOD: A retrospective analysis of 23 067 pregnancies that received noninvasive prenatal testing from January 2012 to October 2013, including 22 650 normal singleton pregnancies (control group) and 417 pregnancies with aneuploidy, twin pregnancy, or various maternal conditions including preexisting hypertension, preexisting diabetes, hyperthyroidism, and carrier of the surface antigen of the hepatitis B virus (HBsAg; study group). Multiples of the median (MoM) analysis was performed in the control group to derive gestation and body mass index (BMI)-corrected fetal fraction. The effects of study group conditions on fetal fraction were examined by calculating the ratio of MoM (RMoM) values. RESULTS: Fetal fraction showed a positive correlation with gestational age (r(2) = .10, P < .001) and increased rapidly after the 21 weeks of gestation (r(2) = .26, P < .001). Negative association with maternal BMI was found with fetal fraction (r(2) = .04, P < .001). In study group, fetal fraction was higher among pregnant women with a trisomy 21 fetus (RMoM = 1.24, P < .001) and lower among trisomy 18 (RMoM = 0.84, P < .001). A 1.6-fold incensement of fetal fraction was observed in twin fetuses comparing to singleton pregnancy (RMoM = 1.62, P < .001). Women with preexisting hypertension had significantly lower fetal fraction (RMoM = 0.85, P = .02). Preexisting diabetes, hyperthyroidism, or carrier of HBsAg did not affect fetal fraction. CONCLUSION: The fetal fraction was affected by fetal aneuploidy, maternal BMI, and the number of gestation. Maternal preexisting of hypertension appeared to reduce fetal fraction.
High-fat diet and streptozotocin in the induction of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a new proposal.; Our objective was to establish a diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2) model in rats using a high-fat diet and streptozotocin (HF-STZ). Male Wistar rats (240-250g) were divided into a control group (commercial feed), and HF-STZ group, (66.5%-commercial feed, 13.5%-lard, and 20%-sugar). STZ (40mg/kg i.p.) or vehicle was administered on the 13th day. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed (2.5mg of glucose/kg v.o.) on both groups. After 39 days of treatment, blood and tissue samples were collected for analyses. The weight gain after STZ administration was lower in the HF-STZ group than in the control group with reductions in muscle mass and adipose tissue. The HF-STZ group showed hyperglycemia after STZ administration (glucose on day 39: HF-STZ: 499 ± 60; control: 134 ± 9mg/dL). Serum glucagon was 23% lower, and insulin levels were unaltered. The HOMA index was 4-times higher in the HF-STZ. The HF-STZ group showed increased post-prandial (330%) and fasting (125%) triglycerides, and while glycogen content in the liver and muscles decreased (70-80%). The area under the curve (OGTT) was 282% higher in the HF-STZ group. The combination of high-fat diet with STZ (i.p) generated rats with hyperglycemia associated with hypertriglyceridemia and introduced many other alterations present in human DM2.
Evidence for an insulin resistance in the adult offspring of pregnant streptozotocin-diabetic rats.; Our previous work has suggested the presence of an insulin resistance in the adult offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic pregnant rats. In this study we used the euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp technique with an isotope-dilution method to define and quantify this postulated insulin resistance in adult offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats. Under basal conditions, these rats had a lower body weight than control rats, but their glucose and insulin concentrations were normal. During the hyperinsulinaemic clamp, the steady-state glucose infusion rate was significantly lower in the offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats than in both age- and weight-matched controls, indicating insulin resistance. Basal peripheral tissue glucose utilization was normal in the offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats, but the dose-response curve was shifted to the right:insulin concentrations causing half-maximal stimulation of glucose utilization were increased by about 60% in the offspring of diabetic rats; the maximal stimulation of glucose utilization, however, was unaltered. Basal hepatic glucose production was normal, but again, half-maximal suppression of glucose production occurred at insulin concentrations 50% higher than in control rats; in addition, the maximal suppression of glucose production was significantly decreased, even at insulin concentrations of 5700 microU/ml. These data are evidence for an insulin resistance in the adult offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats, characterized by: (1) a decreased insulin sensitivity by peripheral glucose-utilizing tissues, and, (2) a decreased sensitivity and responsiveness of the liver.
Cord blood fatty acid binding protein 4 and lipids in infants born small- or large-for-gestational-age.; AIM: Adverse (poor or excessive) fetal growth "programs" an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes. Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been implicated in regulating insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism relevant to fetal growth. We sought to determine whether FABP4 is associated with poor or excessive fetal growth and fetal lipids. METHODS: In a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort including 60 trios of small-for-gestational-age (SGA, an indicator of poor fetal growth), large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of excessive fetal growth) and optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control) infants, we measured cord blood concentrations of FABP4 and lipids [high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterols, triglycerides (TG)]. RESULTS: Adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics, higher cord blood FABP4 concentrations were associated with a lower odds of SGA [OR = 0.29 (0.11-0.77) per log unit increment in FABP4, P = 0.01], but were not associated with LGA (P = 0.46). Cord blood FABP4 was positively correlated with both LDL (r = 0.29, P = 0.025) and HDL (r = 0.33, P = 0.01) in LGA infants only. CONCLUSION: FABP4 was inversely associated with the risk of SGA. The study is the first to demonstrate LGA-specific positive correlations of cord blood FABP4 with HDL and LDL cholesterols, suggesting a role of FABP4 in fetal lipid metabolism in subjects with excessive fetal growth.
Thiazolidinediones partially reverse the metabolic disturbances observed in Bscl2/seipin-deficient mice.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Mutations in BSCL2/seipin cause Berardinelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy (BSCL), a rare recessive disorder characterised by near absence of adipose tissue and severe insulin resistance. We aimed to determine how seipin deficiency alters glucose and lipid homeostasis and whether thiazolidinediones can rescue the phenotype. METHODS: Bscl2 (-/-) mice were generated and phenotyped. Mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) were used as a model of adipocyte differentiation. RESULTS: As observed in humans, Bscl2 (-/-) mice displayed an early depletion of adipose tissue, with insulin resistance and severe hepatic steatosis. However, Bscl2 (-/-) mice exhibited an unexpected hypotriglyceridaemia due to increased clearance of triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins (TRL) and uptake of fatty acids by the liver, with reduced basal energy expenditure. In vitro experiments with MEFs demonstrated that seipin deficiency led to impaired late adipocyte differentiation and increased basal lipolysis. Thiazolidinediones were able to rescue the adipogenesis impairment but not the alteration in lipolysis in Bscl2 (-/-) MEFs. In vivo treatment of Bscl2 (-/-) mice with pioglitazone for 9 weeks increased residual inguinal and mesenteric fat pads as well as plasma leptin and adiponectin concentrations. Pioglitazone treatment increased energy expenditure and improved insulin resistance, hypotriglyceridaemia and liver steatosis in these mice. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Seipin plays a key role in the differentiation and storage capacity of adipocytes, and affects glucose and lipid homeostasis. The hypotriglyceridaemia observed in Bscl2 (-/-) mice is linked to increased uptake of TRL by the liver, offering a new model of liver steatosis. The demonstration that the metabolic complications associated with BSCL can be partially rescued with pioglitazone treatment opens an interesting therapeutic perspective for BSCL patients.
The Beneficial Effects of Prenatal Biotin Supplementation in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Caloric Restriction to Prevent Cardiometabolic Risk in Adult Female Offspring.; Numerous studies indicate that intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) can predispose individuals to metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adulthood. Several reports have demonstrated that pharmacological concentrations of biotin have therapeutic effects on MetS. The present study investigated the beneficial effects of prenatal biotin supplementation in a rat model of intrauterine caloric restriction to prevent cardiometabolic risk in adult female offspring fed fructose after weaning. Female rats were exposed to a control (C) diet or global caloric restriction (20%) (GCR), with biotin (GCRB) supplementation (2 mg/kg) during pregnancy. Female offspring were exposed to 20% fructose (F) in drinking water for 16 weeks after weaning (C, C/F, GCR/F, and GCRB/F). The study assessed various metabolic parameters including Lee's index, body weight, feed conversion ratio, caloric intake, glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, lipid profile, hepatic triglycerides, blood pressure, and arterial vasoconstriction. Results showed that GCR and GCRB dams had reduced weights compared to C dams. Offspring of GCRB/F and GCR/F dams had lower body weight and Lee's index than C/F offspring. Maternal biotin supplementation in the GCRB/F group significantly mitigated the adverse effects of fructose intake, including hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia, hepatic steatosis, glucose and insulin resistance, hypertension, and arterial hyperresponsiveness. This study concludes that prenatal biotin supplementation can protect against cardiometabolic risk in adult female offspring exposed to postnatal fructose, highlighting its potential therapeutic benefits.
Hepatic and extrahepatic expression of serum amyloid A3 during lactation in dairy cows.; Serum amyloid A3 (SAA3) is the predominant SAA isoform secreted by mammary epithelial cells in dairy cows; it is also expressed in bovine adipose tissue (AT). The adipokine SAA3 is linked to obesity and insulin resistance of AT and the respective inflammatory response, at least in mice. Dietary treatment with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reportedly also affects insulin sensitivity and inflammatory status in monogastrics. Both SAA3 and CLA thus seem to alter similar functions. Based on changes in insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory status throughout lactation, we hypothesized that the mRNA abundance of SAA3 in various tissues might be regulated as well and that CLA could be a modulator of SAA3 mRNA expression. In 2 trials, 21 pluriparous and 25 primiparous Holstein cows were fed 100g/d of a CLA or a control fat supplement from d 1 to 182 or 105 postpartum, respectively. Biopsies from liver and subcutaneous (s.c.) AT from pluriparous cows and samples from 3 different visceral AT and 3 s.c. AT, muscle, mammary gland, and liver tissue from slaughtered primiparous cows were obtained. In an adipocyte cell culture system, cell samples were collected during differentiation of bovine preadipocytes at d 0, 2, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 13 relative to the onset of differentiation. The SAA3 mRNA abundance in tissues and in differentiating bovine preadipocytes was measured by real-time PCR. The presence of the SAA protein was confirmed by Western blotting. Treatment with CLA yielded only few and inconsistent effects on SAA3 mRNA abundance. In both trials, SAA3 mRNA peaked at d 1 postpartum in all tissues except in mesenteric AT, in which the change was not significant. The highest SAA3 mRNA expression was observed in the mammary gland, followed by omental AT. The SAA protein was present in the visceral and s.c. AT depots investigated. Adipocytes as one source of SAA3 were confirmed by the SAA3 mRNA profile in differentiating adipocytes. The longitudinal changes observed point to SAA3 being involved in the inflammatory situation around parturition.
The timing of nutrient restriction during rat pregnancy/lactation alters metabolic syndrome phenotype.; OBJECTIVE: Modulation of growth of intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) newborns causes either adult obesity or normalization of body weight and fat. We investigated the impact of rapid versus delayed catch-up growth of IUGR offspring on glucose and lipid profiles. STUDY DESIGN: From 10 days to term gestation and through lactation, control pregnant rats received ad libitum food, whereas study rats were 50% food restricted. Cross-fostering techniques were used to examine effects of food restriction during pregnancy and/or lactation periods. Glucose and lipid profiles were determined in offspring at ages 1 day, 3 weeks, and 9 months. RESULTS: Food restriction during pregnancy produced hypoglycemic IUGR pups. Those permitted rapid catch-up growth demonstrated adult obesity with insulin resistance (hyperglycemia/hyperinsulinemia) and hypertriglyceridemia. Conversely, IUGR exhibiting delayed catch-up growth demonstrated normal adult body weight and insulin deficiency (hyperglycemia/hypoinsulinemia) and elevated cholesterol levels as compared with controls. However, these adult offspring had higher glucose though similar insulin levels as control offspring nursed by food restricted dam. CONCLUSION: The timing and the rate of IUGR newborn catch-up growth causes markedly altered adult phenotypes. Although delayed newborn catch-up growth may be beneficial in the prevention of adult obesity, there may be significant adverse effects on pancreatic function.
Paternal obesity induces placental hypoxia and sex-specific impairments in placental vascularization and offspring metabolism†.; Paternal obesity predisposes offspring to metabolic dysfunction, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. We investigated whether this metabolic dysfunction is associated with changes in placental vascular development and is fueled by endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated changes in fetal hepatic development. We also determined whether paternal obesity indirectly affects the in utero environment by disrupting maternal metabolic adaptations to pregnancy. Male mice fed a standard chow or high fat diet (60%kcal fat) for 8-10 weeks were time-mated with female mice to generate pregnancies and offspring. Glucose tolerance was evaluated in dams at mid-gestation (embryonic day (E) 14.5) and late gestation (E18.5). Hypoxia, angiogenesis, endocrine function, macronutrient transport, and ER stress markers were evaluated in E14.5 and E18.5 placentae and/or fetal livers. Maternal glucose tolerance was assessed at E14.5 and E18.5. Metabolic parameters were assessed in offspring at ~60 days of age. Paternal obesity did not alter maternal glucose tolerance but induced placental hypoxia and altered placental angiogenic markers, with the most pronounced effects in female placentae. Paternal obesity increased ER stress-related protein levels (ATF6 and PERK) in the fetal liver and altered hepatic expression of gluconeogenic factors at E18.5. Offspring of obese fathers were glucose intolerant and had impaired whole-body energy metabolism, with more pronounced effects in female offspring. Metabolic deficits in offspring due to paternal obesity may be mediated by sex-specific changes in placental vessel structure and integrity that contribute to placental hypoxia and may lead to poor fetal oxygenation and impairments in fetal metabolic signaling pathways in the liver.
Detection of hepatitis B surface antigen in pregnant women attending a public hospital for delivery: implication for vaccination strategy in Bangladesh.; Routine antenatal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) screening and immunization of risk babies is very effective in preventing perinatal transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV). We studied 1,800 parturients attending a public hospital to assess the rationale for such vaccination in Bangladesh. In one in every 29 deliveries (63 of 1,800 or 3.5%), the mother was found to be HBsAg positive. All were asymptomatic and many (41 of 63 or 65%) without risk factors would remain undetected if HBsAg screening were performed on selected groups. Most of the HBsAg-positive mothers (54 of 63 or 85.7%) were found to be chronic carriers and 30.2% (19 of 63) were also hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) positive, indicating high infectivity. Although 23 cord blood were positive for HBsAg or HBeAg, none were positive for IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen (IgM anti-HBc), suggesting transplacental transmission of the antigens rather than intrauterine infection. These findings are discussed in relation to the cost-effectiveness of routine prenatal screening and immunization of risk babies compared with universal infant immunization.
Regulation of placental enzymes of the carbohydrate and lipid metabolic pathways.; The activity of enzymes with a regulatory function in the pathways of glycolysis, gluconeogenesis, NADPH generation and fatty acid synthesis was measured in the placenta and liver of rats. Compared with the liver, a high activity of pyruvate kinase was found in the placenta, indicating a high glycolytic potential; a small capacity for gluconeogenesis was also present and a moderate to low activity of enzymes associated with lipogenesis. The activity of all placental enzymes fell from day 15 to 20 of gestation irrespective of the pathway they represented. The pattern of decline continued when the gestation was prolonged up to day 26 by the administration of chorionic gonadotropin. The rates of activity disappearance over 11 days of gestation differed for each enzyme, with half-lives ranging from 2.7 days for NADP-malate dehydrogenase to 7 days for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. In contrast, the activity of hepatic enzymes either remained unchanged or showed individual adaptation to the advancing pregnancy. The regression in placental metabolic capacity after day 15 of gestation was also evident by the decrease in glucose uptake and its channelling to lactate, CO2, glycerol and fatty acids. In addition, placental ageing was associated with triglyceride accumulation, mainly due to the decrease in free fatty acid oxidation. Treatment of pregnant rats with several hormones, while markedly affecting the hepatic enzyme activities, failed to induce appreciable changes in the corresponding placental enzymes. This was illustrated in the case of triiodothyronine treatment. Similarly, insulin deficiency induced by streptozotocin failed to elicit adaptive changes in placental enzyme activities typical of diabetes like those occurring in the maternal liver; some converse responses in the placenta were attributed to hyperglycaemia. On the other hand, responses in some fetal liver enzymes were suggestive of fetal hyperinsulinaemia. These observations indicate that placental enzymes are not susceptible to endocrine regulation and imply that placental metabolism is largely independent of the physiopathological alterations affecting the maternal organism. The gradual activity decreases with gestation suggest that the enzyme complement of the placenta, once developed, is designed to last through its limited lifespan without continuous replenishment. Within this context, no mechanism seems to operate to ind1ce the adaptive synthesis of individual enzymes, and the age of the placenta appears to be the primary factor determining its enzyme activity and metabolic performance.
Vaccines for persons at high risk, 2007.; Morbidity and mortality due to vaccine-preventable diseases are high among persons with underlying medical conditions. Thus, inactivated influenza and pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines are recommended for individuals with cardiac disease, diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, immunosuppression, and other chronic illnesses. Inactivated influenza vaccine is recommended for pregnant women and for persons with asthma and neuromuscular disease. Palivizumab, a respiratory syncytial virus immunoglobulin preparation, is recommended for certain infants with prematurity and chronic lung disease. Health care workers are at high risk for acquiring and transmitting hepatitis B, pertussis, measles, varicella, and influenza; hence, vaccination against these diseases is recommended. A signed declination is recommended for health care workers who refuse influenza vaccination.
Partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance and adult progeria Werner syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Laminopathies, due to mutations in LMNA, encoding A type-lamins, can lead to premature ageing and/or lipodystrophic syndromes, showing that these diseases could have close physiopathological relationships. We show here that lipodystrophy and extreme insulin resistance can also reveal the adult progeria Werner syndrome linked to mutations in WRN, encoding a RecQ DNA helicase. METHODS: We analysed the clinical and biological features of two women, aged 32 and 36, referred for partial lipodystrophic syndrome which led to the molecular diagnosis of Werner syndrome. Cultured skin fibroblasts from one patient were studied. RESULTS: Two normal-weighted women presented with a partial lipodystrophic syndrome with hypertriglyceridemia and liver steatosis. One of them had also diabetes. Both patients showed a peculiar, striking lipodystrophic phenotype with subcutaneous lipoatrophy of the four limbs contrasting with truncal and abdominal fat accumulation. Their oral glucose tolerance tests showed extremely high levels of insulinemia, revealing major insulin resistance. Low serum levels of sex-hormone binding globulin and adiponectin suggested a post-receptor insulin signalling defect. Other clinical features included bilateral cataracts, greying hair and distal skin atrophy. We observed biallelic WRN null mutations in both women (p.Q748X homozygous, and compound heterozygous p.Q1257X/p.M1329fs). Their fertility was decreased, with preserved menstrual cycles and normal follicle-stimulating hormone levels ruling out premature ovarian failure. However undetectable anti-müllerian hormone and inhibin B indicated diminished follicular ovarian reserve. Insulin-resistance linked ovarian hyperandrogenism could also contribute to decreased fertility, and the two patients became pregnant after initiation of insulin-sensitizers (metformin). Both pregnancies were complicated by severe cervical incompetence, leading to the preterm birth of a healthy newborn in one case, but to a second trimester-abortion in the other. WRN-mutated fibroblasts showed oxidative stress, increased lamin B1 expression, nuclear dysmorphies and premature senescence. CONCLUSIONS: We show here for the first time that partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance can reveal WRN-linked premature aging syndrome. Increased expression of lamin B1 with altered lamina architecture observed in WRN-mutated fibroblasts could contribute to premature cellular senescence. Primary alterations in DNA replication and/or repair should be considered as possible causes of lipodystrophic syndromes.
An observational cohort study to investigate the impact of dolutegravir in pregnancy and its obesogenic effects on the metabolic health of women living with HIV and their children: Study protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Dolutegravir (DTG)-based antiretroviral therapy is the World Health Organization's preferred first-line regimen for all persons with HIV, including pregnant women. While DTG has been implicated as an obesogen associated with greater weight gain compared to other antiretrovirals, there is a paucity of data in pregnant women and their children. The Obesogenic oRigins of maternal and Child metabolic health Involving Dolutegravir (ORCHID) study is investigating associations between DTG, weight gain, and metabolic outcomes in the context of HIV. MATERIALS & METHODS: ORCHID is a prospective observational study taking place in Cape Town, South Africa (NCT04991402). A total of 1920 pregnant women with and without HIV infection are being followed from ≤18 weeks gestational age to 24 months postpartum with their children. Participants attend eleven study visits: 3 antenatal, delivery, and 7 postnatal visits. Several embedded sub-studies address specific scientific aims. Primary outcome measurements in mothers include anthropometry, blood pressure, body composition, dysglycemia, insulin resistance (IR), and dyslipidemia. Other maternal measures include demographics, resting energy expenditure, viral load, physical activity, dietary intake, hepatic steatosis, and repository specimens. Sub-study measurements include markers of adipose inflammation, gut integrity, and satiety/hunger, subcutaneous adipose tissue morphology and mitochondrial function, and metabolomics. Primary outcome measurements in children include anthropometry, adipose tissue mass, dysglycemia, IR, and dyslipidemia. Other variables include fetal growth, birth outcomes, medical/breastfeeding history, caloric intake, neurodevelopment, and repository specimens. Sub-study measurements include metabolites/lipid subspecies in umbilical cord blood, as well as breast milk composition and DTG exposure. DISCUSSION: ORCHID will play a pivotal role in defining obesogenic mechanisms and clinical consequences of DTG use in pregnancy in women with HIV and their children. It will provide insights into metabolic disease risk reduction in the context of HIV/DTG, identify intervention targets, and inform public health approaches to diminish chronic metabolic co-morbidities for women and children.
Pregnancy-associated Inflammatory Myofibroblastic Tumors of the Uterus Are Clinically Distinct and Highly Enriched for TIMP3-ALK and THBS1-ALK Fusions.; As inflammatory myofibroblastic tumors (IMTs) have become more widely recognized in the female genital tract, an intriguing subset of uterine tumors associated with pregnancy has emerged. Whether uterine IMTs occurring in the setting of pregnancy are clinically or biologically distinct from other uterine IMTs is unknown. Furthermore, little is known about the perinatal factors that may influence the development of these tumors. Here, we report the largest case series of 8 pregnancy-associated IMTs. All pregnancy-associated IMTs in this series occurred in association with pregnancy complications, including abnormal implantation (n=1), gestational diabetes (n=2), preeclampsia and/or HELLP syndrome (n=2), antiphospholipid syndrome (n=1), premature rupture of membranes (n=1), and hepatitis B (n=1). Notably, all IMTs were expelled at the time of delivery or immediately postpartum and were either adherent to the placenta or presented as separate, detached tissue. Tumors ranged from 2.0 to 6.0 cm (median, 3.9 cm), were well-circumscribed and showed classic histologic features of IMTs, including myxoid stroma and a lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate. Seven of 8 cases were positive by ALK immunohistochemistry and confirmed to have an ALK gene rearrangement by fluorescent in situ hybridization and RNA sequencing. The ALK-rearranged IMTs were found to be particularly enriched for TIMP3-ALK (n=5) and THBS1-ALK (n=2) fusions. The single case that was negative for an ALK rearrangement exhibited the classic morphology of an IMT. None of the 4 cases with available clinical follow-up recurred. The clinicopathologic features of pregnancy-associated IMTs in this series in conjunction with those reported in the literature suggests that these may be transient tumors that develop during pregnancy and shed at parturition; they appear to have a relatively indolent clinical course and favorable outcome, although studies with a longer duration of follow-up are still required.
Influence of Japanese diet consumption during pregnancy and lactation on lipid metabolism in offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies have demonstrated that obesity is rare among those who consume the Japanese diet because of its lower caloric content compared with the American diet. Meanwhile, it has been reported that maternal caloric restriction, which induces antiobesity effects, during pregnancy and lactation increases the likelihood of a low birthweight infant, which increases the risks for obesity and diabetes later in life. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of maternal consumption of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation on the risk for obesity and diabetes in the offspring later in life. METHODS: Pregnant mice were divided into three groups and fed either a control diet, Western diet, or Japanese diet, and their offspring were raised until 7 wk old. RESULTS: Examinations of 18-d-old and 7-wk-old offspring showed no effect of consistently eating a Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation on the health conditions of 18-d-old offspring, but 7-wk-old offspring showed a decrease in visceral fat and liver triacylglycerol levels. In addition, 7-wk-old offspring from mothers who consumed the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation showed a decrease in the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and a reduced risk for developing diabetes. This tendency was also confirmed in 18-d-old offspring. Evaluation of the mechanism revealed that fatty acid synthesis in the liver of the offspring was suppressed by the mother's consumption of the Japanese diet. CONCLUSION: From these results, maternal consumption of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation did not adversely affect the offspring, and continual intake of this diet reduced the risk for developing obesity and diabetes in the offspring later in life.
The pyruvate dehydrogenase complex: nutrient control and the pathogenesis of insulin resistance.; This review examines the molecular mechanisms underlying substrate competition between glucose and lipid in starvation and in insulin-resistant states. We demonstrate that lipid-derived substrates are oxidized in preference to glucose by skeletal muscle in vivo during prolonged starvation. An accelerated and exaggerated lipolytic and ketogenic response to starvation in late pregnancy is associated with more rapid suppression of glucose oxidation by the maternal skeletal-muscle mass. These benign adaptations to changes in lipid availability (which occur secondarily to changes in carbohydrate supply and demand) contrast with the well-documented detrimental effects to health of an inappropriately high supply of dietary lipid. We present results that indicate that the prolonged consumption of a diet high in saturated fat is associated with a stable enhancement of pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) kinase activity at least in two oxidative tissues--liver and heart. This long-term enhancement of PDH kinase activity is concomitant with the development of whole-body insulin resistance and adds a new dimension to the potential role of dietary composition in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance.
Respective contributions of maternal insulin resistance and diet to metabolic and hypothalamic phenotypes of progeny.; Maternal obesity can influence susceptibility to obesity and type 2 diabetes in progeny. We examined the relationship of maternal insulin resistance (IR), a metabolically important consequence of increased adiposity, to adverse consequences of obesity for fetal development. We used mice heterozygous for a null allele of the insulin receptor (Insr) to study the contributions of maternal IR to offspring phenotype without the potential confound of obesity per se, and how maternal consumption of high-fat diet (HFD) may, independently and interactively, affect progeny. In progeny fed a 60% HFD, body weight and adiposity were transiently (5-7 weeks) increased in wild-type (+/+) offspring of Insr(+/-) HFD-fed dams compared to offspring of wild-type HFD-fed dams. Offspring of HFD-fed wild-type dams had increased body weight, blood glucose, and plasma insulin concentrations compared to offspring of chow-fed wild-type dams. Quantification of proopiomelanocortin (POMC) and neuropeptide-Y (NPY) populations in the arcuate nucleus of the hypothalamus (ARH) of offspring of wild-type vs. Insr(+/-) dams was performed to determine whether maternal IR affects the formation of central feeding circuits. We found a 20% increase in the number of Pomc-expressing cells at postnatal day 9 in offspring of Insr(+/-) dams. In conclusion, maternal HFD consumption-distinct from overt obesity per se-was a major contributor to increased body weight, adiposity, IR, and liver triglyceride (TG) phenotypes in progeny. Maternal IR played a minor role in predisposing progeny to obesity and IR, though it acted synergistically with maternal HFD to exacerbate early obesity in progeny.
Assessing Liver Fibrosis in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatotic Liver Disease: The Role of Non-invasive Scoring Systems and Associated Factors.; Background Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) constitutes a significant cause of chronic liver disease globally. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a crucial risk factor for MASLD. This investigation is aimed at assessing hepatic fibrosis in T2DM patients with MASLD. Methods This cross-sectional study focused on T2DM patients with MASLD attending a tertiary care center in eastern India. Exclusion criteria were chronic alcohol intake (more than 21 units/week for males and more than 14 units/week for females), other chronic liver diseases, and pregnancy. The study utilized abdominal ultrasonography and transient elastography, complemented by calculating the BARD score, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) fibrosis score, aspartate aminotransferase to platelet ratio index (APRI) score, and fibrosis 4 (FIB-4) index. The prevalence of advanced fibrosis in patients with T2DM and MASLD was assessed using transient elastography. Results Among the 149 T2DM patients with MASLD studied, 59.7% were female, with an average age of 49.09 years and a T2DM duration of 7.3 years. Transaminitis was detected in 9.4% of the subjects. The risk assessment of hepatic fibrosis revealed that 14.1% of patients had a high risk of hepatic fibrosis on BARD scoring, the NAFLD fibrosis score was in the range of F3-F4 in 8.7% of patients, the FIB-4 index showed a high risk of fibrosis in 5.4% of patients, and the APRI scoring showed severe fibrosis in 3.4% of patients. The prevalence of advanced fibrosis in patients with T2DM and MASLD was 7.4% (95% confidence interval (CI) 3.7 to 12.8), while 75.8% (95% CI 68.2 to 82.5) of participants had at least some level of hepatic fibrosis as measured by transient elastography. Notably, there was a significant positive correlation between these scores and the duration of diabetes and serum bilirubin levels, as corroborated by concordant transient elastography findings. On multivariate logistic regression, systolic blood pressure, serum total bilirubin level, and serum aspartate aminotransferase level had significant predictive value for advanced hepatic fibrosis. Conclusion The significant predictive value of systolic blood pressure, serum total bilirubin level, and serum aspartate aminotransferase level for hepatic fibrosis emphasizes the importance of integrated monitoring for these patients.
Site-specific changes in the expression of fat-partitioning genes in weanling rats exposed to a low-protein diet in utero.; OBJECTIVE: Intrauterine growth restriction is associated with increased prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in adult life, including increased adiposity. The aim of this study was to investigate if maternal protein energy malnutrition is associated with changes in expression of genes involved in fat partitioning in weanling rats. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Time-mated mothers were placed on one of two isocaloric diets, low protein [(LP), 8% protein] or control (20% protein). All mothers remained on the diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. A third group received control for 2 weeks and was switched to LP for the last week of pregnancy and lactation [late low protein (LLP) group]. Offspring were analyzed at weaning for serum glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, triglyceride, and insulin. Expression of the genes acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase, fatty acid synthase, and carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1 were measured in liver, quadriceps muscle, and subcutaneous white adipose tissue using semiquantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: LLP and LP offspring were shorter, weighed less, had reduced serum insulin and nonesterified fatty acids, and had increased serum glucose, serum triglycerides, and hepatic triglycerides. Hepatic gene expression of acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase and fatty acid synthase was increased 2-fold in LLP and LP offspring (p < 0.001). These changes were not seen in muscle or subcutaneous white adipose tissue. CPT-1 gene expression was unaltered in all tissues examined. DISCUSSION: Maternal protein energy malnutrition programs gene expression of lipogenic enzymes in the liver of weanling offspring in a manner favoring fat synthesis that may predispose these offspring to fat accumulation and insulin resistance later in life.
Alström Syndrome.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Alström syndrome is characterized by cone-rod dystrophy, obesity, progressive bilateral sensorineural hearing impairment, acute infantile-onset cardiomyopathy and/or adolescent- or adult-onset restrictive cardiomyopathy, insulin resistance / type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and chronic progressive kidney disease. Cone-rod dystrophy presents as progressive visual impairment, photophobia, and nystagmus usually starting between birth and age 15 months. Many individuals lose all perception of light by the end of the second decade, but a minority retain the ability to read large print into the third decade. Children usually have normal birth weight but develop truncal obesity during their first year. Sensorineural hearing loss presents in the first decade in as many as 70% of individuals and may progress to the severe or moderately severe range (40-70 db) by the end of the first to second decade. Insulin resistance is typically accompanied by the skin changes of acanthosis nigricans, and proceeds to T2DM in the majority by the third decade. Nearly all demonstrate hypertriglyceridemia. Other findings can include endocrine abnormalities (hypothyroidism, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in males, and hyperandrogenism in females), urologic dysfunction / detrusor instability, progressive decrease in renal function, and hepatic disease (ranging from elevated transaminases to steatohepatitis/NAFLD). Approximately 20% of affected individuals have delay in early developmental milestones, most commonly in gross and fine motor skills. About 30% have a learning disability. Cognitive impairment (IQ <70) is very rare. Wide clinical variability is observed among affected individuals, even within the same family. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The clinical diagnosis of Alström syndrome is based on cardinal clinical features that emerge throughout infancy, childhood, and young adulthood. The molecular diagnosis of Alström syndrome is established in individuals of all ages by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in ALMS1 on molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: No therapy exists to prevent the progressive organ involvement of Alström syndrome. Individuals with Alström syndrome require coordinated multidisciplinary care to formulate management and therapeutic interventions. Red-orange tinted prescription lenses may reduce symptoms of photodysphoria; early educational planning should be based on the certainty of blindness. Obesity and insulin resistance are managed by a healthful, reduced-calorie diet with restricted simple carbohydrate intake and regular aerobic exercise. Myringotomy and/or hearing aids as needed for hearing impairment. Standard therapy for heart failure / cardiomyopathy. Standard treatment of insulin resistance / T2DM as in the general population. Consider nicotinic acid derivatives for hyperlipidemia; consultation with an endocrinologist if pubertal development and/or menses are abnormal; urinary diversion or self-catheterization in those with voiding difficulties; renal transplantation has been successful in a number of cases; appropriate therapy for portal hypertension and esophageal varices. Surveillance: Routine assessment of vision and hearing; weight, height, and body mass index; heart (including echocardiography and EKG in all individuals, and MRI in those age >18 years); postprandial c-peptide and glucose and HbA1C starting at age four years; lipid profile; plasma ALT, AST, and GGT concentrations; thyroid function. Twice-yearly CBC, electrolytes, BUN, creatinine, cystatin-C, uric acid, urinalysis. Renal and bladder ultrasound examinations every one to two years if symptomatic and/or if urinalysis is abnormal. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Any substance contraindicated in persons with renal, hepatic, and/or myocardial disease. Therapy directed at one system may have adverse effects on other systems; for example, the use of glitazone therapy in diabetes mellitus is contraindicated in the presence of cardiac failure. Evaluation of relatives at risk: It is appropriate to clarify the genetic status of apparently asymptomatic older and younger at-risk sibs of an individual with Alström syndrome in order to identify as early as possible those who would benefit from prompt evaluation for manifestations of Alström syndrome, initiation of treatment, and/or surveillance for age-related manifestations. GENETIC COUNSELING: Alström syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. At conception, each sib of an affected individual has a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. When the ALMS1 pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, carrier testing for at-risk relatives, prenatal testing for a pregnancy at increased risk, and preimplantation genetic testing are possible.
Beneficial effects of exercise on offspring obesity and insulin resistance are reduced by maternal high-fat diet.; SCOPE: We investigated the long-term effects of maternal high-fat consumption and post-weaning exercise on offspring obesity susceptibility and insulin resistance. METHODS: C57BL/6J dams were fed either a high-fat (HFD, 40% kcal fat) or low-fat (LFD, 10% kcal fat) semi-synthetic diet during pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, male offspring of both maternal diet groups (mLFD; mHFD) received a LFD. At week 7, half of the mice got access to a running wheel (+RW) as voluntary exercise training. To induce obesity, all offspring groups (mLFD +/-RW and mHFD +/-RW) received HFD from week 15 until week 25. RESULTS: Compared to mLFD, mHFD offspring were more prone to HFD-induced body fat gain and exhibited an increased liver mass which was not due to increased hepatic triglyceride levels. RW improved the endurance capacity in mLFD, but not in mHFD offspring. Additionally, mHFD offspring +RW exhibited higher plasma insulin levels during glucose tolerance test and an elevated basal pancreatic insulin production compared to mLFD offspring. CONCLUSION: Taken together, maternal HFD reduced offspring responsiveness to the beneficial effects of voluntary exercise training regarding the improvement of endurance capacity, reduction of fat mass gain, and amelioration of HFD-induced insulin resistance.
Opposing Actions of Developmental Trichloroethylene and High-Fat Diet Coexposure on Markers of Lipogenesis and Inflammation in Autoimmune-Prone Mice.; Trichloroethylene (TCE) is a widespread environmental pollutant associated with immunotoxicity and autoimmune disease. Previous studies showed that mice exposed from gestation through early life demonstrated CD4+ T cell alterations and autoimmune hepatitis. Determining the role of one environmental risk factor for any disease is complicated by the presence of other stressors. Based on its known effects, we hypothesized that developmental overnutrition in the form of a moderately high-fat diet (HFD) consisting of 40% kcal fat would exacerbate the immunotoxicity and autoimmune-promoting effects of low-level (<10 μg/kg/day) TCE in autoimmune-prone MRL+/+ mice over either stressor alone. When female offspring were evaluated at 27 weeks of age we found that a continuous exposure beginning at 4 weeks preconception in the dams until 10 weeks of age in offspring that TCE and HFD promoted unique effects that were often antagonistic. For a number of adiposity endpoints, TCE significantly reversed the expected effects of HFD on expression of genes involved in fatty acid synthesis/insulin resistance, as well as mean pathology scores of steatosis. Although none of the animals developed pathological signs of autoimmune hepatitis, the mice generated unique patterns of antiliver antibodies detected by western blotting attributable to TCE exposure. A majority of cytokines in liver, gut, and splenic CD4+ T cells were significantly altered by TCE, but not HFD. Levels of bacterial populations in the intestinal ileum were also altered by TCE exposure rather than HFD. Thus, in contrast to our expectations this coexposure did not promote synergistic effects.
The effects of stillbirth and abortion on the next pregnancy: a longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Abortion and stillbirths are the common obstetrics condition in Ethiopia and their effect on the next pregnancy was not well identified in resource limited settings. The aim of the study was to assess the effect of stillbirth and abortion on the next pregnancy. METHODS: A prospective cohort study design was implemented. The study was conducted in Mecha demographic surveillance and field research center catchment areas. The data were collected from January 2015 to March 2019. Epi-info software was used to calculate the sample size. The systematic random sampling technique was used to select stillbirth and abortion women. Poison regression was used to identify the predictors of MCH service utilization; descriptive statistics were used to identify the prevalence of blood borne pathogens. The Kaplan Meier survival curve was used to estimate survival to pregnancy and pregnancy related medical disorders. RESULTS: 1091 stillbirth and 3,026 abortion women were followed. Hepatitis B was present in 6% of abortion and 3.2% of stillbirth women. Hepatitis C was diagnosed in 4.7% of abortion and 0.3% of stillbirth women. HIV was detected in 3% of abortion and 0.8% of stillbirth women. MCH service utilization was determined by knowledge of contraceptives [IRR 1.29, 95% CI 1.18-1.42], tertiary education [IRR 4.29, 95% CI 3.72-4.96], secondary education. [IRR 3.14, 95% CI 2.73-3.61], married women [IRR 2.08, 95% CI 1.84-2.34], family size [IRR 0.67, 95% CI 1.001-1.01], the median time of pregnancy after stillbirth and abortion were 12 months. Ante-partum hemorrhage was observed in 23.1% of pregnant mothers with a past history of abortion cases and post-partum hemorrhage was observed in 25.6% of pregnant mothers with a past history of abortion. PREGNANCY INDUCED DIABETES MELLITUS was observed 14.3% of pregnant mothers with a past history of stillbirth and pregnancy-induced hypertension were observed in 9.2% of mothers with a past history of stillbirth. CONCLUSION: Obstetric hemorrhage was the common complications of abortion women while Pregnancy-induced diabetic Mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension were the most common complications of stillbirth for the next pregnancy.
Maternal low-protein diet alters hepatic lipid accumulation and gene expression related to glucose metabolism in young adult mouse offspring fed a postweaning high-fat diet.; Maternal consumption of low-protein (LP) diet during pregnancy has been demonstrated to increase the chances of adult offspring developing metabolic syndrome, and this risk can be exacerbated when the postnatal diets do not align with the prenatal conditions. However, in our previous study, focusing on serum parameters and gene expression patterns within adipose tissue, we discovered the presence of "healthy obesity" in young adult offspring from dams that were fed an LP, as a response to a postweaning high-fat (HF) diet. Here, we subsequently investigated the role played by the liver and skeletal muscle in alleviation of insulin resistance in male offspring that were fed either control (C/C group) or HF diet (C/HF and LP/HF groups) for 22 weeks. While a postweaning HF diet increased liver weight and hepatic triglyceride (TG) and cholesterol levels in offspring of control dams, these levels were lower in the LP/HF group compared to the C/HF group. Analysis of the liver transcriptome identified 430 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in the LP/HF and C/HF comparison. Especially, downregulated DEGs were enriched in carbohydrate metabolism and the levels of DEGs were significantly correlated with the levels of markers for serum glucose homeostasis and hepatic lipid accumulation. In the LP/HF group compared to the C/HF group, there was a decrease in the gastrocnemius muscle weight, while no differences were observed in gene expression levels associated with muscle fiber phenotype, mitochondrial function, and inflammation. In conclusion, maternal LP diet induced changes in lipid and glucose metabolism within the liver, similar to what was observed in adipose tissue, while there were no alterations in metabolic functions in the skeletal muscle in young offspring mice fed an HF diet. Further research that investigating the enduring impact of nutritional transition on offspring is essential to gain a comprehensive grasp of developmental programming throughout their entire lifespan.
Acute Kidney Injury in Pregnancy: The Changing Landscape for the 21st Century.; Pregnancy-related acute kidney injury (Pr-AKI) remains a large public health problem, with decreasing incidences in developing countries but seemingly increasing incidences in the United States and Canada. These epidemiologic changes are reflective of the advances in medical and obstetric care, as well as changes in underlying maternal risk factors. The risk factors associated with advanced maternal age, such as hypertension, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and those associated with reproductive technologies such as multiple gestations, are increasing. Traditional causes of Pr-AKI, such as septic abortions and puerperal sepsis, have been replaced by hypertensive diseases, such as preeclampsia and thrombotic microangiopathies comprising thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS). In this review, we discuss the global impact of Pr-AKI on maternal and fetal outcomes, the predominant etiologies, and key clinical features to distinguish diagnoses, such as preeclampsia/hemolysis elevated liver function test and low platelet (HELLP) syndrome, acute fatty liver disease of pregnancy (AFLP), and other thrombotic microangiopathies. New insights into the pathogenesis of preeclampsia, TTP/aHUS, and AFLP that have unearthed possible therapeutic targets are summarized. We also delve into special consideration needed to give to pyelonephritis and postobstructive causes of Pr-AKI. With each diagnosis, we offer the latest treatment recommendations, such as the positive reports from the use of eculizumab to treat aHUS. In the end, we hope to arm the clinician with the best tools to understand and address this morbid problem that does not seem to be disappearing.
Insulin Resistance and Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical and Laboratory Associations in African Americans Without Diabetes in the Hemochromatosis and Iron Overload Screening Study.; BACKGROUND: We sought to determine associations with insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in African Americans. METHODS: We studied African American adults without diabetes in a postscreening examination. Participants included Cases: transferrin saturation (TS) >50% and serum ferritin (SF) >300 μg/L (M), and TS >45% and SF >200 μg/L (F), regardless of HFE genotype; and Controls: TS/SF 25th to 75th percentiles and HFE wt/wt (wild type). We excluded participants with fasting <8 h; fasting glucose >126 mg/dL; hepatitis B or C; cirrhosis; pregnancy; or incomplete datasets. We analyzed age; sex; Case/Control; body mass index (BMI); systolic and diastolic blood pressures; neutrophils; lymphocytes; alanine aminotransferase; aspartate aminotransferase; elevated C-reactive protein (CRP >0.5 mg/L); TS; and SF. We computed homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) using fasting serum glucose and insulin, and defined IR as HOMA-IR fourth quartile (≥2.42). RESULTS: There were 312 Cases and 86 Controls (56.3% men). Ninety-one percent had HFE wt/wt. None had HFE p.C282Y. A significant increasing trend across HOMA-IR quartiles was observed for BMI only. Multivariable regression on HOMA-IR revealed significant positive associations: age; BMI; lymphocytes; SF; and CRP >0.5 mg/L; and significant negative associations: neutrophils and TS. Logistic regression on IR revealed BMI [odds ratio (OR) 1.3 (95% confidence interval 1.2-1.4)] and CRP >0.5 mg/L [OR 2.7 (1.2-6.3)]. Fourteen participants (3.5%) had MetS. Logistic regression on MetS revealed one association: IR [OR 7.4 (2.1-25.2)]. CONCLUSIONS: In African Americans without diabetes, IR was associated with BMI and CRP >0.5 mg/L, after adjustment for other variables. MetS was associated with IR alone.
Association of Maternal Dietary Components During Pregnancy and/or Lactation with Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.; CONTEXT: Considering the increasing trend in the incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), the identification of its environmental determinants, especially those related to the prenatal and lactation period, might ultimately result in primary prevention of the disease. We aimed to review the evidence of the association between mothers' dietary components during pregnancy and/or lactation with T1DM. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: An electronic and comprehensive literature search was performed until August 2019 in the international databases, including Web of Science (ISI), PubMed, and Scopus, using the following keywords: type 1 diabetes mellitus, autoimmunity, mother, maternal, diet and lactation in different combinations. Papers related to the objectives of the study were selected. RESULTS: Based on our review, the maternal consumption of meat, especially processed meat, was associated with increased risk of T1DM, whereas the maternal use of vegetables, potato, low-fat margarine, and berries showed protective effects against the development of T1DM in offspring. There was no significant association between the use of multivitamins and mineral supplements with T1DM, according to the available data. The results of the reviewed studies regarding the association between the maternal use of vitamin D, fatty acids, and coffee during pregnancy with T1DM were not consistent and conclusive. CONCLUSIONS: Findings of this review indicate that the maternal consumption of some foods is associated with increased or decreased risk of T1DM. However, for some foods or dietary components, including coffee, vitamin D, and fatty acids, the results are not conclusive. We conclude that although maternal diet could influence the development of insulin autoantibodies (IA) and T1DM in offspring, there is no sufficient evidence for most nutrients, and available data are controversial, which should be dealt with in future cohort or interventional studies.
New approaches to the management of hepatitis and endocrine disorders in Cooley's anemia.; Hepatitis C infection is common in patients receiving life-long blood transfusion therapy. Interferon-alpha induces long-term viral clearance in 25-30% of patients suffering from Cooley's anemia. Ribavirin, an orally active guanoside analogue together with interferon-alpha produces a sustained response in up to 40% of patients with cirrhosis, who had previously failed single agent treatment. Growth retardation in iron-overloaded patients is the result of growth hormone deficiency in up to 30% of patients. Height gain can be successfully achieved in these patients with growth hormone treatment. Pregnancy in women with Cooley's anemia is now a reality, and over 100 pregnancies have been documented. Conception may be spontaneous or the result of ovulation induction. Cardiomyopathy and diabetes require careful assessment in these patients before a decision is made to treat with gonadotrophins to induce ovulation.
Type of fatty acids in maternal diets during pregnancy and/or lactation and metabolic consequences of the offspring.; During pregnancy and/or lactation, maternal nutrition is related to the adequate development of the fetus, newborn and future adult, likely by modifications in fetal programming and epigenetic regulation. Fetal programming is characterized by adaptive responses to specific environmental conditions during early life stages, which may alter gene expression and permanently affect the structure and function of several organs and tissues, thus influencing the susceptibility to metabolic disorders. Regarding lipid metabolism during the first two trimesters of pregnancy, the maternal body accumulates fat, whereas in late pregnancy, the lipolytic activity in the maternal adipose tissue is increased. However, an excess or deficiency of certain fatty acids may lead to adverse consequences to the fetuses and newborns. Fetal exposure to trans fatty acids appears to promote early deleterious effects in the offspring's health, thereby increasing the individual risk for developing metabolic diseases throughout life. Similarly, the maternal intake of saturated fatty acids seems to trigger alterations in the liver and adipose tissue function associated with insulin resistance and diabetes. The polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly long-chain PUFAs (long-chain PUFA-arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid), play an important and beneficial physiologic role in the offspring who receive this fatty acid during critical periods of development. Therefore, the maternal nutritional condition and fatty acid intake during pregnancy and/or lactation are critical factors that are strongly associated with normal fetal and postnatal development, which influence the modifications in fetal programming and in the individual risk for developing metabolic diseases throughout life.
Maternal Fat-1 Transgene Protects Offspring from Excess Weight Gain, Oxidative Stress, and Reduced Fatty Acid Oxidation in Response to High-Fat Diet.; Overweight and obesity accompanies up to 70% of pregnancies and is a strong risk factor for offspring metabolic disease. Maternal obesity-associated inflammation and lipid profile are hypothesized as important contributors to excess offspring liver and skeletal muscle lipid deposition and oxidative stress. Here, we tested whether dams expressing the fat-1 transgene, which endogenously converts omega-6 (n-6) to omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid, could protect wild-type (WT) offspring against high-fat diet induced weight gain, oxidative stress, and disrupted mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation. Despite similar body mass at weaning, offspring from fat-1 high-fat-fed dams gained less weight compared with offspring from WT high-fat-fed dams. In particular, WT males from fat-1 high-fat-fed dams were protected from post-weaning high-fat diet induced weight gain, reduced fatty acid oxidation, or excess oxidative stress compared with offspring of WT high-fat-fed dams. Adult offspring of WT high-fat-fed dams exhibited greater skeletal muscle triglycerides and reduced skeletal muscle antioxidant defense and redox balance compared with offspring of WT dams on control diet. Fat-1 offspring were protected from the reduced fatty acid oxidation and excess oxidative stress observed in offspring of WT high-fat-fed dams. These results indicate that a maternal fat-1 transgene has protective effects against offspring liver and skeletal muscle lipotoxicity resulting from a maternal high-fat diet, particularly in males. Altering maternal fatty acid composition, without changing maternal dietary composition or weight gain with high-fat feeding, may highlight important strategies for n-3-based prevention of developmental programming of obesity and its complications.
Maternal vitamin B(12) deficiency in rats alters DNA methylation in metabolically important genes in their offspring.; Vitamin B(12) deficiency is a critical problem worldwide and peri-conceptional deficiency of this vitamin is associated with the risk of complex cardio-metabolic diseases. Nutritional perturbations during these stages of development may lead to changes in the fetal epigenome. Using Wistar rat model system, we have earlier shown that low maternal B(12) levels are associated with low birth weight, adiposity, insulin resistance, and increased triglyceride levels in the offspring, which might predispose them to the risk of cardio-metabolic diseases in adulthood. In this study, we have investigated the effects of maternal B(12) deficiency on genome-wide DNA methylation profile of the offspring and the effect of rehabilitation of mothers with B(12) at conception. We have performed methylated DNA immunoprecipitation sequencing of liver from pups in four groups of Wistar rats: Control (C), B(12)-restricted (B(12)R), B(12)-rehabilitated at conception (B(12)RC), and B(12)-rehabilitated at parturition (B(12)RP). We have analyzed differentially methylated signatures between the three groups as compared to controls. We have identified a total of 214 hypermethylated and 142 hypomethylated regions in the 10 kb upstream region of transcription start site in pups of B(12)-deficient mothers, which are enriched in genes involved in fatty acid metabolism and mitochondrial transport/metabolism. B(12) rehabilitation at conception and parturition is responsible for reversal of methylation status of many of these regions to control levels suggesting a causal association with metabolic phenotypes. Thus, maternal B(12) restriction alters DNA methylation of genes involved in important metabolic processes and influences the offspring phenotype, which is reversed by B(12) rehabilitation of mothers at conception.
Management of hepatitis B: summary of a clinical research workshop.; Chronic hepatitis B is caused by persistent infection with the hepatitis B virus (HBV), a unique DNA virus that replicates through an RNA intermediate produced from a stable covalently closed circular DNA molecule. Viral persistence appears to be due to inadequate innate and adaptive immune responses. Chronic infection has a variable course after several decades resulting in cirrhosis in up to one-third of patients and liver cancer in a proportion of those with cirrhosis. Sensitive assays for HBV DNA levels in serum have been developed that provide important insights into pathogenesis and natural history. Therapy of hepatitis B is evolving. Peginterferon induces long-term remissions in disease in one-third of patients with typical hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) positive chronic hepatitis B, but a lesser proportion of those without HBeAg. Several oral nucleoside analogues with activity against HBV have been shown to be effective in suppressing viral levels and improving biochemical and histological features of disease in a high proportion of patients with and without HBeAg, at least in the short term. What is uncertain is which agent or combination of agents is most effective, how long therapy should last, and which criteria should be used to start, continue, switch or stop therapy. Long-term therapy with nucleoside analogues may be the most appropriate approach to treatment, but the expense and lack of data on long-term safety and efficacy make recommendations difficult. Clearly, many basic and clinical research challenges remain in defining optimal means of management of chronic hepatitis B.
Pregnancy outcome in liver transplant recipients.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate pregnancy course, complications, and outcomes in liver transplant recipients. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of 38 pregnancies conceived between 1992 and 2002 in 29 women who underwent liver transplantation at Mount Sinai Medical Center. RESULTS: The most common primary liver disease was autoimmune hepatitis. All patients were on immunosuppressive regimens that included cyclosporine A or tacrolimus. There were four spontaneous first-trimester abortions and ten first-trimester terminations for worsening liver function. The interval from transplantation to pregnancy was shorter in the group that had abortions and terminations (24.4 +/- 24.3 months) as compared with the group that had live births (47.8 +/- 28.7 months), P =.02. There were 24 live births to 20 patients. The mean gestational age at delivery was 36.4 weeks, and the mean birth weight was 2762 g. Pregnancy complications included preeclampsia (20.8%), chronic hypertension (20.8%), hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets syndrome (8.3%), creatinine 1.3 mg/dL or more (25.0%), anemia (33.3%), diabetes (37.5%), cesarean delivery (45.8%), preterm birth less than 37 weeks (29.2%), intrauterine growth restriction (16.7%), and biopsy-proven graft rejection during pregnancy (16.7%). There were no intrauterine or neonatal deaths. All 5-minute Apgar scores were greater than 7. Four minor congenital anomalies were noted. Before 1997, there were five maternal deaths, 10-54 months after pregnancy. Pregnancy complications in our population were more common in those patients who delivered from 1992 to 1997 than in those who delivered from 1998 to 2002. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy planned at least 2 years after liver transplantation with stable allograft function can have excellent maternal and neonatal outcome.
Social class and all-cause mortality in an urban population of North India.; BACKGROUND: There is a rapid emergence of cardiovascular disease in India with economic development, leading to an increase in mortality due to these diseases. The exact causes of death in India, however, are not known. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We studied randomly selected death records from 2222 (1385 men and 837 women) victims, aged 25-64 years, out of 3034 death records during 1999-2001 at the Municipal Corporation, Moradabad. All the families of these victims could be contacted individually to find out the causes of death, by scientists/doctors-administered pre-tested verbal autopsy questionnaires, completed with the help of spouses and local treating doctors practising in the concerned lane. Social classes were assessed by a questionnaire based on attributes of per capita income, occupation, education, housing and ownership of consumer luxury items in the household. RESULTS: Causes of mortality included infectious diseases (41.1%, n = 915) such as tuberculosis, pneumonia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diarrhea/dysentery, hepatitis B, and inflammatory brain infections as the commonest causes of death in the urban population of North India. The second most common causes of death were circulatory diseases (29.1%, n = 646), including heart attacks (10.0%), strokes (7.8%), valvular heart disease (7.2%, n = 160), sudden cardiac death, and inflammatory cardiac disease (each 2.0%, n = 44). Malignant neoplasm (5.8%, n = 131), injury (14.0%, n = 313), including accidents, fire and falls, and poisonings were also quite common causes of death. Miscellaneous causes of death were noted in 9.1% (n = 202) death records, including diabetes mellitus (2.2%, n = 49), suicides (1.8%, n = 41), congenital anomalies (1.0, n = 37), dental caries infections (1.9, n = 42), and burns (1.3%, n = 33). Pregnancy and perinatal causes (0.72%, n = 15) were not commonly recorded in our study. Circulatory diseases as the cause of mortality were statistically significantly more common among higher social classes (1-3) than in lower social classes (4 and 5) whose members died more often due to infections. Heart attacks, strokes, hypertension, diabetes and obesity were statistically significantly more common among higher social classes (1-3) as compared to classes 3 and 4, but tobacco intake showed only minor differences among various classes. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that circulatory diseases, injury and malignant diseases have become the major causes of death in India, after infections. Members of social classes 1-3 died more often due to circulatory diseases and members in lower social classes died more often due to infections. Urbanization with rapid changes in diet and lifestyle in various social classes, and possibly aging of the population seem to be responsible for the double burden of diseases, related to under- and over-nutrition, causing death in a developing economy. Monitoring of blood pressure and heart rate around the clock for 7 days, with data analysed chronobiologically can detect abnormal circadian patterns associated with a large increase in cardiovascular disease risk, greater than hypertension itself, allowing the institution of prophylactic treatment. Such prehabilitation may be particularly useful to curb the increasing burden of cardiovascular diseases in both developed and developing countries.
Circulating low-density lipoprotein ceramide concentrations increase in Holstein dairy cows transitioning from gestation to lactation.; Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) ceramide causes insulin resistance in obese diabetic nonruminants. Because previous work suggests that liver-derived ceramide may impair insulin action in postpartum cows, our objectives were to characterize peripartal changes in lipoprotein ceramides. We further studied the effects of prepartum adiposity on lipoprotein ceramide levels. Twenty-eight pregnant Holstein cows (parity = 3.65 ± 1.62) with lean (body condition score, BCS = 2.97 ± 0.16; body weight, BW = 630 ± 55.2 kg; n = 15) or overweight (BCS = 3.93 ± 0.27; BW = 766 ± 46.1 kg; n = 13) body condition 28 d before expected parturition were evaluated. Sampling occurred on d -20.5 ± 1.74, -13.8 ± 1.71, -7.84 ± 4.07, -6.71 ± 1.00, -3.92 ± 0.64, and -1.28 ± 0.61 (before parturition); daily until d 8 postpartum; and on d 10, 12, 14, 21, and 28. Adipose tissue and liver were biopsied on d -7.84 ± 4.07 and 10. Postpartum insulin sensitivity was assessed using the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. Lipoprotein fractions were isolated using liquid chromatography. Sphingolipids were quantified using mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed using a mixed model with repeated measures. Overweight cows had a higher BCS and BW at enrollment relative to lean cows, but BCS and BW were similar postpartum. Overweight cows lost more body condition (0.97 ± 0.36 vs. 0.55 ± 0.16 BCS units) and BW (291 ± 67.3 vs. 202 ± 54.5 kg) during transition relative to lean cows. Adipocyte volume and counts declined from prepartum to postpartum (50.4 and 13.7%, respectively), and adipocyte volume was greater (48.2%) in overweight cows prepartum relative to lean cows. Although DMI was comparable between BCS groups, milk yield tended to be greater in overweight cows. Plasma free fatty acid and β-hydroxybutyrate and liver lipid levels were 40, 16, and 37% greater, respectively, in overweight cows compared with lean cows. Glucose infusion rate during the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp tended to be lower in overweight cows. Ceramide levels within triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein fractions declined postpartum, whereas LDL ceramide increased postpartum. Overweight cows had lower triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein C16:0-ceramide levels relative to lean cows. Prepartum LDL C24:0-ceramide levels were greater in overweight cows relative to lean cows. Independent of prepartum adiposity, we concluded that serum LDL ceramide levels are elevated in early-lactation cows experiencing adipose tissue free fatty acid mobilization and hepatic steatosis.
The metabolic conditioning of obesity: A review of the pathogenesis of obesity and the epigenetic pathways that "program" obesity from conception.; Understanding the developmental origins of health and disease is integral to overcome the global tide of obesity and its metabolic consequences, including atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The rising prevalence of obesity has been attributed, in part, to environmental factors including the globalization of the western diet and unhealthy lifestyle choices. In this review we argue that how and when such exposures come into play from conception significantly impact overall risk of obesity and later health outcomes. While the laws of thermodynamics dictate that obesity is caused by an imbalance between caloric intake and energy expenditure, the drivers of each of these may be laid down before the manifestation of the phenotype. We present evidence over the last half-century that suggests that the temporospatial evolution of obesity from intrauterine life and beyond is, in part, due to the conditioning of physiological processes at critical developmental periods that results in maladaptive responses to obesogenic exposures later in life. We begin the review by introducing studies that describe an association between perinatal factors and later risk of obesity. After a brief discussion of the pathogenesis of obesity, including the systemic regulation of appetite, adiposity, and basal metabolic rate, we delve into the mechanics of how intrauterine, postnatal and early childhood metabolic environments may contribute to adult obesity risk through the process of metabolic conditioning. Finally, we detail the specific epigenetic pathways identified both in preclinical and clinical studies that synergistically "program" obesity.
Maternal exposure to high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation predisposes normal weight offspring mice to develop hepatic inflammation and insulin resistance.; Increasing evidence shows a potential link between the perinatal nutrient environment and metabolic outcome in offspring. Here, we investigated the effects of maternal feeding of a high-fat diet (HFD) during the perinatal period on hepatic metabolism and inflammation in male offspring mice at weaning and in early adulthood. Female C57BL/6 J mice were fed HFD or normal chow (NC) for 4 weeks before mating and during pregnancy and lactation. The male offspring mice were weaned onto an NC diet, and metabolic and molecular experiments were performed in early adulthood. At postnatal day 21, male offspring mice from HFD-fed dams (Off-HFD) showed significant increases in whole body fat mass and fasting levels of glucose, insulin, and cholesterol compared to male offspring mice from NC-fed dams (Off-NC). The RT-qPCR analysis showed two- to fivefold increases in hepatic inflammatory markers (MCP-1, IL-1β, and F4/80) in Off-HFD mice. Hepatic expression of G6Pase and PEPCK was elevated by fivefold in the Off-HFD mice compared to the Off-NC mice. Hepatic expression of GLUT4, IRS-1, and PDK4, as well as lipid metabolic genes, CD36, SREBP1c, and SCD1 were increased in the Off-HFD mice compared to the Off-NC mice. In contrast, CPT1a mRNA levels were reduced by 60% in the Off-HFD mice. At postnatal day 70, despite comparable body weights to the Off-NC mice, Off-HFD mice developed hepatic inflammation with increased expression of MCP-1, CD68, F4/80, and CD36 compared to the Off-NC mice. Despite normal body weight, Off-HFD mice developed insulin resistance with defects in hepatic insulin action and insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and brown fat, and these metabolic effects were associated with hepatic inflammation in Off-HFD mice. Our findings indicate hidden, lasting effects of maternal exposure to HFD during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic homeostasis of normal weight offspring mice.
Pioglitazone therapy in mouse offspring exposed to maternal obesity.; OBJECTIVE: Pioglitazone (PIO), an antidiabetic drug of the thiazolidinedione family, improves glucose and lipid metabolism in muscle, adipose, and liver tissues via peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma activation. We hypothesize that PIO therapy will improve the metabolic status of offspring exposed to maternal obesity in a mouse model developmentally programmed for metabolic syndrome. STUDY DESIGN: CD-1 female mice were fed a high-fat diet for 3 months prior to breeding and throughout pregnancy and lactation. The pups were weaned to a standard-fat diet. Offspring were randomly assigned to receive 40 mg/kg of PIO in 0.5% of methyl cellulose or 0.5% methyl cellulose by daily oral gavage for 2 weeks. The pre- and posttreatment total body weights of the pups were recorded. Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue were evaluated using microcomputed tomography. Serum analytes were measured. After treatment, minimally invasive microendoscopic fluorescence confocal imaging and intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests were performed. The data were analyzed using appropriate statistical tests (significance, P < .05). RESULTS: PIO therapy resulted in lower total body weight and lower visceral adipose tissue gain and increased subcutaneous adipose tissue. PIO significantly lowered triglycerides, insulin levels, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in males and fasting glucose in females. There was a trend toward larger adipocyte size. CONCLUSION: Short-term PIO therapy in the offspring of obese mothers attenuates metabolic changes associated with the developmental programming of metabolic syndrome. These novel data suggest a potential role for drugs that activate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma receptors to prevent metabolic syndrome in the adult offspring at risk to develop metabolic alterations.
Fructose might be a clue to the origin of preeclampsia insights from nature and evolution.; Preeclampsia is a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and is due to abnormal placentation. The pathogenesis remains unclear. Fructose is biologically distinct from glucose and has a critical role in fetal growth in early pregnancy. Many species, including humans, produce fructose in their placenta during the first trimester to assist fetal growth and survival during a time when hypoxia is significant. Fructose is preferred over glucose in hypoxic tissues, and in the developing fetus, fructose has a critical role in stimulating the production of nucleic acids, lipids and glycosaminoglycans. Fructose production normally decreases significantly following the establishment of maternal-fetal circulation following placentation. However, if there is impaired placentation, local hypoxia will continue to drive fructose production. Excessive fructose metabolism drives endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, elevated blood pressure, insulin resistance, fatty liver, and a rise in uric acid and vasopressin levels, all of which are features of the preeclamptic state. In addition to fructose production, dietary fructose, for example, from soft drinks, would be additive and has been reported to be a strong independent risk factor for preeclampsia. Uric acid-associated endothelial dysfunction disturbs the invasion of the spiral artery, leading to placental ischemia and further placental hypoxia. Here, we summarize the previous literature regarding the physiological and pathological roles of fructose in pregnancy and propose studies to further investigate the pathogenesis of preeclampsia. Fructose might be a Clue to the Origin of Preeclampsia Insights from Nature and Evolution Preeclampsia is a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. The pathogenesis remains unclear. Fructose has a critical role in fetal growth in early pregnancy, and might be a key role to developing preeclampsia. Here, we summarize the previous literatures regarding the physiological andpathological roles of fructose in pregnancy to propose studies to further investigate the pathogenesis of preeclampsia.
Neonatal exendin-4 treatment reduces oxidative stress and prevents hepatic insulin resistance in intrauterine growth-retarded rats.; Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) has been linked to the development of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. We have developed an IUGR model in the rat whereby the animals develop diabetes later in life. Previous studies demonstrate that administration of the long-acting glucagon-like-peptide-1 agonist, exendin-4, during the neonatal period prevents the development of diabetes in IUGR rats. IUGR animals exhibit hepatic insulin resistance early in life (prior to the onset of hyperglycemia), characterized by blunted suppression of hepatic glucose production (HGP) in response to insulin. Basal HGP is also significantly higher in IUGR rats. We hypothesized that neonatal administration of exendin-4 would prevent the development of hepatic insulin resistance. IUGR and control rats were given exendin-4 on days 1-6 of life. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies showed that Ex-4 significantly reduced basal HGP by 20% and normalized insulin suppression of HGP in IUGR rats. While Ex-4 decreased body weight and fat content in both Control and IUGR animals, these differences were only statistically significant in Controls. Exendin-4 prevented development of oxidative stress in liver and reversed insulin-signaling defects in vivo, thereby preventing the development of hepatic insulin resistance. Defects in glucose disposal and suppression of hepatic glucose production in response to insulin were reversed. Similar results were obtained in isolated Ex-4-treated neonatal hepatocytes. These results indicate that exposure to exendin-4 in the newborn period reverses the adverse consequences of fetal programming and prevents the development of hepatic insulin resistance.
Programming effects of maternal and gestational obesity on offspring metabolism and metabolic inflammation.; With the increasing prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age there is a need to understand the ramifications of this on offspring. The purpose of this study is to investigate the programming effects of maternal obesity during preconception and the preconception/gestational period on adiposity and adipose tissue inflammation in offspring using an animal model. Adult female C57Bl/6J mice were assigned either normal diet, high fat diet (HFD) prior to pregnancy, or HFD prior to and through pregnancy. Some offspring were maintained on normal diet while others started HFD later in life. Offspring were assessed for body composition and metabolic responses. Lipid storing tissues were evaluated for expansion and inflammation. Male offspring from the preconception group had the greatest weight gain, most subcutaneous adipose tissue, and largest liver mass when introduced to postnatal HFD. Male offspring of the preconception/gestation group had worsened glucose tolerance and an increase in resident (CD11c(-)) adipose tissue macrophages (ATMs) when exposed to postnatal HFD. Female offspring had no significant difference in any parameter between the diet treatment groups. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that prenatal and pregnancy windows have independent programming effects on offspring. Preconception exposure affects body composition and adiposity while gestation exposure affects metabolism and tissue immune cell phenotypes.
Oxidative stress programming in a rat model of postnatal early overnutrition--role of insulin resistance.; Postnatal early overfeeding (EO) is related to later development of overweight and other metabolic disorders. As oxidative stress is implicated in most human diseases, as obesity and diabetes, we decided to study some parameters related to oxidative stress and insulin signaling in liver from EO animals in adult life. To induce EO, litter size was reduced to three pups per litter (SL: small litter) and groups with normal litter size (NL:10 pups per litter) were used as control. After weaning, rats had free access to standard diet and water. Body weight and food intake were monitored daily and offspring were killed at 180 days-old. Significant differences had P<.05 or less. As expected, SL rats had hyperphagia, higher body weight and higher visceral fat mass at weaning and adulthood. In liver, postnatal EO programmed for lower catalase (-42%), superoxide dismutase (-45%) and glutathione peroxidase (-65%) activities. The evaluation of liver injury in adult SL group showed lower nitrite content (-10%), higher liver and plasma malondialdehyde content (+25% and 1.1-fold increase, respectively). No changes of total protein bound carbonyl or Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase protein expression in liver were detected between the groups. Regarding insulin signaling pathway in liver, SL offspring showed lower IRβ (-66%), IRS1 (-50%), phospho-IRS1 (-73%), PI3-K (-30%) and Akt1 (-58%). Indeed, morphological analysis showed that SL rats presented focal areas of inflammatory cell infiltrate and lipid drops in their cytoplasm characterizing a microsteatosis. Thus, we evidenced that postnatal EO can program the oxidative stress in liver, maybe contributing for impairment of the insulin signaling.
Maternal Inulin Supplementation Alters Hepatic DNA Methylation Profile and Improves Glucose Metabolism in Offspring Mice.; SCOPE: As a prebiotic, inulin may have a protective effect on glucose metabolism. However, the mechanism of inulin treatment on glucose intolerance in offspring exposed to a maternal high-fat (HF) diet is still not clear. Here, we examined the hepatic DNA methylation profile to determine how maternal inulin supplementation modified glucose metabolism in offspring mice. PROCEDURES: Female mice were fed a HF diet, control diet (CON), or a HF diet with inulin supplementation (HF-inulin) during gestation and lactation. Upon weaning, pup livers were obtained. A hepatic genome DNA methylation array was performed. RESULTS: Pups exposed to a maternal HF diet exhibited glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. Maternal inulin treatment moderated glucose metabolism. A DNA methylation array identified differentially methylated regions associated with 970 annotated genes from pups exposed to a HF diet in response to maternal inulin treatment. In particular, the wingless-type MMTV integration site family member 5A (Wnt5a) gene was hypermethylated, and the phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit type 2 alpha (Pik3c2a), phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit type 2 beta (Pik3c2b), and phosphoinositide-3-kinase regulatory subunit 2 (Pik3r2) genes were hypomethylated in inulin-treated pups. Consistently, hepatic Wnt5a gene expression was reduced and Pik3c2a, Pik3c2b, and Pik3r2 gene expression were increased in the inulin group. CONCLUSION: Maternal inulin treatment improved glucose intolerance by changing DNA methylation and gene expression of Wnt5a and Pi3k in mice exposed to a maternal HF diet.
Insulin resistance is a two-sided mechanism acting under opposite catabolic and anabolic conditions.; The survival of multi-cellular organisms depends on the organism ability to maintain glucose homeostasis for time of low/high nutrient availability or high energy needs, and the ability to fight infections or stress. These effects are realized through the insulin controlled transport of blood glucose into the insulin-responsive cells such as muscle, fat and liver cells. Reduction in the ability of these cells to take glucose from the blood in response to normal circulating levels of insulin is known as insulin resistance (IR). Chronic IR is a key pathological feature of obesity, type 2 diabetes, sepsis and cancer cachexia, however temporal IR are widely met in fasting/ hibernation, pregnancy, anti-bacterial immunity, exercise and stress. Paradoxically, a certain part of the IR-cases is associated with catabolic metabolism, whereas the other is related to anabolic pathways. How can this paradoxical IR-response be explained? What is the metabolic basis of this IR variability and its physiological and pathological impacts? An answer to these questions might be achieved through the hypothesis in which IR is considered as a two-sided mechanism acting under opposite metabolic conditions (catabolism and anabolism) but with the common aim to sustain glucose homeostasis in a wide metabolic range. To test this hypothesis, I examined the main metabolic distinctions between the varied IR-cases and their dependence on the blood glucose concentration, level of the IR-threshold, and catabolic/anabolic activation. On the basis of the established interrelations, a simple model of IR-distribution has been developed. The model revealed the «U-type distribution» form with separation into two main IR-groups, each determined in the catabolic or anabolic conditions with one exception - type 2 diabetes and its paradoxical catabolic activation in anabolic conditions. The dual opposing (or complementary) role for the IR opens a new possibility for better understanding the cause and consequences of transition from adaptive IR-responses to its pathological forms.
Comprehensive clinical management of polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 6-7% of reproductive-aged women. Although the diagnostic criteria for PCOS have been debated, it is frequently characterized by hyperandrogenism (hirsutism, acne, male-pattern hair loss), oligo-anovulation, and polycystic ovaries on ultrasound. The reproductive and metabolic complications associated with the syndrome can be serious, so a comprehensive approach to the evaluation and treatment of affected women is important. Menstrual cycle control is necessary to prevent endometrial hyperplasia, and this can be accomplished with hormonal contraception, progesterone therapy, and weight loss (if overweight). In women desiring pregnancy, commonly used ovulation induction therapies include weight loss, clomiphene citrate, and/or metformin. Cosmetic issues such as hirsutism, acne and male-pattern hair loss can be challenging to cope with. Treatment options include estrogen-containing hormonal contraceptive agents, antiandrogens, and topical agents. More permanent hair reduction can be achieved with electrolysis and laser therapy. Evaluation of metabolic complications includes risk assessment for diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Women with PCOS should also be screened for sleep apnea, as this has been reported to occur more commonly in women with PCOS. Finally, mental health issues such as depression and eating disorders may be present. Many of the complications associated with PCOS can be managed with therapeutic lifestyle change, including a healthy diet, exercise, weight loss (if overweight), and psychological support. Pharmacological therapies are also available to effectively regulate menstrual cycles and manage cosmetic complications. This article will review the current diagnostic and therapeutic strategies in PCOS.
Replacing smoking with vaping during pregnancy: Impacts on metabolic health in mice.; Smoking is a significant risk factor for the development of metabolic diseases. Due to social pressures to quit smoking, many pregnant women are vaping as an alternative nicotine source. However, the metabolic consequences of replacing tobacco cigarettes with e-cigarettes during pregnancy are unknown. Therefore, in the mothers and their offspring, we investigated the metabolic and hepatic impacts of replacing cigarette smoke with e-vapour during pregnancy. Female BALB/c mice were either air-exposed or cigarette smoke-exposed (SE) from six weeks before pregnancy until lactation. At mating, a subset of the SE mice were instead exposed to e-vapour. Markers of glucose and lipid metabolism were measured in the livers and plasma, from the mothers and their male offspring (13 weeks). In the SE mothers, plasma insulin levels were reduced, leading to downstream increases in hepatic gluconeogenesis and plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). In the e-vapour replacement mothers, these changes were not as significant. In the SE offspring, there was impaired glucose tolerance, and increased plasma NEFA and liver triglyceride concentrations. E-vapour replacement restored lipid homeostasis but did not improve glucose tolerance. Therefore, in a murine model, low dose e-cigarette replacement during pregnancy is less toxic than cigarette smoke.
Maternal overweight programs insulin and adiponectin signaling in the offspring.; Gestational exposure to maternal overweight (OW) influences the risk of obesity in adult life. Male offspring from OW dams gain greater body weight and fat mass and develop insulin resistance when fed high-fat diets (45% fat). In this report, we identify molecular targets of maternal OW-induced programming at postnatal d 21 before challenge with the high-fat diet. We conducted global transcriptome profiling, gene/protein expression analyses, and characterization of downstream signaling of insulin and adiponectin pathways in conjunction with endocrine and biochemical characterization. Offspring born to OW dams displayed increased serum insulin, leptin, and resistin levels (P < 0.05) at postnatal d 21 preceding changes in body composition. A lipogenic transcriptome signature in the liver, before development of obesity, was evident in OW-dam offspring. A coordinated locus of 20 sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1-regulated target genes was induced by maternal OW. Increased nuclear levels of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 and recruitment to the fatty acid synthase promoter were confirmed via ELISA and chromatin immunoprecipitation analyses, respectively. Higher fatty acid synthase and acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase protein and pAKT (Thr(308)) and phospho-insulin receptor-beta were confirmed via immunoblotting. Maternal OW also attenuated AMP kinase/peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha signaling in the offspring liver, including transcriptional down-regulation of several peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha-regulated genes. Hepatic mRNA and circulating fibroblast growth factor-21 levels were significantly lower in OW-dam offspring. Furthermore, serum levels of high-molecular-weight adiponectin (P < 0.05) were decreased in OW-dam offspring. Phosphorylation of hepatic AMP-kinase (Thr(172)) was significantly decreased in OW-dam offspring, along with lower AdipoR1 mRNA. Our results strongly suggest that gestational exposure to maternal obesity programs multiple aspects of energy-balance regulation in the offspring.
Prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide combined with pre- and postnatal high-fat diet result in lowered blood pressure and insulin resistance in offspring rats.; BACKGROUND: Adult metabolic syndrome may in part have origins in fetal or early life. This study was designed to explore the effect of prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide and high-fat diet on metabolic syndrome in offspring rats. METHODS: 32 pregnant rats were randomly divided into four groups, including Control group; LPS group (pregnant rats were injected with LPS 0.4 mg/kg intraperitoneally on the 8(th), 10(th) and 12(th) day of pregnancy); High-fat group (maternal rats had high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation period, and their pups also had high-fat diet up to the third month of life); LPS + High-fat group (rats were exposed to the identical experimental scheme with LPS group and High-fat group). RESULTS: Blood pressure elevated in LPS group and High-fat group, reduced in LPS+High-fat group, accompanied by the increase of serum leptin level in LPS and High-fat group and increase of serum IL-6, TNF-a in High-fat group; both serum insulin and cholesterol increased in High-fat and LPS+High-fat group, as well as insulin in LPS group. HOMA-IR value increased in LPS, High-fat and LPS+High-fat group, and QUICKI decreased in these groups; H-E staining showed morphologically pathological changes in thoracic aorta and liver tissue in the three groups. Increased serum alanine and aspartate aminotransferase suggest impaired liver function in LPS+High-fat group. CONCLUSION/SIGNIFICANCE: Prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide combined with pre- and postnatal high-fat diet result in lowered blood pressure, insulin resistance and impaired liver function in three-month old offspring rats. The lowered blood pressure might benefit from the predictive adaptive response to prenatal inflammation.
Systems toxicogenomics of prenatal low-dose BPA exposure on liver metabolic pathways, gut microbiota, and metabolic health in mice.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is an industrial plasticizer widely found in consumer products, and exposure to BPA during early development has been associated with the prevalence of various cardiometabolic diseases including obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. To elucidate the molecular perturbations underlying the connection of low-dose prenatal BPA exposure to cardiometabolic diseases, we conducted a multi-dimensional systems biology study assessing the liver transcriptome, gut microbial community, and diverse metabolic phenotypes in both male and female mouse offspring exposed to 5 μg/kg/day BPA during gestation. Prenatal exposure to low-dose BPA not only significantly affected liver genes involved in oxidative phosphorylation, PPAR signaling and fatty acid metabolism, but also affected the gut microbial composition in an age- and sex-dependent manner. Bacteria such as those belonging to the S24-7 and Lachnospiraceae families were correlated with offspring phenotypes, differentially expressed liver metabolic genes such as Acadl and Dgat1, and key drivers identified in our gene network modeling such as Malat1 and Apoa2. This multiomics study provides insight into the relationship between gut bacteria and host liver genes that could contribute to cardiometabolic disease risks upon low-dose BPA exposure.
Folate treatment of pregnant rat dams abolishes metabolic effects in female offspring induced by a paternal pre-conception unhealthy diet.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Paternal high-fat diet prior to mating programmes impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring. We examined whether the metabolic consequences in offspring could be abolished by folate treatment of either the male rats before mating or the corresponding female rats during pregnancy. METHODS: Male F0 rats were fed either control diet or high-fat, high-sucrose and high-salt diet (HFSSD), with or without folate, before mating. Male rats were mated with control-diet-fed dams. After mating, the F0 dams were fed control diet with or without folate during pregnancy. RESULTS: Male, but not female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were heavier than those of control-diet-fed counterparts (p < 0.05 and p = 0.066 in males and females, respectively). Both male and female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were longer compared with control (p < 0.01 for both sexes). Folate treatment of the pregnant dams abolished the effect of the paternal diet on the offspring's body length (p ˂ 0.05). Female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders developed impaired glucose tolerance, which was restored by folate treatment of the dams during pregnancy. The beta cell density per pancreatic islet was decreased in offspring of HFSSD-fed rats (-20% in male and -15% in female F1 offspring, p ˂ 0.001 vs controls). Folate treatment significantly increased the beta cell density (4.3% and 3.3% after folate supplementation given to dams and founders, respectively, p ˂ 0.05 vs the offspring of HFSSD-fed male rats). Changes in liver connective tissue of female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were ameliorated by treatment of dams with folate (p ˂ 0.01). Hepatic Ppara gene expression was upregulated in female offspring only (1.51-fold, p ˂ 0.05) and was restored in the female offspring by folate treatment (p ˂ 0.05). We observed an increase in hepatic Lcn2 and Tmcc2 expression in female offspring born to male rats exposed to an unhealthy diet during spermatogenesis before mating (p ˂ 0.05 vs controls). Folate treatment of the corresponding dams during pregnancy abolished this effect (p ˂ 0.05). Analysis of DNA methylation levels of CpG islands in the Ppara, Lcn2 and Tmcc2 promoter regions revealed that the paternal unhealthy diet induced alterations in the methylation pattern. These patterns were also affected by folate treatment. Total liver DNA methylation was increased by 1.52-fold in female offspring born to male rats on an unhealthy diet prior to mating (p ˂ 0.05). This effect was abolished by folate treatment during pregnancy (p ˂ 0.05 vs the offspring of HFSSD-fed male rats). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Folate treatment of pregnant dams restores effects on female offspring's glucose metabolism induced by pre-conception male founder HFSSD.
Effects on Fetal Metabolic Programming and Endocannabinoid System of a Normocaloric Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation of Female Mice with Pregestational Obesity.; Fetal programming provides explanatory mechanisms for the currently high prevalence of gestational obesity. The endocannabinoid system (ECS) participates in the regulation of energy balance, and with a high-fat diet (HFD), it is overactivated. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of a nutritional intervention during pregnancy and lactation on obese female progenitors, on metabolic alterations of the offspring and on the involvement of ECS. Female mice (C57/BL/6-F0), 45 days old, and their offspring (males) were separated according to type of diet before and during gestation and lactation: CON-F1: control diet; HFD-F1 group: HFD (fat: 60% Kcal); INT-F1 group: HFD until mating and control diet (fat: 10% Kcal) afterward. Glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity (IS) were tested at 2 and 4 months. At 120 days, mice were sacrificed, plasma was extracted for the determination of hormones, and livers for gene expression and the protein level determination of ECS components. INT-F1 group presented a lower IS compared to CON-F1, and normal levels of adiponectin and corticosterone in relation to the HFD-F1 group. The intervention increased hepatic gene expression for fatty-acid amide hydrolase and monoacylglycerol lipase enzymes; however, these differences were not observed at the protein expression level. Our results suggest that this intervention model normalized some hormonal parameters and hepatic mRNA levels of ECS components that were altered in the offspring of progenitors with pre-pregnancy obesity.
Prenatal ethanol exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in offspring rats by HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming.; OBJECTIVE: The present study was designed to demonstrate that prenatal ethanol exposure (PEE) could enhance the susceptibility of high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome (MS) in adult male offspring via a hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programmed mechanism. METHODS: Pregnant Wistar rats were intragastricly administrated ethanol 4 g/kg·d from gestational day 11 until term delivery. All male offspring were fed with high-fat diet after weaning, exposed to an unpredictable chronic stress at postnatal week (PW) 17 and sacrificed at PW20. RESULTS: In PEE group, body weight presented a "catch-up growth" pattern, and the HPA axis exhibited a lower basal activity but an enhanced sensitivity to chronic stress, leading to increased levels of serum glucose, insulin, insulin resistant index, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and decreased levels of high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol. Furthermore, many lipid droplets and vacuolar degeneration were observed in the hypothalamus, pituitary gland and liver. CONCLUSIONS: PEE induces enhanced susceptibility to MS in adult offspring fed with high-fat diet, and the underlying mechanism involves a HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming alteration.
Mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation disorders: pathophysiological studies in mouse models.; Mouse models have been designed for a number of fatty acid oxidation defects. Studies in these mouse models have demonstrated that different pathogenetic mechanisms play a role in the pathophysiology of defects of fatty acid oxidation. Supplementation with L-carnitine does not prevent low tissue carnitine levels and induces acylcarnitine production having potentially toxic effects, as presented in very-long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (VLCAD)-deficient mice. Energy deficiency appears to be an important mechanism in the development of cardiomyopathy and skeletal myopathy in fatty acid oxidation defects and is also the underlying mechanism of cold intolerance. Hypoglycemia as one major clinical sign in all fatty acid oxidation defects occurs due to a reduced hepatic glucose output and an enhanced peripheral glucose uptake rather than to transcriptional changes that are also observed simultaneously, as presented in medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (MCAD)-deficient mice. There are reports that an impaired fatty acid oxidation also plays a role in intrauterine life. The embryonic loss demonstrated for some enzyme defects in the mouse supports this hypothesis. However, the exact mechanisms are unknown. This observation correlates to maternal hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets (HELLP) syndrome, as observed in pregnancies carrying a long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase (LCHAD)-deficient fetus. Synergistic heterozygosity has been shown in isolated patients and in mouse models to be associated with clinical phenotypes common to fatty acid oxidation disorders. Synergistic mutations may also modulate severity of the clinical phenotype and explain in part clinical heterogeneity of fatty acid oxidation defects. In summary, knowledge about the different pathogenetic mechanisms and the resulting pathophysiology allows the development of specific new therapies.
Metabolism and function of myo-inositol and inositol phospholipids.; Alterations in the level of dietary inositol can significantly influence the concentration of free inositol and inositol-containing phospholipid in the circulation and in selected mammalian tissues and cells. The 1-stearoyl 2-arachidonyl molecular species that commonly predominates in cellular phosphoinositides may be of considerable importance for the functioning of these phospholipids in biological membranes. Retailoring reactions subsequent to the de novo biosynthesis of PI involving the acylation of lyso(1-acyl) PI allow for the preferential enrichment of this phospholipid in arachidonic acid. The impaired release of plasma lipoprotein, increased fatty acid mobilization from adipose tissue, and enhanced fatty acid synthesis in liver have all been implicated as causative factors in the hepatic triacylglycerol accumulation occurring with experimental inositol deficiency. The severe intestinal lipodystrophy that develops in female gerbils consuming inositol-deficient diets is likely mediated by a reduced synthesis of PI and the associated impairment of chylomicron assembly and secretion. Membrane PI can potentially regulate enzyme activities and transport processes as well as providing a source of free arachidonic acid for production of the eicosanoids. There has been mounting evidence recently to indicate that an accelerated turnover of the phosphoinositides may play a key role in mediating cellular responses to external stimuli. The transient rise of phosphoinositide-derived 1,2-diacylglycerol in stimulated cells may serve as a signal for the transmembrane control of protein phosphorylation by activating protein kinase C. Receptor occupancy also elicits the phosphodiesterase-catalyzed release of the second messenger inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate, which appears to provide for the mobilization of calcium from internal stores. Subnormal levels of free inositol and inositol phospholipid, as found in the nerves of animals with experimental diabetes and in sciatic nerves removed postmortem from diabetic patients, have been implicated in the impaired nerve conduction of human diabetics. Patients with renal failure exhibit a dramatic hyperinositolemia that may have clinical significance. Nutritional intervention may offer an approach for counteracting abnormalities in inositol and inositol phospholipid profiles and associated physiological responses in certain disease states.
Impact of Leuconostoc SD23 intake in obese pregnant rats: benefits for maternal metabolism.; Maternal obesity (MO) during pregnancy and lactation leads to maternal and offspring metabolic dysfunction. Recent research has suggested that probiotics might be a novel approach to counteract these unwanted MO effects. The aim of this research was to analyze the impact of Leuconostoc SD23, a probiotic isolated from aguamiel (traditional Mexican drink), on MO metabolism in rats at the end of lactation (21 days). From weaning through lactation, control female Wistar rats (C) ate chow (5% fat) or high-energy obesogenic diet (MO; 25% fat). Half the C and MO mothers received a daily dose (1 × 1010 CFU/ml) of probiotic orally, control with probiotic (CP) and MO with probiotic (MOP), 1 month before mating and through pregnancy and lactation. Histological analyses of the liver, white adipose tissue and small intestine, body composition, glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and leptin were determined in mothers at the end of lactation. Maternal weight during pregnancy was greater in MO than C mothers, but similar at the end of lactation. Probiotic intervention had no effect on maternal weight. However, at the end of lactation, percentage of body fat was higher in MO than C, CP, and MOP. Serum glucose, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and triglycerides were higher in MO versus C, CP, and MOP. MO small intestine villus height was higher versus MOP, C, and CP. Leuconostoc SD23 did not present adverse effects in C. Conclusions: maternal administration of Leuconostoc SD23 has beneficial effects on maternal metabolism, which holds possibilities for preventing adverse offspring metabolic programming.
A Maternal High-Fat Diet Induces DNA Methylation Changes That Contribute to Glucose Intolerance in Offspring.; Scope: Overnutrition in utero is a critical contributor to the susceptibility of diabetes by programming, although the exact mechanism is not clear. In this paper, we aimed to study the long-term effect of a maternal high-fat (HF) diet on offspring through epigenetic modifications. Procedures: Five-week-old female C57BL6/J mice were fed a HF diet or control diet for 4 weeks before mating and throughout gestation and lactation. At postnatal week 3, pups continued to consume a HF or switched to a control diet for 5 weeks, resulting in four groups of offspring differing by their maternal and postweaning diets. Results: The maternal HF diet combined with the offspring HF diet caused hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in male pups. Even after changing to the control diet, male pups exposed to the maternal HF diet still exhibited hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance. The livers of pups exposed to a maternal HF diet had a hypermethylated insulin receptor substrate 2 (Irs2) gene and a hypomethylated mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 4 (Map2k4) gene. Correspondingly, the expression of the Irs2 gene decreased and that of Map2k4 increased in pups exposed to a maternal HF diet. Conclusion: Maternal overnutrition programs long-term epigenetic modifications, namely, Irs2 and Map2k4 gene methylation in the offspring liver, which in turn predisposes the offspring to diabetes later in life.
[Mechanisms of insulin resistance in pregnancy].; The causes of insulin resistance were studied in rats at late terms of pregnancy. A decrease in the sensitivity to insulin dependent incorporation of glucose in total lipids and CO2 of isolated fatty tissue of pregnant rats was shown. The maximum tissue reaction to insulin (reactivity) did not lessen indicating together with hyperinsulinemia after a glucose tolerance test and a rise of the activity of blood serum insulin-like growth factors the absence of postreceptor defects. An increase in the pregnant rats blood levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and lipoprotein atherogenic fractions was revealed. The latter in physiological concentrations made an inhibitory effect on respiration of liver and thyroid sections of intact rats. Together with the action of hormones of the fetoplacental system it was considered as one of the mechanisms of development of insulin resistance at late terms of pregnancy.
Maternal overnutrition suppresses the phosphorylation of 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase in liver, but not skeletal muscle, in the fetal and neonatal sheep.; Epidemiological studies have shown that infants exposed to an increased supply of nutrients before birth are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes in later life. We have investigated the hypothesis that fetal overnutrition results in reduced expression and phosphorylation of the cellular fuel sensor, AMP-activated kinase (AMPK) in liver and skeletal muscle before and after birth. From 115 days gestation, ewes were fed either at or approximately 55% above maintenance energy requirements. Postmortem was performed on lamb fetuses at 139-141 days gestation (n = 14) and lambs at 30 days of postnatal age (n = 21), and liver and quadriceps muscle were collected at each time point. The expression of AMPKalpha1 and AMPKalpha2 mRNA was determined by quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR). The abundance of AMPKalpha and phospho-AMPKalpha (P-AMPKalpha) was determined by Western blot analysis, and the proportion of the total AMPKalpha pool that was phosphorylated in each sample (%P-AMPKalpha) was determined. The ratio of AMPKalpha2 to AMPKalpha1 mRNA expression was lower in fetuses compared with lambs in both liver and muscle, independent of maternal nutrition. Hepatic %P-AMPKalpha was lower in both fetuses and lambs in the Overfed group and %P-AMPKalpha in the lamb liver was inversely related to plasma glucose concentrations in the first 24 h after birth (r = 0.73, P < 0.025). There was no effect of maternal overnutrition on total AMPKalpha or P-AMPKalpha abundance in liver or skeletal muscle. We have, therefore, demonstrated that AMPKalpha responds to signals of increased nutrient availability in the fetal liver. Suppression of hepatic AMPK phosphorylation may contribute to increased glucose production, and basal hyperglycemia, present in lambs of overfed ewes in early postnatal life.
Maternal supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid in the setting of diet-induced obesity normalises the inflammatory phenotype in mothers and reverses metabolic dysfunction and impaired insulin sensitivity in offspring.; Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet significantly impacts the fetal environment and predisposes offspring to obesity and metabolic dysfunction during adulthood. We examined the effects of a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic and inflammatory profiles and whether maternal supplementation with the anti-inflammatory lipid conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) could have beneficial effects on mothers and offspring. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a control (CD; 10% kcal from fat), CLA (CLA; 10% kcal from fat, 1% total fat as CLA), high-fat (HF; 45% kcal from fat) or high fat with CLA (HFCLA; 45% kcal from fat, 1% total fat as CLA) diet ad libitum 10days prior to and throughout gestation and lactation. Dams and offspring were culled at either late gestation (fetal day 20, F20) or early postweaning (postnatal day 24, P24). CLA, HF and HFCLA dams were heavier than CD throughout gestation. Plasma concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines interleukin-1β and tumour necrosis factor-α were elevated in HF dams, with restoration in HFCLA dams. Male and female fetuses from HF dams were smaller at F20 but displayed catch-up growth and impaired insulin sensitivity at P24, which was reversed in HFCLA offspring. HFCLA dams at P24 were protected from impaired insulin sensitivity as compared to HF dams. Maternal CLA supplementation normalised inflammation associated with consumption of a high-fat diet and reversed associated programming of metabolic dysfunction in offspring. This demonstrates that there are critical windows of developmental plasticity in which the effects of an adverse early-life environment can be reversed by maternal dietary interventions.
High Dietary Selenium Intake Alters Lipid Metabolism and Protein Synthesis in Liver and Muscle of Pigs.; BACKGROUND: Prolonged high intakes of dietary selenium have been shown to induce gestational diabetes in rats and hyperinsulinemia in pigs. OBJECTIVE: Two experiments were conducted to explore metabolic and molecular mechanisms for the diabetogenic potential of high dietary selenium intakes in pigs. METHODS: In Expt. 1, 16 Yorkshire-Landrace-Hampshire crossbred pigs (3 wk old, body weight = 7.5 ± 0.81 kg, 50% males and 50% females) were fed a corn-soybean meal basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 1.0 mg Se/kg (as selenium-enriched yeast for 6 wk). In Expt. 2, 12 pigs of the same crossbreed (6 wk old, body weight = 16.0 ± 1.8 kg) were fed a similar basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 3.0 mg Se/kg for 11 wk. Biochemical and gene and protein expression profiles of lipid and protein metabolism and selenoproteins in plasma, liver, muscle, and adipose tissues were analyzed. RESULTS: In Expt. 1, the 1-mg-Se/kg diet did not affect body weight or plasma concentrations of glucose and nonesterified fatty acids. In Expt. 2, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet, compared with the 0.3-mg-Se/kg diet, increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of plasma insulin (0.2 compared with 0.4 ng/mL), liver and adipose lipids (41% to 2.4-fold), and liver and muscle protein (10-14%). In liver, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet upregulated (P < 0.05) the expression, activity, or both of key factors related to gluconeogenesis [phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK); 13%], lipogenesis [sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 (SREBP1), acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC), and fatty acid synthase (FASN); 46-90%], protein synthesis [insulin receptor (INSR), P70 ribosomal protein S6 kinase (P70), and phosphorylated ribosomal protein S6 (P-S6); 88-105%], energy metabolism [AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK); up to 2.8-fold], and selenoprotein glutathione peroxidase 3 (GPX3; 1.4-fold) and suppressed (P < 0.05) mRNA levels of lipolysis gene cytochrome P450, family 7, subfamily A, polypeptide 1 (CYP7A1; 88%) and selenoprotein gene selenoprotein W1 (SEPW1; 46%). In muscle, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet exerted no effect on the lipid profiles but enhanced (P < 0.05) expression of P-S6 and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR; 42-176%; protein synthesis); selenoprotein P (SELP; 40-fold); and tumor suppressor protein 53 (P53) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARG; 52-58%; lipogenesis) and suppressed (P < 0.05) expression of INSR (59%; insulin signaling); selenoprotein S (SELS); deiodinases, iodothyronine, type I (DIO1); and thioredoxin reductase 1 (TXNRD1; 50%; selenoproteins); and ACC1 and FASN (35-51%; lipogenesis). CONCLUSION: Our research showed novel roles, to our best knowledge, and mechanisms of high selenium intakes in regulating the metabolism of protein, along with that of lipid, in a tissue-specific fashion in pigs.
Pregnancy-Related Acute Kidney Injury: Do We Know What to Do?; Pregnancy-related AKI is a global health problem and is associated with a higher risk of both maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Risk factors for developing AKI during pregnancy include older age, history of preeclampsia, and comorbidities like diabetes. Hyperemesis gravidarum is a common cause of AKI during the first trimester, and conditions such as preeclampsia, acute fatty liver disease of pregnancy, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, hemolytic uremic syndrome, and placental abruption are important causes of AKI later in the pregnancy. Diagnosis of pregnancy-related AKI is challenging due to the lack of standard criteria and overlap of clinical manifestations among different etiologies. Timely diagnosis of pregnancy-related AKI is instrumental. Specific treatment includes steroids and immunosuppressive therapy for glomerulonephritis, prompt delivery for severe preeclampsia and acute fatty liver of pregnancy, plasmapheresis for thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and eculizumab for the atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome. Due to the high complexity, management of pregnancy-related AKI should be performed by a multidisciplinary team consisting of a nephrologist, obstetrician, and neonatologist.
Maternal low protein diet in rats programmes fatty acid desaturase activities in the offspring.; Numerous studies show an association between poor fetal growth and adult insulin resistance. Recent studies have shown relation between the long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of skeletal muscle membranes and insulin sensitivity. More detailed analysis has indicated that the activity of delta5 desaturase is inversely correlated to insulin resistance. The amount of docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n3) is also thought to play a part in determining insulin sensitivity. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that early growth retardation in the rat, as a result of maternal protein restriction, would lead to alterations in desaturase activities similar to those observed in human insulin resistance. There were no differences in phospholipid fatty acid composition in liver or muscle from control and low protein rats. In both muscle and liver the ratio of docosahexaenoic acid to docosapentaenoic acid was, however, reduced in low protein offspring. Direct measurement of delta5 desaturase activity in hepatic microsomes showed a reduction (p < 0.03) in the low protein offspring which was negatively correlated (r = -0.855) with fasting plasma insulin. No correlation was observed in controls. These results show that it is possible to programme the activity of key enzymes involved in the desaturation of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. This is possibly a mechanism linking fetal growth retardation to insulin resistance.
Safety and efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitor cancer therapy in patients with preexisting type 1 diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) produce dramatic tumor shrinkage and durable responses in many advanced malignancies, but their use is limited by the development of immune-related adverse events (IRAEs) that occur in up to 60% of patients and often affect endocrine organs. Concern for more severe IRAEs in patients with preexisting autoimmune diseases, including type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), has led to the exclusion of such individuals from clinical trials of ICI therapy. As a result, little is known about the safety and efficacy of ICI in this population. Here, we report safety and treatments outcomes in ICI-treated patients with preexisting T1DM. METHODS: This retrospective case-controlled study evaluated adult patients with T1DM who received ICI therapy for solid malignancies from 2015 to 2021 at four academic medical centers. Patients with prior ICI therapy, bone marrow transplantation, or pregnancy were excluded. We collected data on demographics, cancer diagnosis and treatment, IRAE incidence and severity, and diabetes management. Controls were matched 2:1 by age, sex, cancer diagnosis, and ICI therapy class. RESULTS: Of 12,142 cancer patients treated with ICI therapy, we identified 11 with a preexisting confirmed diagnosis of T1DM prior to starting ICI therapy. Mean age was 50.6 years, 63.6% were women, and most received anti-PD1/PDL1 monotherapy (10/11) compared with combination therapy (1/11). Grade 3/4 IRAEs were seen in 3/11 subjects with preexisting T1DM and were hepatitis, myositis, and myasthenia gravis. All three cases had interruption of ICI therapy and administration of adjunct therapies, including steroids, IVIG, or mycophenolate mofetil with resolution of the IRAE. The odds of all-grade IRAEs and of severe IRAEs were comparable between cases and controls matched for age, sex, cancer type, and ICI therapy [OR 0.83 (95% CI 0.2-3.56), p = 0.81, and OR 1.69 (0.31-9.36), p = 0.55, respectively]. Overall survival was not different between patients with T1DM and controls (p = 0.54). No patients had hospitalizations for diabetes-related complications during therapy. DISCUSSION: These data suggest that ICI monotherapy can successfully be used in patients with preexisting T1DM, with IRAE rates comparable with individuals without preexisting T1DM. Larger, prospective studies of these potentially life-saving ICI therapies that include patients with preexisting autoimmunity are warranted.
Adult vaccination, part 2: vaccines for persons at high risk. Teaching Immunization for Medical Education (TIME) Project.; The morbidity and mortality from vaccine-preventable diseases are high among adults with underlying medical conditions. Influenza vaccination is recommended annually, optimally between October and mid-November, for all persons 50 years of age and older and those with cardiac disease with potential for altered hemodynamics, diabetes mellitus, immunocompromising conditions, pulmonary disease, or renal disease. This season, because of production delays, influenza vaccination campaigns are planned for November. Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccination is recommended for all persons 65 years and older and for those with alcoholism, asplenia, cardiac disease, cirrhosis, diabetes mellitus, immunocompromising conditions, pulmonary disease, or chronic renal disease. Indications for hepatitis B vaccination include chronic renal disease and hemodialysis, as well as employment in health care or employment as a mortician or public safety officer. It is also recommended for homosexual men, those who have multiple sex partners or a sexually transmitted disease, and injection drug users.
Neonatal Citrulline Supplementation and Later Exposure to a High Fructose Diet in Rats Born with a Low Birth Weight: A Preliminary Report.; A low birth weight (LBW) leads to a higher risk of metabolic syndrome in adulthood. Literature suggests that citrulline supplementation in adulthood prevents the effect of a high fructose diet on energy metabolism. Whether neonatal citrulline supplementation would alter early growth or energy metabolism in the long-term in rats with LBW is unknown. LBW pups born from dams fed a low (4%) protein diet, were nursed by normally-fed dams and received isonitrogenous supplements of either l-citrulline or l-alanine by gavage from the sixth day of life until weaning, and were subsequently exposed to 10%-fructose in drinking water from weaning to 90 days of age. The oral glucose tolerance was tested (OGTT) at 70 days of age, and rats were sacrificed at 90 days of age. Pre-weaning citrulline supplementation failed to alter the growth trajectory, OGTT, plasma triglycerides, or fat mass accretion in adulthood; yet, it was associated with increased liver triglycerides, decreased liver total cholesterol, and a distinct liver lipidomic profile that may result in a predisposition to liver disease. We conclude that pre-weaning supplementation with citrulline does not impact early growth, but might impact liver fat metabolism in adulthood upon exposure to a high fructose diet.
Chronic maternal vitamin B12 restriction induced changes in body composition & glucose metabolism in the Wistar rat offspring are partly correctable by rehabilitation.; Maternal under-nutrition increases the risk of developing metabolic diseases. We studied the effects of chronic maternal dietary vitamin B12 restriction on lean body mass (LBM), fat free mass (FFM), muscle function, glucose tolerance and metabolism in Wistar rat offspring. Prevention/reversibility of changes by rehabilitating restricted mothers from conception or parturition and their offspring from weaning was assessed. Female weaning Wistar rats (n = 30) were fed ad libitum for 12 weeks, a control diet (n = 6) or the same with 40% restriction of vitamin B12 (B12R) (n = 24); after confirming deficiency, were mated with control males. Six each of pregnant B12R dams were rehabilitated from conception and parturition and their offspring weaned to control diet. While offspring of six B12R dams were weaned to control diet, those of the remaining six B12R dams continued on B12R diet. Biochemical parameters and body composition were determined in dams before mating and in male offspring at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months of their age. Dietary vitamin B12 restriction increased body weight but decreased LBM% and FFM% but not the percent of tissue associated fat (TAF%) in dams. Maternal B12R decreased LBM% and FFM% in the male offspring, but their TAF%, basal and insulin stimulated glucose uptake by diaphragm were unaltered. At 12 months age, B12R offspring had higher (than controls) fasting plasma glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR and impaired glucose tolerance. Their hepatic gluconeogenic enzyme activities were increased. B12R offspring had increased oxidative stress and decreased antioxidant status. Changes in body composition, glucose metabolism and stress were reversed by rehabilitating B12R dams from conception, whereas rehabilitation from parturition and weaning corrected them partially, highlighting the importance of vitamin B12 during pregnancy and lactation on growth, muscle development, glucose tolerance and metabolism in the offspring.
Impact of maternal low-level cadmium exposure on glucose and lipid metabolism of the litter at different ages after weaning.; Cadmium (Cd) is a metal which may participate in the development of type II diabetes even if Cd exposure levels are mild. However, experimental studies focusing on daily environmentally relevant doses are scarce, particularly for glucose metabolism of the offspring of chronically exposed mothers. The aim is to measure the impact of maternal low level Cd exposure on glucose and lipid metabolism of offspring. Female rats were exposed to 0, 50 or 500 μg.kg(-1).d(-1) of CdCl(2), 21 days before mating and during 21 days of gestation and 21 days of lactation. Pups exposure was organized in 3 groups (control, Cd1, Cd2) according to renal dams' Cd burden. Parameters of glucose and lipid metabolisms were measured for the pups on post-natal day 21, 26 and 60. Maternal Cd exposure led to significant amounts of Cd in the liver and kidney of pups. At weaning, insulin secretion upon glucose stimulation was unchanged, but the removal of circulating glucose was slower for pups born from the lowest impregnated dams (Cd1). Five days after, glucose tolerance of all groups was identical. Thus, this loss of insulin sensitivity was reversed, in part by increased adiponectin secretion for the Cd1 group. Furthermore, pups from dams accumulating the highest levels of Cd (Cd2) exhibited a compensatory increased insulin pancreatic secretion, together with increased circulating non-esterified fatty acids, indicating the establishment of insulin resistance, 2 months after birth. This study has demonstrated the influence of maternal exposure to low levels of Cd on glucose homeostasis in the offspring that might increase the risk of developing type II diabetes later in life.
Longitudinal profiling of the tissue-specific expression of genes related with insulin sensitivity in dairy cows during lactation focusing on different fat depots.; In dairy cows the milk associated energy output in early lactation exceeds the input via voluntary feed intake. To spare glucose for mammary lactose synthesis, peripheral insulin sensitivity (IS) is reduced and fat mobilization is stimulated. For these processes a link between IS and the endocrine functions of adipose tissue (AT) is likely; we thus aimed to characterise the mRNA expression from bovine AT derived proteins and receptors that are related to IS according to the literature in metabolically active tissues plus systemic IS throughout lactation. Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reduce milk fat thus decreasing the milk drain of energy and potentially dampening lipolysis, but may also affect IS. Subcutaneous (s.c.) AT and liver from pluriparous cows receiving either control fat or CLA supplement (100 g/day from 1 to 182 days in milk each) were biopsied covering week -3 to 36 relative to parturition. In an additional trial with primiparous cows treated analogously and slaughtered on days in milk 1, 42 or 105, samples from liver, udder, skeletal muscle and 3 visceral and 3 s.c. AT were obtained and assayed for mRNA abundance of adiponectin, its receptors, leptin, leptin receptor, PPARγ, PPARγ2, IL-6, and TNF-α. In pluriparous animals, the mRNA abundance of most of the target genes decreased after parturition in s.c. AT but increased in liver. In primiparous cows, AT depot specific differences were mostly related to retroperitoneal AT; adiponectin receptor 1 and TNF-α were affected predominantly. CLA effects in primiparous cows were largely limited to decreased PPARγ2 mRNA abundance in udder tissue. In pluriparous cows, insulin secretion was increased by CLA resulting in decreased systemic IS but without consistent changes in tissue target mRNA abundance. The temporal gene expression profiles from the adipokines and related receptors support their coactive function in adapting to the needs of lactation.
Beneficial effects of modified egg* on oxidative stress in F1- generation of metabolic syndrome-X induced Wistar rat.; Congenital malformations of neonates are one of the adverse effects of diabetic pregnancy which can be prevented by supplementation of vitamin E and C. The survived neonates usually are at higher risk to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular diseases that may possibly be prevented through antioxidants administration. In view of this information, the efficacy of modified poultry egg enriched with optimum minerals, vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids was studied on F1-generation, which were made to survive by feeding them this modified egg to diabetic mothers of Wistar rats. The survived F1-generation displayed hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and hypertension like their parents, evaluated after three months of the experiment. Their mineral status revealed a higher Zn and lower Cu, Mg and Mn levels in liver and kidney. Their lipid peroxidation products were however higher and the enzyme activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione-S-transferase, glutathione reductase, glutathione (reduced) and glucose -6 phosphate dehydrogenase were significantly lower. In the other group of F1-generation, fed modified egg mixed diet, a significant reduction in the blood pressure, serum glucose, serum lipid profile, and the lipid peroxidation products, and a significant increase in the activities of enzymes per se with reversal of Zn, Cu, Mg and Mn levels closer to the control group were recorded. The data suggest that the modified egg can ameliorate the oxidative stress in F1-generation of diabetic rats by improving the mineral status in their body.
Abdominal Obesity, Adipokines and Non-communicable Diseases.; Abdominal obesity may be defined as excess deposits of fat in the abdominal region. It is a common health condition seen in South Asians and is positively related to non-communicable diseases (NCDs). It is independent of body mass index and measured by raised waist circumference for men≥90 cm and women≥80 cm. The reason for its prevalence being common in Indians finds its root from pregnancy, during fetal period and has emerged as a concept of 'Thin Fat Indian'. Malnutrition in such a critical period of growth has consequences in the form of reduced basal metabolic rate (BMR), reduced blood flow to growing tissues, reduced functional ability of vital organs, endocrine changes and reduced capacity of primary adipose tissue. However, excess of visceral fat facilitates high dosage of adipokines in the portal vein to liver and other body tissues having serious implications seen in the form NCDs like diabetes, hypertension, heart diseases, non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases, kidney disorders, cancer and other health problems. Abdominal obesity should be addressed before it has progressed further to defined health issues by exercise and diet, so that people can live a quality life.
Determinants of risk for venous and arterial thrombosis in primary antiphospholipid syndrome and in antiphospholipid syndrome with systemic lupus erythematosus.; OBJECTIVE: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is characterized by thrombosis (venous and arterial) and pregnancy loss in conjunction with the lupus anticoagulant, IgG or IgM anticardiolipin, or IgG or IgM anti-beta2-glycoprotein I. In most series, only a minority of patients with antiphospholipid antibodies develop a clinical manifestation. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of consecutive patients in the Hopkins Lupus Center was performed. Interviews were done and records were reviewed for the following variables: gender, ethnicity, hypertension, triglycerides, cholesterol, smoking, diabetes mellitus, homocysteine, cancer, hepatitis C, hormone replacement therapy/oral contraceptives, hereditary thrombophilia, anticardiolipin antibodies IgG, IgM and IgA, and lupus anticoagulant (LAC). Our aim was to identify risk factors associated with thrombosis and pregnancy loss in patients with antiphospholipid antibodies. RESULTS: A total of 122 patients (84% female, 74% Caucasian) were studied. Patients were divided into 3 groups: primary APS, APS associated with systemic lupus erythematosus, and patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with antiphospholipid antibodies but no thrombosis or pregnancy loss. Venous thrombosis was associated with high triglycerides (p=0.001), hereditary thrombophilia (p=0.02), anticardiolipin antibodies IgG>40 (p=0.04), and LAC (p=0.012). Hypertriglyceridemia was associated with a 6.4-fold increase, hereditary thrombophilia with a 7.3-fold increase, and anticardiolipin IgG>40 GPL with a 2.8-fold increase in the risk of venous thrombosis. Arterial thrombosis was associated with hypertension (p=0.008) and elevated homocysteine (p=0.044). Hypertension was associated with a 2.4-fold increase in the risk of arterial thrombosis. No correlations were found for pregnancy loss. CONCLUSION: The frequency of thrombosis and pregnancy loss is greater in APS associated with SLE than in primary APS. Risk factors differ for venous and arterial thrombosis in APS. Treatment of hypertension may be the most important intervention to reduce arterial thrombosis. Elevated triglycerides are a major associate of venous thrombosis, but the benefit of treatment is not known. Hereditary thrombophilia is an associate of venous but not arterial thrombosis, making it cost-effective to investigate only in venous thrombosis.
Calcium supplementation reverts central adiposity, leptin, and insulin resistance in adult offspring programed by neonatal nicotine exposure.; Obesity is a worldwide epidemic. Calcium influences energy metabolism regulation, causing body weight loss. Because maternal nicotine exposure during lactation programs for obesity, hyperleptinemia, insulin resistance (IR), and hypothyroidism, we decided to evaluate the possible effect of dietary calcium supplementation on these endocrine dysfunctions in this experimental model. Osmotic minipumps containing nicotine solution (N: 6 mg/kg per day for 14 days) or saline (C) were s.c. implanted in lactating rats 2 days after giving birth (P2). At P120, N and C offspring were subdivided into four groups: 1) C - standard diet; 2) C with calcium supplementation (CCa, 10 g calcium carbonate/kg rat chow); 3) N - standard diet; and 4) N with calcium supplementation (NCa). Rats were killed at P180. As expected, N offspring showed higher visceral and total body fat, hyperleptinemia, lower hypothalamus leptin receptor (OB-R) content, hyperinsulinemia, and higher IR index. Also, higher tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) expression (+51%), catecholamine content (+37%), and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D(3) (+76%) were observed in N offspring. Dietary calcium supplementation reversed adiposity, hyperleptinemia, OB-R underexpression, IR, TH overexpression, and vitamin D. However, this supplementation did not reverse hypothyroidism. In NCa offspring, Sirt1 mRNA was lower in visceral fat (-37%) and higher in liver (+42%). In conclusion, dietary calcium supplementation seems to revert most of the metabolic syndrome parameters observed in adult offspring programed by maternal nicotine exposure during lactation. It is conceivable that the reduction in fat mass per se, induced by calcium therapy, is the main mechanism that leads to the increment of insulin action.
Maternal sucrose-rich diet and fetal programming: changes in hepatic lipogenic and oxidative enzymes and glucose homeostasis in adult offspring.; Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation (P + L) are often associated with offspring health risks. We investigated the effect of maternal exposure to a sucrose-rich diet (SRD) during P + L on glucose and lipid metabolism of adult offspring regardless of post-weaning diet. Dams were fed an SRD or a control diet (CD) during P + L. After weaning, male offspring from SRD and CD dams were divided into two groups and fed a CD or SRD until 150 days old forming CD-CD, CD-SRD, SRD-SRD and SRD-CD groups. Offspring where SRD was fed at any period of life showed: (1) increased adipose tissue weight without changes in the final body weight; (2) dyslipidemia as a result of increased very low density lipoprotein triglyceride secretion rate and decreased triglyceride clearance; (3) hepatic steatosis associated with increased activity of key enzymes involved in liver de novo lipogenesis and significant decrease of the activity of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation enzyme. These results were more pronounced in CD-SRD and SRD-SRD groups. (4) Hyperglycemia without changes in insulin levels, plus a deterioration of intravenous glucose tolerance and intraperitoneal insulin tolerance test. We hypothesized that SRD during P + L could be associated with a programming effect on glucose homeostasis and hepatic lipid metabolism that predispose offspring to develop later-life insulin resistance and metabolic disorders, regardless of post-natal diet.
Pregnancy in maltese drug-abusers: a socio-biological study.; The use of illicit drugs has increased disturbingly in the last decades, this increase being reflected by an increase in the number of female drug abusers who present in the pregnant state. A total of 47 cases of current or past heroine abuse (0.24% of total maternities) were delivered at the Karin Grech Maternity Unit of St. Luke's Teaching Hospital in Malta. The socio-biological characteristics of these women were assessed and compared to similar parameters in the remaining pregnant population. These women have been shown to be generally of a younger age <25 years and are generally unmarried. The women tend to seek antenatal care late in pregnancy. Their associated medical problems include Hepatitis C infection. There also appeared to be a statistically increased predisposition to pre-existing diabetes. There did not appear to be any statistically significant increased risks to the infant, though there may have been a greater predisposition to low birth weight and prematurity.
Impaired insulin and leptin sensitivity in the offspring of moderate caloric-restricted dams during gestation is early programmed.; We aimed to assess the mechanisms responsible for hyperphagia and metabolic alterations caused by maternal moderate caloric restriction during gestation. Male and female offspring of control and 20% caloric-restricted rats (CR) were studied. They were fed a normal-fat diet until 4 months of age and then moved to a high-fat diet until 6 months of age. Blood parameters and expression of selected genes in hypothalamus, retroperitoneal white adipose tissue (rWAT) and liver were analyzed at 25 days and 6 months of age. Plasma leptin was measured during suckling. Levels of proteins involved in insulin and leptin signaling were determined at 6 months of age. CR ate more calories than controls, but only males gained more weight. A peak in plasma leptin was found in 9-day-old controls, but was absent in CR. Twenty-five-day-old CR showed lower insulin receptor mRNA levels in hypothalamus, rWAT and liver, and long-form leptin receptor (ObRb) in hypothalamus. At the age of 6 months, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance index was higher in CR than controls, and CR males also displayed hyperleptinemia. Adult CR also showed lower ObRb mRNA levels in the hypothalamus (only females, but both showed altered neuropeptide Y/proopiomelanocortin mRNA ratio), rWAT and liver (males), and a decrease of protein kinase C zeta levels in rWAT (females) and liver (males) and of phosphorylated signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 in liver (females). These results suggest that CR animals are programmed for insulin and central leptin resistance, which may explain the dysregulation of appetite and other metabolic alterations, favoring obesity development, although only manifested in males. These early programming effects could be associated with the absence of leptin surge during lactation.
Metabolic adaptation and reticuloruminal pH in periparturient dairy cows experiencing different lipolysis early postpartum.; Metabolic adaptation includes an array of concerted metabolic and endocrine events that enable dairy cows bridging the period of energy deficit at the onset of lactation. The present study evaluated metabolic, endocrine and reticuloruminal pH changes in 30 (25 Holstein and five Simmental) periparturient dairy cows experiencing variable lipolysis early postpartum. Cows were fed the same close-up and fresh lactation diets and kept in the same management conditions. Blood samples were collected at day 14, and day 4, relative to expected parturition, and at day 2, and day 21 postpartum, and serum metabolites and hormones related to glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as concentrations of several liver enzymes and acute phase proteins were determined. Additionally, reticuloruminal pH was monitored every 10 min over the last 3 days of the observation period. BW and milk yields were recorded and balances of energy and protein were assessed. Based on serum concentration of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) postpartum, cows were retrospectively classified into low (n=8), medium (n=11), and high (n=11) lipolysis groups, with NEFA levels of 0.7 mmol/l, respectively. Overall, elevated NEFA concentrations in the High group went along with a higher ratio of NEFA to cholesterol and reduced insulin sensitivity. While serum glucose, energy deficit and BW loss did not differ, cows of the High group exhibited increased lactate concentrations in the serum, compared with the Medium group. No differences in liver enzymes and acute phase proteins were evidenced among fat mobilization groups, whereas concentration of serum billirubin was lowest in the Low group after parturition. Data of milk yield and milk energy output showed no differences among groups, despite divergences in calculated energy balance and BW change postpartum. Cows of the Low group tended to increase dry matter intake but also showed longer time duration of pH below 6.0 in the reticulorumen (on average 299 min/day compared with 99 and 91 min/day for Medium and High groups, respectively). Differences in metabolic, endocrine and reticuloruminal pH responses indicate diverse metabolic adaptation strategies of early-lactation cows to cope with energy deficit postpartum.
PPAR signaling pathway is a key modulator of liver proteome in pups born to vitamin B(12) deficient rats.; Maternal nutritional deficiency in-utero is known to predict risk of complex disorders like cardiovascular disease, diabetes and many neurological disorders in the offspring and vitamin B12 is one such critical micronutrient. Here we performed 2D-DIGE followed by MALDI TOF/TOF analysis to identify proteins that are differentially expressed in liver of pups born to mothers fed vitamin B12 deficient diet vis-à-vis control diet. To further establish causality, we analyzed the effect of B12 rehabilitation at parturition on the protein levels and the phenotype in pups. We identified 38 differentially expressed proteins that were enriched in pathways involved in the regulation of amino acid, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. Further, three enzymes in the β-oxidation pathway (hydroxyacyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase, medium-chain specific acyl-CoA dehydrogenase, 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase) were down-regulated in pups born to mothers fed vitamin B12 deficient diet. We observed age-dependent differential expression of peroxisome proliferator activated-receptor (PPAR) α and γ in the deficient pups. Interestingly, expression of 27 proteins that were differentially expressed was restored to the control levels after rehabilitation of female rats with vitamin B12 from parturition. Our study thus provides the first evidence that maternal vitamin B12 deficiency influences lipid and other micronutrient metabolism in pups through regulation of PPAR signaling pathway. BIOLOGICAL SIGNIFICANCE: Maternal vitamin B12 deficiency has been shown to predict the onset of complex disorders like atherosclerosis, type II diabetes etc. in the next generation during their adulthood. We have shown earlier that pups born to female rats fed with vitamin B12 deficient diet were obese and developed high levels of other intermediate traits such as triglycerides, cholesterol etc. that are related to the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. In this piece of work using differential proteomic approach we have identified the altered metabolic processes in the liver of vitamin B12 deficient pups. We have also documented that the proteins involved in β-oxidation pathway are down-regulated. Further, differential expression of PPARα and PPARγ was evidently documented as the master regulator for the alteration of lipid, amino acid and carbohydrate metabolism during maternal vitamin B12 deficiency.
Diet Modification before or during Pregnancy on Maternal and Foetal Outcomes in Rodent Models of Maternal Obesity.; The obesity epidemic has serious implications for women of reproductive age; its rising incidence is associated not just with health implications for the mother but also has transgenerational ramifications for the offspring. Increased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and kidney disease are seen in both the mothers and the offspring. Animal models, such as rodent studies, are fundamental to studying maternal obesity and its impact on maternal and offspring health, as human studies lack rigorous controlled experimental design. Furthermore, the short and prolific reproductive potential of rodents enables examination across multiple generations and facilitates the exploration of interventional strategies to mitigate the impact of maternal obesity, both before and during pregnancy. Given that obesity is a major public health concern, it is important to obtain a greater understanding of its pathophysiology and interaction with reproductive health, placental physiology, and foetal development. This narrative review focuses on the known effects of maternal obesity on the mother and the offspring, and the benefits of interventional strategies, including dietary intervention, before or during pregnancy on maternal and foetal outcomes. It further examines the contribution of rodent models of maternal obesity to elucidating pathophysiological pathways of disease development, as well as methods to reduce the impact of obesity on the mothers and the developing foetus. The translation of these findings into the human experience will also be discussed.
Glycogen Storage Disease Type III.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Glycogen storage disease type III (GSD III) is characterized by variable liver, cardiac muscle, and skeletal muscle involvement. GSD IIIa is the most common subtype, present in about 85% of affected individuals; it manifests with liver and muscle involvement. GSD IIIb, with liver involvement only, comprises about 15% of all affected individuals. In infancy and early childhood, liver involvement presents as hepatomegaly and failure to thrive, with fasting ketotic hypoglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and elevated hepatic transaminases. In adolescence and adulthood, liver disease becomes less prominent. Most individuals develop cardiac involvement with cardiac hypertrophy and/or cardiomyopathy. Skeletal myopathy manifesting as weakness may be evident in childhood and slowly progresses, typically becoming prominent in the third to fourth decade. The overall prognosis is favorable but cannot be predicted on an individual basis. Long-term complications such as muscular and cardiac symptoms as well as liver fibrosis/cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma may have a severe impact on prognosis and quality of life. To date, it is unknown if long-term complications can be alleviated and/or avoided by dietary interventions. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of GSD III is established in a proband by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in AGL. If molecular genetic testing is inconclusive, debranching enzyme activity can be measured in either blood cells (leukocytes or erythrocytes), skin fibroblasts, or liver or muscle biopsy. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Dietary management tailored to the individual patient remains the primary therapy. Frequent feeds (every 3-4 hours) are needed to maintain euglycemia in infancy. Toward the end of the first year of life, several doses per day (~1 g/kg) of cornstarch may be required to avoid hypoglycemia. Protein intake of 3 g/kg is recommended; extra protein supplementation may be needed. For those with night-time hypoglycemia, Glycosade(®) extended-release cornstarch or continuous nocturnal drip-feeding can be used. Titration of dietary protein and cornstarch is based on self-monitored capillary blood glucose and ketone concentrations, to maintain euglycemia and to prevent ketosis, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertriglyceridemia. Maltodextrin or rapidly absorbable carbohydrates prior to exercise to prevent hypoglycemia during physical activity; oral fructose and sucrose ingestion to improve exercise tolerance. High-fat diet to reduce cardiomyopathy can be considered. Up-to-date individualized emergency letters; perioperative glucose infusion for surgeries to prevent hypoglycemia. Liver transplantation is reserved for those with severe hepatic cirrhosis, liver dysfunction, and/or hepatocellular carcinoma. Liver transplantation may exacerbate myopathy and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D and calcium supplementation to prevent osteoporosis. Surveillance: Aspartate aminotransferase, alanine transaminase, liver function as needed (e.g., albumin, bilirubin, ammonia, and clotting studies), creatine kinase (CK), lipid profile every six to 12 months, liver ultrasound every six to 12 months in children and every 12 to 24 months in adults, liver MRI as needed. To identify periods of suboptimal metabolic control, measured preprandial blood glucose and blood ketones or urine ketones on waking. Neurologic, physical therapy, and musculoskeletal assessments; NT-proBNP, CK-MB, electrocardiogram, and echocardiogram every 12 to 24 months in those with GSD IIIa, and every five years in those with GSD IIIb; measurement of height, weight, body mass index, head circumference, and assessment of diet and exercise as needed based on age; serum calcium and 25(OH)-vitamin D annually; regular bone density measurement is recommended. Agents/circumstances to avoid: High carbohydrate intake, steroid-based drugs, growth hormone replacement therapy, medications that can cause rhabdomyolysis. Use with caution: hormonal contraceptives, statins for control of hyperlipidemia, and beta blockers. Evaluation of relatives at risk: Diagnosis of at-risk sibs at birth allows for early dietary intervention to prevent hypoglycemia. Pregnancy management: Increased monitoring and support during pregnancy of women with GSD III because of increased glucose needs during pregnancy. Although gestational diabetes can occur, oral glucose tests are not indicated. Glucose infusion and regular monitoring of blood glucose, ketones, blood gases, and CK is necessary during labor and perinatally to prevent ketonuria and risk of hyperketosis, metabolic acidosis, and acute rhabdomyolysis. Glucose management requires balancing undertreatment against the risks assocated with overtreatment (e.g., fetal hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia). GENETIC COUNSELING: GSD III is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for an AGL pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected with GSD III, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of inheriting neither of the familial AGL pathogenic variants. Once the AGL pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, carrier testing for at-risk family members and prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing for a pregnancy at increased risk are possible.
Maternal obesity accelerates rat offspring metabolic ageing in a sex-dependent manner.; KEY POINTS: Maternal obesity predisposes to metabolic dysfunction in male and female offspring Maternal high-fat diet consumption prior to and throughout pregnancy and lactation accelerates offspring metabolic ageing in a sex-dependent manner This study provides evidence for programming-ageing interactions ABSTRACT: Human epidemiological studies show that maternal obesity (MO) shortens offspring life and health span. Life course cellular mechanisms involved in this developmental programming-ageing interaction are poorly understood. In a well-established rat MO model, female Wistar rats ate chow (controls (C)) or high energy, obesogenic diet to induce MO from weaning through pregnancy and lactation. Females were bred at postnatal day (PND) 120. Offspring (F(1) ) of mothers on control diet (CF(1) ) and MO diet (MOF(1) ) delivered spontaneously at terms. Both CF(1) and MOF(1) ate C diet from weaning throughout the study. Offspring were killed at PND 36, 110, 450 and 650. We determined body and liver weights, liver and serum metabolite concentrations, hormones and oxidative stress biomarkers. Male and female CF(1) body weight, total fat, adiposity index, serum leptin, insulin, insulin resistance, and liver weight, fat, triglycerides, malondialdehyde, reactive oxygen species and nitrotyrosine all rose with differing ageing trajectories. Female CF(1) triglycerides were unchanged with age. Age-related increases were greater in MOF(1) than CF(1) in both sexes for all variables except glucose in males and females and cholesterol in males. Cholesterol fell in CF(1) females but not MOF(1) . Serum corticosterone levels were higher in male and female MOF(1) than CF(1) and declined with age. DHEA serum levels were lower in male and female MOF(1) than CF(1) . Liver antioxidant enzymes decreased with age (CF(1) and MOF(1) ). CONCLUSIONS: exposure to the developmental challenge of MO accelerates progeny ageing metabolic and endocrine profiles in a sex specific manner, providing evidence for programming-ageing interactions.
Treatment profile of hepatitis C patients - a comparison of interferon alpha 2a and 2b treatment regimes.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the side effects, cost, end treatment response (ETR) and Sustained viral response (SVR) with combination therapy of either interferon alpha 2a or 2b in combination with Ribavarin. STUDY DESIGN: Randomized Control Clinical Trial (RCCT). PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: The study was conducted at Sarwar Zuberi Liver Centre (SZLC), Civil Hospital Karachi (CHK), from May 2004 to July 2009. METHODOLOGY: Patients positive for qualitative HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) by Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and genotype 3 were included. Patients with decompensated cirrhosis, severe depressive illness, autoimmune hepatitis, hyperthyroidism, pregnancy, heart failure, uncontrolled diabetes, obstructive pulmonary disease, children less than three years and patients who had previously received treatment were excluded. Single blind randomization using computerized randomization list was done and patients divided into groups A and B, those requiring treatment were given injection Interferon 3 million units (MU) subcutaneously (SC) three times/week and Ribavarin 1000 mg per day (weight ≤ 75kg) and 1200 mg/day (weight > 75kg) orally with either interferon alpha 2a (group A; FDA approved products) or alpha 2b (group B; non FDA approved product). Demographics, side effects, ETR and SVR were noted. ETR was defined as absence of virus at the end of treatment and SVR was taken as absence of HCV RNA at 6 months after completion of treatment. RESULTS: There were a total 310 patients with mean age of 34.07 +/- 9.38 years including 52.4% males, (n=162). Majority of the patients were from North Pakistan. There were 155 patients each in group A and group B respectively. The cost of treatment for interferon alpha for a single patient for 6 months was Rs 60,000, while for Interferon alpha 2b was Rs 30,000. Side effects (fever initially, followed by fatigue, headache, musculoskeletal pain, depression, alopecia, insomnia, and anorexia) were more prominent in group B when compared with group A. In group A, ETR was 83.8% (130/155) while in group B was 83.2% (129/155). While SVR available in group A was 61/70 (87.1%) and in group B was 60/72 (83.3%). CONCLUSION: Response to combination therapy for HCV was 83%. ETR and SVR were similar for both interferon alpha 2a and 2b. Side effects though minor are more with alpha 2b (non FDA approved products).
Effects of triphenyl phosphate exposure during fetal development on obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult mice: Impaired lipid metabolism and intestinal dysbiosis.; Previous in vitro studies have implied that triphenyl phosphate (TPHP) may act as an obesogen. However, its specific contributions to the progression of obesity and related metabolic diseases are still unclear in vivo in mice. In this study, we evaluated the effects of in utero and lactational exposure to three doses of TPHP (10, 100, and 1000 μg/kg BW) on obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult male mice fed a low-fat diet (LFD) or high-fat diet (HFD), by examining body weight, liver weight, histopathology, blood biochemistry, gene expression, and gut microbiota compositions and metabolic functions. Results showed that TPHP exposure led to increased body weight, liver weight, fat mass, hepatic steatosis, impaired glucose homeostasis, and insulin resistance, and mRNA levels of genes involved in lipid metabolism, especially lipogenesis and lipid accumulation, were significantly altered by TPHP treatment. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) analysis further supported the changes in fatty acid composition. Intestinal flora measurements by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and (1)H NMR based fecal metabolomics indicated that TPHP treatment modulated gut microbiome composition and influenced host-gut co-metabolism, especially for bile acids and short chain fatty acids (SCFAs). These results suggest that fetal exposure to TPHP can promote the development of obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult mice.
Maternal Isocaloric High-Fat Diet Induces Liver Mitochondria Maladaptations and Homeostatic Disturbances Intensifying Mitochondria Damage in Response to Fructose Intake in Adult Male Rat Offspring.; SCOPE: Perinatal maternal obesity and excessive fructose consumption have been associated with liver metabolic diseases. The study investigates whether moderate maternal high-fat diet affects the liver mitochondria responses to fructose intake in adult offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: Wistar female rats have received a standard diet (mSTD) or high-fat diet (mHFD) (9% and 28.6% fat, respectively), before mating until the end of lactation. Male offspring were fed standard diet from weaning to adulthood and received water or fructose-drinking water (15%) from 120 to 150 days old. Fructose induces liver mitochondrial ultrastructural alterations with higher intensity in mHFD offspring, accompanied by reduced autophagy markers. Isolated mitochondria respirometry shows unaltered ATP-coupled oxygen consumption with increased Atp5f1b mRNA only in mHFD offspring. Fructose increases basal respiration and encoding complex I-III mRNA, only in mSTD offspring. Uncoupled respiration is lower in mHFD mitochondria that are unable to exhibit fructose-induced increase Ucp2 mRNA. Fructose decreases antioxidative defense markers, increases unfolded protein response and insulin resistance only in mHFD offspring without fructose-induced hepatic lipid accumulation. CONCLUSION: Mitochondrial dysfunction and homeostatic disturbances in response to fructose are early events evidencing the higher risk of fructose damage in the liver of adult offspring from dams fed an isocaloric moderate high-fat diet.
Prenatal nicotine exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring rats fed high-fat diet via alteration of HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming.; AIM: Prenatal nicotine exposure (PNE) alters the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming in intrauterine growth retardation offspring rats. In this study we aimed to clarify the susceptibility to metabolic diseases of PNE offspring rats fed a high-fat diet. METHODS: Maternal Wistar rats were injected with nicotine (1.0 mg/kg, sc) twice per day from gestational day 11 until full-term delivery, and all pups were fed a high-fat diet after weaning and exposed to unpredictable chronic stress (UCS) during postnatal weeks 18-20. Blood samples were collected before and after chronic stress, and serum ACTH, corticosterone, glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acids levels were measured. The hypothalamus, pituitary gland and liver were dissected for histological studies. RESULTS: UCS significantly increased the serum ACTH, corticosterone and insulin levels as well as the insulin resistant index without changing the serum glucose, total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acids levels in adult offspring rats without PNE. The body weight of PNE offspring rats presented a typical "catch-up" growth pattern. PNE not only aggravated the UCS-induced changes in the HPA axis programmed alteration (caused further increases in the serum ACTH and corticosterone levels), but also significantly changed the glucose and lipid metabolism after UCS (caused further increases in the serum glucose level and insulin resistant index, and decrease in the serum free fatty acids). The effects of PNE on the above indexes after UCS showed gender differences. Pathological studies revealed that PNE led to plenty of lipid droplets in multiple organs. CONCLUSION: PNE enhances not only the HPA axis, but also the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult offspring rats fed a high-fat diet after UCS in a gender-specific manner and enhances the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult offspring rats fed a high-fat diet.
Maternal high fat diets: impacts on offspring obesity and epigenetic hypothalamic programming.; Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy is associated with rapid weight gain and fetal fat mass increase at an early stage. Also, HFD during pregnancy can cause the activation of proinflammatory cytokines. Maternal insulin resistance and inflammation lead to increased adipose tissue lipolysis, and also increased free fatty acid (FFA) intake during pregnancy (˃35% of energy from fat) cause a significant increase in FFA levels in the fetus. However, both maternal insulin resistance and HFD have detrimental effects on adiposity in early life. As a result of these metabolic alterations, excess fetal lipid exposure may affect fetal growth and development. On the other hand, increase in blood lipids and inflammation can adversely affect the development of the liver, adipose tissue, brain, skeletal muscle, and pancreas in the fetus, increasing the risk for metabolic disorders. In addition, maternal HFD is associated with changes in the hypothalamic regulation of body weight and energy homeostasis by altering the expression of the leptin receptor, POMC, and neuropeptide Y in the offspring, as well as altering methylation and gene expression of dopamine and opioid-related genes which cause changes in eating behavior. All these maternal metabolic and epigenetic changes may contribute to the childhood obesity epidemic through fetal metabolic programming. Dietary interventions, such as limiting dietary fat intake <35% with appropriate fatty acid intake during the gestation period are the most effective type of intervention to improve the maternal metabolic environment during pregnancy. Appropriate nutritional intake during pregnancy should be the principal goal in reducing the risks of obesity and metabolic disorders.
In utero exposure to a maternal high-fat diet alters the epigenetic histone code in a murine model.; OBJECTIVE: Data from animal models show that in utero exposure to a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) renders susceptibility of these offspring to the adult onset of metabolic syndrome. We and others have previously shown that epigenetic modifications to histones may serve as a molecular memory of the in utero exposure, rendering the risk of adult disease. Because mice heterozygous for the Glut4 gene (insulin sensitive glucose transporter) born to wild-type (WT) mothers demonstrate exacterbated metabolic syndrome when exposed to an HFD in utero, we sought to analyze the genome-wide epigenetic changes that occur in the fetal liver in susceptible offspring. STUDY DESIGN: WT and Glut4(+/-) (G4(+/-)) offspring of WT mothers that were exposed either to a control or an HFD in utero were studied. Immunoblotting was used to measure hepatic histone modifications of fetal and 5-week animals. Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) followed by hybridization to chip arrays (ChIP-on-chip) was used to detect genome-wide changes of histone modifications with HFD exposure. RESULTS: We found that levels of hepatic H3K14ac and H3K9me3 significantly increased with HFD exposure in WT and G4(+/-) fetal and 5-week offspring. Pathway analysis of our ChIP-on-chip data revealed differential H3K14ac and H3K9me3 enrichment along pathways that regulate lipid metabolism, specifically in the promoter regions of Pparg, Ppara, Rxra, and Rora. CONCLUSION: We conclude that HFD exposure in utero is associated with functional alterations to fetal hepatic histone modifications in both WT and G4(+/-) offspring, some of which persist up to 5 weeks of age.
Frequency of incidental fatty liver on ultrasound and its association with diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To see the frequency of incidental fatty liver on ultrasound and its association with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. METHODS: A cross sectional study was conducted from January 2016 to June 2016 in the department of Surgery and Radiology at Hamdard University Hospital. Patients of both genders and all ages were selected by non purposive convenience sampling. Critically ill, trauma cases and all those patients who had a history of chronic liver disease, alcohol intake and expected pregnancy were excluded. Blood pressure and random blood sugar were recorded. RESULTS: Six hundred patients were included in the study with mean age of 44.65±18.8 years. 240 patients (40%) had incidental finding of fatty liver on ultrasound. Out of 240 with fatty liver patients 117 were males (48.8%) and 123 were females (51.3%). Total 141 patients were diagnosed with hypertension, out of which 81(57.44%, p< 0.001) had fatty liver on ultrasound. Diabetes mellitus was diagnosed in 84 patients, in which 57 patients (67.8%, p<0.001) had fatty liver. CONCLUSION: Fatty liver is a frequently found incidental finding on ultrasound. There is a significant association of fatty liver with diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Beneficial and cautionary outcomes of resveratrol supplementation in pregnant nonhuman primates.; Resveratrol has been proposed as a potential therapeutic to improve metabolic health during pregnancy, yet little is known about the fetal effects of this maternal dietary supplement. We hypothesized that when administered to pregnant nonhuman primates (NHPs), resveratrol would increase uterine blood flow and mitigate the harmful consequences of maternal Western-style diet (WSD) consumption. NHPs were fed a WSD (36% fat) supplemented with 0.37% resveratrol throughout pregnancy. Outcomes were compared with cohorts fed WSD alone and control chow (14% fat) to distinguish between WSD and resveratrol-specific effects in these animals. In the early third trimester, uterine blood flow was measured by Doppler ultrasound before fetal delivery and tissue collection. Resveratrol resulted in 30% maternal weight loss and improved glucose tolerance, increased uterine artery volume blood flow, and decreased placental inflammation and liver triglyceride deposition. In addition, fetal pancreatic mass was enlarged by 42%, with a 12-fold increase in proliferation by Ki67 immunohistochemistry. These results demonstrate that resveratrol use during pregnancy yields improvements in maternal and placental phenotype with beneficial effects in the fetal liver but an unexplained and concerning alteration in fetal pancreatic development, which strongly cautions against the use of resveratrol by pregnant women.
Perinatal nutrient restriction induces long-lasting alterations in the circadian expression pattern of genes regulating food intake and energy metabolism.; OBJECTIVE: Several lines of evidence indicate that nutrient restriction during perinatal development sensitizes the offspring to the development of obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease in adulthood via the programming of hyperphagia and reduced energy expenditure. Given the link between the circadian clock and energy metabolism, and the resetting action of food on the circadian clock, in this study, we have investigated whether perinatal undernutrition affects the circadian expression rhythms of genes regulating food intake in the hypothalamus and energy metabolism in the liver. DESIGN: Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were fed ad libitum either a control (20% protein) or a low-protein (8% protein) diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. At weaning, pups received a standard diet and at 17 and 35 days of age, their daily patterns of gene expression were analyzed by real-time quantitative PCR experiments. RESULTS: 17-day-old pups exposed to perinatal undernutrition exhibited significant alterations in the circadian expression profile of the transcripts encoding diverse genes regulating food intake, the metabolic enzymes fatty acid synthase and glucokinase as well as the clock genes BMAL1 and Period1. These effects persisted after weaning, were associated with hyperphagia and mirrored the results of the behavioral analysis of feeding. Thus, perinatally undernourished rats exhibited an increased hypothalamic expression of the orexigenic peptides agouti-related protein and neuropeptide Y. Conversely, the mRNA levels of the anorexigenic peptides pro-opiomelanocortin and cocaine and amphetamine-related transcripts were decreased. CONCLUSION: These observations indicate that the circadian clock undergoes nutritional programming. The programming of the circadian clock may contribute to the alterations in feeding and energy metabolism associated with malnutrition in early life, which might promote the development of metabolic disorders in adulthood.
Vaccines for persons at high risk due to medical conditions, occupation, environment, or lifestyle, 2005.; The rates of morbidity and mortality due to influenza and pneumococcal diseases are high among persons with underlying medical conditions; thus, influenza and pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines are recommended for those with cardiac disease, diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and other chronic illnesses. For the same reasons, influenza vaccine is recommended for pregnant women and for persons with asthma. Health care workers are at high risk for acquiring and transmitting hepatitis B, measles, varicella, and influenza; hence, vaccination against these diseases is recommended.
Lifetime Exposure to a Constant Environment Amplifies the Impact of a Fructose-Rich Diet on Glucose Homeostasis during Pregnancy.; The need to refine rodent models of human-related disease is now being recognized, in particular the rearing environment that can profoundly modulate metabolic regulation. Most studies on pregnancy and fetal development purchase and transport young females into the research facility, which after a short period of acclimation are investigated (Gen0). We demonstrate that female offspring (Gen1) show an exaggerated hyperinsulinemic response to pregnancy when fed a standard diet and with high fructose intake, which continues throughout pregnancy. Markers of maternal hepatic metabolism were differentially influenced, as the gene expression of acetyl-CoA-carboxylase was raised in Gen1 given fructose and controls, whereas glucose transporter 5 and fatty acid synthase expression were only raised with fructose. Gen1 rats weighed more than Gen0 throughout the study, although fructose feeding raised the percent body fat but not body weight. We show that long-term habituation to the living environment has a profound impact on the animal's metabolic responses to nutritional intervention and pregnancy. This has important implications for interpreting many studies investigating the influence of maternal consumption of fructose on pregnancy outcomes and offspring to date.
The effect of oral terbutaline on maternal glucose metabolism and energy expenditure in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Terbutaline, a selective beta2-agonist, is a frequently used tocolytic known to affect maternal metabolism. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of oral terbutaline on maternal glucose metabolism and energy expenditure. STUDY DESIGN: Six healthy pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were evaluated between 30 and 34 weeks' gestation. Oral terbutaline was administered to determine the effects on hepatic glucose production with [6-6(2)H2] glucose tracer, insulin sensitivity (hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp), and energy expenditure (indirect calorimetry). Terbutaline, insulin, and glucagon levels were also obtained. Subjects were randomly assigned to either oral terbutaline 5 mg every 6 hours for 24 hours or no medication. Repeat studies were conducted 1 week apart, each subject serving as her own control. RESULTS: In the basal state terbutaline was associated with a trend toward increased basal glucose levels (81.6 +/- 6.6 vs 93.7 +/- 12.0 mg/dl, p = 0.06) but no significant increase in hepatic glucose production (3.2 +/- 0.3 vs 3.6 +/- 0.4 mg/kg fat-free mass/min, p = 0.23). However, there was a significant increase in basal insulin concentration (17.6 +/- 9.2 vs 25.6 +/- 10.4 microU/ml, p = 0.02). There was a 28% decrease in insulin sensitivity as measured by the glucose infusion rate during the euglycemic clamp plus residual hepatic glucose turnover (5.78 +/- 1.91 vs 4.16 +/- 1.49 mg/kg fat-free mass/min, p = 0.005). Glucagon concentration was significantly decreased both in the basal state (163 +/- 26 vs 144 +/- 27 pg/ml, p = 0.0007) and during the clamp (144 +/- 27 vs 133 +/- 27 pg/ml, p = 0.003). Basal oxygen consumption increased 9% (270 +/- 49 vs 294 +/- 50 ml oxygen/min, p = 0.007) and caloric expenditure 14% (1.32 +/- 0.23 vs 1.50 +/- 0.31 kcal/min, p = 0.025) or 260 kcal/day with terbutaline. CONCLUSION: Decreased peripheral insulin sensitivity, and to a lesser degree increased endogenous glucose production, may represent the pathophysiology of abnormal glucose tolerance observed in many women treated with oral terbutaline. Common side effects such as tremors and tachycardia experienced by many women on a regimen of terbutaline are consistent with our finding of a significant increase in basal energy expenditure.
A randomized multicenter clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of melatonin in the prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection in high-risk contacts (MeCOVID Trial): A structured summary of a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: Primary objective: to evaluate the efficacy of melatonin as a prophylactic treatment on prevention of symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection among healthcare workers at high risk of SARS-CoV-2 exposure. Secondary objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of melatonin as a prophylactic treatment on prevention of asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection.To evaluate the efficacy of melatonin to prevent the development of severe COVID-19 in the participants enrolled in this study who develop SARS-CoV-2 infection along the trial.To evaluate the duration of COVID-19 symptoms in participants receiving melatonin before the infection.To evaluate seroconversion timing post-symptom onset. Exploratory objectives:To compare severity of COVID-19 between men and women.To evaluate the influence of sleep and diet on prevention from SARS-CoV-2 infection.To evaluate the effect of melatonin on the incidence and characteristics of lymphopenia and increase of inflammatory cytokines related to COVID-19. TRIAL DESIGN: This is a two-arm parallel randomised double-blind controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of melatonin versus placebo in the prophylaxis of coronavirus disease 2019 among healthcare workers. PARTICIPANTS: Inclusion Criteria: Male or female participants ≥ 18 and ≤ 80 years of age.Healthcare workers from the public and private Spanish hospital network at risk of SARS-CoV 2 infection.Not having a previous COVID19 diagnosis.Understanding the purpose of the trial and not having taken any pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) including HIV PrEP from March 1(st) 2020 until study enrolment.Having a negative SARS-CoV 2 reverse-transcription PCR (RT-PCR) result or a negative serologic rapid test (IgM/IgG) result before randomization.Premenopausal women must have a negative urinary pregnancy test in the 7 days before starting the trial treatment.Premenopausal women and males with premenopausal couples must commit to using a high efficiency anticonceptive method. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: HIV infection.Active hepatitis B infection.Renal failure (CrCl < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2) or need for hemodialysis.Osteoporosis.Myasthenia gravis.Pre-existent maculopathy.Retinitis pigmentosa.Bradycardia (less than 50 bpm).Weight less than 40 Kg.Participant with any immunosuppressive condition or hematological disease.Treatment with drugs that may prolong QT in the last month before randomization for more than 7 days including: azithromycin, chlorpromazine, cisapride, clarithromycin, domperidone, droperidol, erythromycin, halofantrine, haloperidol, lumefantrine, mefloquine, methadone, pentamidine, procainamide, quinidine, quinine, sotalol, sparfloxacin, thioridazine, amiodarone.Hereditary intolerance to galactose, Lapp lactase deficiency or glucose or galactose malabsorption.Treatment with fluvoxamine.Treatment with benzodiazepines or benzodiazepine analogues such as zolpidem, zopiclone or zaleplon.Pregnancy.Breastfeeding.History of potentially immune derived diseases such as: lupus, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, vasculitis or rheumatoid arthritis.Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.Known history of hypersensitivity to the study drug or any of its components.Patients that should not be included in the study at the judgment of the research team. Participants will be recruited from the following eight hospitals in Madrid, Spain: Hospital Universitario La Paz, Hospital Ramón y Cajal, Hospital Infanta Sofía, Hospital 12 de Octubre, Hospital Clínico San Carlos, Hospital Central de la defensa Gómez Ulla,Hospital de La Princesa and Hospital Infanta Leonor. INTERVENTION AND COMPARATOR: Experimental: Melatonin (Circadin®, Exeltis Healthcare, Spain): 2 mg of melatonin orally before bedtime for 12 weeks. Comparator: Identical looking placebo (Laboratorios Liconsa, Spain) orally before bedtime for 12 weeks. MAIN OUTCOMES: Number of SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) symptomatic infections confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test or serologic test or according to each centre diagnosis protocol. Primary outcome will be measured until the end of treatment for each participant (until the date of the last dose taken by each patient). RANDOMISATION: Patients who meet all inclusion and no exclusion criteria will be randomised, stratified by centres, sex and age (<50 and ≥ 50 years old). The randomisation sequence was created using SAS version 9.4 statistical software (procedure 'PROC PLAN') with a 1:1 allocation. No randomisation seed was specified. The randomisation seed was generated taking the hour of the computer where the program was executed. Randomization will be done centrally through the electronic system RedCAP® in order to conceal the sequence until interventions are assigned BLINDING (MASKING): Participants, caregivers, and those assessing the outcomes are blinded to group assignment. NUMBERS TO BE RANDOMISED (SAMPLE SIZE): A total of 450 participants are planned to be enrolled in this clinical trial, 225 in the experimental arm and 225 in the placebo arm. TRIAL STATUS: Protocol version 3.0, 17th of April 2020. Recruitment ongoing. First participant was recruited on the 21st of April 2020. The final participant is anticipated to be recruited on the 31st of May 2020. As of May 18th, 2020, a total of 312 participants have been enrolled (154 at Hospital La Paz, 85 at Hospital Infanta Sofía and 73 at Hospital 12 de Octubre). TRIAL REGISTRATION: EU Clinical Trials Register: 2020-001530-35; Date of trial registration: 13th of April 2020; https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu/ctr-search/trial/2020-001530-35/ES FULL PROTOCOL: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol.
Past, Present, and Future Research Avenues for Metformin: A Literature Review.; Objective: To review why metformin is considered first-line therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and review newer avenues of research currently being evaluated. Data Sources: The Cochrane Library and Medline (to January 2014) were searched for case-control and cohort studies, clinical trials, and systematic reviews and meta-analyses involving metformin for any indication. Study Selection and Data Extraction: The literature search found 5 major avenues of research for metformin: reduction in mortality, delayed-onset or prevention of T2DM in the presence of prediabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and decreased cancer risk. When available, multi-center, double-blind, controlled clinical trials or meta-analyses thereof were selected for review. If these types of studies did not exist, other types of studies were chosen for review. Data Synthesis: Metformin significantly decreases all-cause and diabetes-related mortality in overweight and obese patients with T2DM. It may also decrease risk of progression to T2DM in patients with prediabetes. Metformin has been studied for the treatment of NAFLD though data are limited. Metformin alone or combined with clomiphene may increase pregnancy and ovulation rates but has not yet been shown to increase live-birth rates in patients with PCOS. Metformin may decrease risk of colorectal cancer but not all-cancer risk. Conclusions: Metformin's clinical role in T2DM and prediabetes is well established. Other avenues of research being evaluated at this time are NAFLD, PCOS, and reduced risk of cancer; more data are needed before it has a clinical role in these indications.
Programming of rat muscle and fat metabolism by in utero overexposure to glucocorticoids.; In utero overexposure to glucocorticoids may explain the association between low birth weight and subsequent development of the metabolic syndrome. We previously showed that prenatal dexamethasone (dex) exposure in the rat lowers birth weight and programs adult fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia, associated with increased hepatic gluconeogenesis driven by elevated liver glucocorticoid receptor (GR) expression. This study aimed to determine whether prenatal dex (100 microg/kg per day from embryonic d 15 to embryonic d 21) programs adult GR expression in skeletal muscle and/or adipose tissue and whether this contributes to altered peripheral glucose uptake or metabolism. In utero dex-exposed rats remained lighter until 6 months of age, despite some early catch-up growth. Adults had smaller epididymal fat pads, with a relative increase in muscle size. Although glycogen storage was reduced in quadriceps, 2-deoxyglucose uptake into extensor digitorum longus muscle was increased by 32% (P < 0.05), whereas uptake in other muscles and adipose beds was unaffected by prenatal dex. GR mRNA was not different in most muscles but selectively reduced in soleus (by 23%, P < 0.05). However, GR mRNA was markedly increased specifically in retroperitoneal fat (by 50%, P < 0.02). This was accompanied by a shift from peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor gamma 1 to gamma 2 expression and a reduction in lipoprotein lipase mRNA (by 28%, P < 0.02). Adipose leptin, uncoupling protein-3 and resistin mRNAs, muscle GLUT-4, and circulating lipids were not affected by prenatal dex. These data suggest that hyperglycemia in 6-month-old rats exposed to dexamethasone in utero is not due to attenuated peripheral glucose disposal. However, increased GR and attenuated fatty acid uptake specifically in visceral adipose are consistent with insulin resistance in this crucial metabolic depot and could indirectly contribute to increased hepatic glucose output.
Two decades since the fetal insulin hypothesis: what have we learned from genetics?; In 1998 the fetal insulin hypothesis proposed that lower birthweight and adult-onset type 2 diabetes are two phenotypes of the same genotype. Since then, advances in research investigating the role of genetics affecting insulin secretion and action have furthered knowledge of fetal insulin-mediated growth and the biology of type 2 diabetes. In this review, we discuss the historical research context from which the fetal insulin hypothesis originated and consider the position of the hypothesis in light of recent evidence. In summary, there is now ample evidence to support the idea that variants of certain genes which result in impaired pancreatic beta cell function and reduced insulin secretion contribute to both lower birthweight and higher type 2 diabetes risk in later life when inherited by the fetus. There is also evidence to support genetic links between type 2 diabetes secondary to reduced insulin action and lower birthweight but this applies only to loci implicated in body fat distribution and not those influencing insulin resistance via obesity or lipid metabolism by the liver. Finally, we also consider how advances in genetics are being used to explore alternative hypotheses, namely the role of the maternal intrauterine environment, in the relationship between lower birthweight and adult cardiometabolic disease.
The role of exogenous insulin in the complex of hepatic lipidosis and ketosis associated with insulin resistance phenomenon in postpartum dairy cattle.; As a result of a marked decline in dry matter intake (DMI) prior to parturition and a slow rate of increase in DMI relative to milk production after parturition, dairy cattle experience a negative energy balance. Changes in nutritional and metabolic status during the periparturient period predispose dairy cattle to develop hepatic lipidosis and ketosis. The metabolic profile during early lactation includes low concentrations of serum insulin, plasma glucose, and liver glycogen and high concentrations of serum glucagon, adrenaline, growth hormone, plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate and non-esterified fatty acids, and liver triglyceride. Moreover, during late gestation and early lactation, flow of nutrients to fetus and mammary tissues are accorded a high degree of metabolic priority. This priority coincides with lowered responsiveness and sensitivity of extrahepatic tissues to insulin, which presumably plays a key role in development of hepatic lipidosis and ketosis. Hepatic lipidosis and ketosis compromise production, immune function, and fertility. Cows with hepatic lipidosis and ketosis have low tissue responsiveness to insulin owing to ketoacidosis. Insulin has numerous roles in metabolism of carbohydrates, lipids and proteins. Insulin is an anabolic hormone and acts to preserve nutrients as well as being a potent feed intake regulator. In addition to the major replacement therapy to alleviate severity of negative energy balance, administration of insulin with concomitant delivery of dextrose increases efficiency of treatment for hepatic lipidosis and ketosis. However, data on use of insulin to prevent these lipid-related metabolic disorders are limited and it should be investigated.
Clinicopathological Study of Chronic Kidney Disease of Unknown Etiology in Odisha.; INTRODUCTION: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is emerging as a serious health problem in Odisha, India. A new form of severe CKD affecting adults, not due to traditional risk factors like diabetes, hypertension, glomerulonephritis, has been reported in Sri Lanka, Central America, and Egypt in the last two decades. This has been named CKD of unknown origin (CKDu), and it is fatal due to late recognition and rapid disease progression. The aim of the study was to elucidate the association between different sociodemographic, and biochemical parameters with renal morphology in CKD of unknown origin patients. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 124 consecutive patients with CKD from the period January 2018 to December 2018. Patients in the age group 18-60 years who met clinical criteria for CKD were included. Participants answered a questionnaire. After the necessary history, clinical evaluation, and blood and urine analyses, a kidney biopsy was undertaken. Kidney biopsy was feasible in 51 patients as the rest 61 patients had shrunken kidneys and 12 patients did not give consent. Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension, glomerulonephritis, polycystic kidney disease, obstructive kidney disease or any other congenital diseases, snakebite, pregnancy, malignancy, gout, primary hyperparathyroidism, infectious diseases like human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), TB, Hepatitis B and C, malaria, syphilis, leprosy and coagulopathies were excluded. Among the 51 patients, 23 had CKDu, 25 had chronic glomerulonephritis and three biopsies were inconclusive. RESULTS: The mean age of CKDu patients was 36.78 ± 9.85 years. Males (73.9%) were predominantly affected. A family history of CKD was seen in 82.6% of CKDu cases. Hyponatremia and hypokalemia were predominant biochemical abnormalities in our CKDu cases. Binary logistic regression showed rural residence, family history of CKD, exposure to smoke from burning coal, charcoal, or biomass fuels, low socioeconomic status, and low body mass index were strongly associated with CKDu. There was an increased risk of developing CKDu in persons with a family history of CKD [p = 0.003, odds ratio (OR)- 17.58], persons exposed to smoke from burning coal, charcoal or biomass fuels (p = 0.003, OR- 32.4), and patients with low socio-economic status (p = 0.001, OR- 15.87). Interstitial fibrosis (IF), interstitial inflammation with mononuclear infiltration, tubular atrophy (TA), and global glomerulosclerosis (GS) were pertinent histopathological findings in our study. CONCLUSION: There is no strong evidence for a single cause for CKDu, and multiple environmental, occupational and social factors are probably involved. We need to design consistent and comparative multisite studies to identify etiologies of CKDu, across high-risk populations that may help elucidate the importance of region-specific vs global risk factors.
Englitazone administration to late pregnant rats produces delayed body growth and insulin resistance in their fetuses and neonates.; The level of maternal circulating triacylglycerols during late pregnancy has been correlated with the mass of newborns. PPARgamma (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor gamma) ligands, such as TZDs (thiazolidinediones), have been shown to reduce triacylglycerolaemia and have also been implicated in the inhibition of tissue growth and the promotion of cell differentiation. Therefore TZDs might control cell proliferation during late fetal development and, by extension, body mass of pups. To investigate the response to EZ (englitazone), a TZD, on perinatal development, 0 or 50 mg of englitazone/kg of body mass was given as an oral dose to pregnant rats daily from day 16 of gestation until either day 20 for the study of their fetuses, or until day 21 of gestation for the study of neonates. EZ decreased maternal triacylglycerol levels at day 20 of gestation and neonatal mass, but not fetal mass. Fetuses and neonates from EZ-treated mothers exhibited high levels of insulin and were found to be hyperglycaemic. The apparent insulin-resistant state in neonates from EZ-treated pregnant rats was corroborated, since they showed higher plasma NEFA [non-esterified ('free') fatty acid] levels, ketonaemia and liver LPL (lipoprotein lipase) activity and lower plasma IGF-I (type 1 insulin-like growth factor) levels, in comparison with those from control mothers. Moreover, at the molecular level, an increase in Akt phosphorylation was found in the liver of neonates from EZ-treated mothers, which confirms that the insulin pathway was negatively affected. Thus the response of fetuses and neonates to maternal antidiabetic drug treatment is the opposite of what would be expected, and can be justified by the scarce amount of adipose tissue impeding a normal response to PPARgamma ligands and by hyperinsulinaemia as being responsible for a major insulin-resistant condition.
Protein nutrition in late pregnancy, maternal protein reserves and lactation performance in dairy cows.; Empirical evidence suggests that prolonged underfeeding of protein to late-pregnant dry cows can have modest negative carry-over effects on milk volume and/or protein yield during early lactation, and may also cause increased incidence of metabolic diseases associated with fatty liver. However, assessment of requirements is hampered by lack of information on relationships between dietary intake of crude protein (N x 6.25) and metabolizable protein supply during late pregnancy, and by incomplete understanding of the quantitative metabolism of amino acids in maternal and conceptus tissues. Inability of the postparturient cow to consume sufficient protein to meet mammary and extra-mammary amino acid requirements, including a significant demand for hepatic gluconeogenesis, necessitates a substantial, albeit transient, mobilization of tissue protein during the first 2 weeks of lactation. Ultimately, much of this mobilized protein appears to be derived from peripheral tissues, especially skeletal muscle and, to a lesser extent, skin, through suppression of tissue protein synthesis, and possibly increased proteolysis. In the shorter term, soon after calving, it is likely that amino acids required for hepatic glucose synthesis are diverted from high rates of synthesis of splanchnic tissue and export proteins, including serum albumin. The prevailing endocrine milieu of the periparturient cow, including major reductions in plasma levels of insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I, together with insulin resistance in peripheral tissues, must permissively facilitate, if not actively promote, net mobilization of amino acids from these tissues.
Sex dimorphism in late gestational sleep fragmentation and metabolic dysfunction in offspring mice.; BACKGROUND: Excessive sleep fragmentation (SF) is common in pregnant women. Adult-onset metabolic disorders may begin during early development and exhibit substantial sex dimorphism. We hypothesized that metabolic dysfunction induced by gestational SF in male mice would not be apparent in female littermates. METHODS: Body weight and food consumption were measured weekly in male and female offspring after late gestational SF or control sleep (SC). At 20 weeks, plasma leptin, adiponectin, lipid profiles, and insulin and glucose tolerance tests were assessed. Leptin and adiponectin, M1, and M2 macrophage messenger RNA expression and polarity were examined. Adiponectin gene promoter methylation levels in several tissues were assessed. RESULTS: Food intake, body weight, visceral fat mass, and insulin resistance were higher, and adiponectin levels lower in male but not female offspring exposed to gestational SF. However, dyslipidemia was apparent in both male and female offspring exposed to SF, albeit of lesser magnitude. In visceral fat, leptin messenger RNA expression was selectively increased and adiponectin expression was decreased in male offspring exposed to gestational SF, but adiponectin was increased in exposed female offspring. Differences in adipokine expression also emerged in liver, subcutaneous fat, and muscle. Increased M1 macrophage markers were present in male offspring exposed to SF (SFOM) while increased M2 markers emerged in SF in female offspring (SFOF). Similarly, significant differences emerged in the methylation patterns of adiponectin promoter in SFOM and SFOF. CONCLUSION: Gestational sleep fragmentation increases the susceptibility to obesity and metabolic syndrome in male but not in female offspring, most likely via epigenetic changes. Thus, sleep perturbations impose long-term detrimental effects to the fetus manifesting as sex dimorphic metabolic dysfunction in adulthood.
Maternal Hepatitis B Virus or Hepatitis C Virus Carrier Status and Long-Term Endocrine Morbidity of the Offspring-A Population-Based Cohort Study.; This study aimed to investigate the long-term effect of maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) carrier status on offspring endocrine morbidity. A population-based cohort study included all singleton deliveries between the years 1991-2014 at the Soroka University Medical Center, Beer-Sheva, Southern Israel. The mothers were subdivided into three groups, HBV carriers, HCV carriers and non-carriers. Data regarding the long-term endocrine morbidity of their offspring were compared between the groups. The study included 242,905 (99.7%) non-carrying mothers, 591 (0.2%) mothers who were carriers for HBV and 186 (0.1%) mothers who were carriers for HCV. The Kaplan-Meier's survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative endocrine morbidity in children born to mothers with HCV (log-rank test, p = 0.002). Specifically, higher rates of hypoglycemia were noted among the offspring born to mothers who were carriers of HCV (1.1%; p = 0.001) compared with the offspring of mothers who were either carriers of HBV (0.2%) or non-carriers (0.1%). A Cox regression model controlled for maternal age, gestational age, maternal diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, found maternal HCV carrier status to be independently associated with pediatric endocrine morbidity in the offspring (adjusted hazard ratio = 5.05, 95% CI: 1.625-15.695, p = 0.005). Maternal HCV carrier status is an independent risk factor for long-term endocrine morbidity.
Prenatal programming of metabolic syndrome in the common marmoset is associated with increased expression of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1.; OBJECTIVE: Recent studies in humans and animal models of obesity have shown increased adipose tissue activity of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 (11beta-HSD1), which amplifies local tissue glucocorticoid concentrations. The reasons for this 11beta-HSD1 dysregulation are unknown. Here, we tested whether 11beta-HSD1 expression, like the metabolic syndrome, is "programmed" by prenatal environmental events in a nonhuman primate model, the common marmoset monkey. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used a "fetal programming" paradigm where brief antenatal exposure to glucocorticoids leads to the metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Pregnant marmosets were given the synthetic glucocorticoid dexamethasone orally for 1 week in either early or late gestation, or they were given vehicle. Tissue 11beta-HSD1 and glucocorticoid receptor mRNA expression were examined in the offspring at 4 and 24 months of age. RESULTS: Prenatal dexamethasone administration, selectively during late gestation, resulted in early and persistent elevations in 11beta-HSD1 mRNA expression and activity in the liver, pancreas, and subcutaneous-but not visceral-fat. The increase in 11beta-HSD1 occurred before animals developed obesity or overt features of the metabolic syndrome. In contrast to rodents, in utero dexamethasone exposure did not alter glucocorticoid receptor expression in metabolic tissues in marmosets. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that long-term upregulation of 11beta-HSD1 in metabolically active tissues may follow prenatal "stress" hormone exposure and indicates a novel mechanism for fetal origins of adult obesity and the metabolic syndrome.
Dietary alleviation of maternal obesity and diabetes: increased resistance to diet-induced obesity transcriptional and epigenetic signatures.; According to the developmental origins of health and diseases (DOHaD), and in line with the findings of many studies, obesity during pregnancy is clearly a threat to the health and well-being of the offspring, later in adulthood. We previously showed that 20% of male and female inbred mice can cope with the obesogenic effects of a high-fat diet (HFD) for 20 weeks after weaning, remaining lean. However the feeding of a control diet (CD) to DIO mice during the periconceptional/gestation/lactation period led to a pronounced sex-specific shift (17% to 43%) from susceptibility to resistance to HFD, in the female offspring only. Our aim in this study was to determine how, in the context of maternal obesity and T2D, a CD could increase resistance on female fetuses. Transcriptional analyses were carried out with a custom-built mouse liver microarray and by quantitative RT-PCR for muscle and adipose tissue. Both global DNA methylation and levels of pertinent histone marks were assessed by LUMA and western blotting, and the expression of 15 relevant genes encoding chromatin-modifying enzymes was analyzed in tissues presenting global epigenetic changes. Resistance was associated with an enhancement of hepatic pathways protecting against steatosis, the unexpected upregulation of neurotransmission-related genes and the modulation of a vast imprinted gene network. Adipose tissue displayed a pronounced dysregulation of gene expression, with an upregulation of genes involved in lipid storage and adipocyte hypertrophy or hyperplasia in obese mice born to lean and obese mothers, respectively. Global DNA methylation, several histone marks and key epigenetic regulators were also altered. Whether they were themselves lean (resistant) or obese (sensitive), the offspring of lean and obese mice clearly differed in terms of several metabolic features and epigenetic marks suggesting that the effects of a HFD depend on the leanness or obesity of the mother.
[Treatment with low dose methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis: risk factors for severe complications].; Treatment with low dose methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis is associated with serious side effects in about 5 per cent of cases (respiratory, haematological or infectious). The goal of a null risk seems unrealistic because of the idiosyncrasy of some of the risks and our poor understanding of others (enzymatic polymorphisms might be operational, and infectious agents could act as co-factors). However, risk can be greatly reduced by a careful selection of patients. Some contraindications are strict: poor compliance and the possibility of mistake in the timing of the administration; pregnancy or desire for pregnancy; treatment with trimetoprim; haemodialysis; renal insufficiency (clearance < or = 50 ml/min) (and therefore old age), alcoholism. Others remain relative although well established; hypoalbuminaemia, diabetes mellitus, obesity, past infection with hepatitis virus. Others are dubious: starvation, macrocytosis, surgical stress, NSAIDs. An extensive large study of side effects is warranted.
The autonomic nervous system and perinatal metabolism.; The development of the autonomic nervous system in relation to perinatal metabolism is reviewed with particular attention given to the adipocyte, hepatocyte and the A and B cells of the islets of Langerhans. Adrenergic receptors develop in the B cell independently of normal innervation and by the time of birth, in most species studied, the pancreas, liver and adipose tissue respond appropriately to autonomic signals. Birth is associated with a huge surge in circulating catecholamines which is probably responsible for the early postnatal rise in free fatty acids and glucagon concentrations in plasma. beta-Blocking drugs such as propranolol have an adverse effect on fetal growth and neonatal metabolism, being responsible for hypoglycemia and for impairing the thermogenic response to cold exposure. beta-Mimetic drugs are commonly used to prevent premature labour and may help the fetus in other ways, for example, by improving the placental blood supply and the delivery of nutrients by increasing maternal fat and carbohydrate mobilization.
Evaluation of Pre-Transplant Panel Reactive Antibody Levels and Sensitization: A Single-Center Study.; BACKGROUND Sensitization is one of the most important barriers against transplantation. Our aim was to evaluate the sensitization status of our patients awaiting cadaveric transplantation and to identify factors causing sensitization. MATERIAL AND METHODS A total of 140 patients on the cadaveric waiting list during January 2014 were included in this retrospective cross-sectional study. The parametric t-test and the non-parametric chi-square test were used to detect differences between PRA-positive and -negative patients. Multivariate analysis was used to identify factors associated with PRA positivity. One-way analysis of variance was used to compare PRA-negative and -positive results. RESULTS Anti-HCV positivity (p=0.040), history of transfusion (p=0.041), and mean number of blood product transfused (p=0.047) were significantly related to class 1 PRA positivity. History of transfusion (p=0.038) and mean number of blood product transfused (p=0.044) were related to class 2 PRA positivity. The multivariate analysis indicated that transfusion and more than 5 units of blood product transfused were related to either class 1 or class 2 PRA positivity. No associations were found between PRA positivity and pregnancy, transplantation, age, sex, infection, abortion, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, hepatitis B, or time spent on dialysis and being on the transplantation waiting list. CONCLUSIONS Anti-HCV positivity and transfusion are risk factors for sensitization. Particular emphasis should be given to sensitization and its prevention to reduce waiting time for transplantation.
The high-fructose intake of dams during pregnancy and lactation exerts sex-specific effects on adult rat offspring metabolism.; Experimental studies have demonstrated the effects of maternal fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic alterations in their offspring, especially male offspring. However, few studies have focused on female offspring after providing fructose in food to dam rats. Here, we studied whether offspring of both sexes were differentially affected by a maternal high-fructose diet (HFD). For this purpose, Sprague-Dawley rats were fed during pregnancy and lactation with a standard diet (SD) or a HFD (50% w/w). After weaning, offspring were fed an SD; 3 days later, dams were sacrificed, and their offspring were sacrificed on postnatal day 90. Body weight (BW), food and water intake (only for dams), and various biomarkers of metabolic syndrome were measured. When compared to the SD-fed dams, HFD-fed dams had a reduction in BW and food and water intake. Conversely, adiposity, liver weight, liver lipids, and plasma levels of glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides, and uric acid were increased in HFD-fed dams. Moreover, the BW, food consumption, weight of retroperitoneal fat pads, and liver lipids increased in female and male offspring of HFD-fed dams. Interestingly, the pups of HFD-fed mothers showed increased levels of leptin and insulin resistance and decreased levels of adiponectin which were more pronounced in male offspring than in female offspring. In contrast, a higher increase in BW was shown earlier in female offspring. Thus, high-fructose consumption by dams during pregnancy and lactation led to sex-specific developmental programming of the metabolic syndrome phenotype in adult offspring.
The preconception health status of nongravid women aged 18 to 45 years in Arima, Trinidad: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Preconception care (PCC) is the term used for activities and interventions designed to address and prevent problems related to pregnancy, the neonatal period and childhood. This study assessed maternal health status prior to conception in Trinidad by means of a screening tool, physical measurements, and laboratory samples. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among women aged 18-45 years at a primary care centre in Arima, Trinidad. A de novo PCC screening tool was used to assess 13 domains of high-risk pregnancy in participants. These domains included dietary details, gynaecological and obstetric histories, and genetic and vaccination histories, among others. Blood pressure, weight, height, and waist circumference were recorded, and a capillary blood sample was used to determine random blood glucose and HbA1c levels. All data were coded and entered into SPSS ver. 21. RESULTS: A total of 400 nongravid participants were recruited, of whom 366 were included in the final analysis. Most (96.7%) had one or more risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These included overweight (27%), obesity (35%), central obesity (69.4%), and impaired glucose tolerance/diabetes mellitus (IGT/DM) (26.2%). Additionally, a sedentary lifestyle and diet high in processed food/fats were self-reported by 74.9% and 88.8% of participants, respectively. Only 13.1% had planned to conceive, and of those who had no immediate plans to conceive, 76.4% were currently sexually active, and many (60.7%) did not use birth control techniques. More than half (57.1%) had never had a pap smear. On the other hand, 86.3% knew their HIV status. Self-reported percentages for vaccination were as follows: MMR (100%), tetanus (17.5%), hepatitis B (11.5%) and influenza (2.7%). The majority (82.8%) of participants had not visited the dentist in the past year, with 35.9% of these individuals reporting symptoms of periodontitis. Segments of the population had multiple risk factors; for example, 23.7% of participants were overweight or obese and had an elevated HbA1c level. CONCLUSIONS: Unexpectedly, most participants had a risk factor for an adverse pregnancy outcome, and many had multiple risk factors. There is a strong case for enhanced preconception care for women in Trinidad.
Case Report:Pregnancy and birth in a mild phenotype of Alström syndrome.; Background: Alström syndrome (AS) is an ultrarare multisystemic progressive disease caused by autosomal recessive variations of the ALMS1 gene (2p13). AS is characterized by double sensory impairment, cardiomyopathy, childhood obesity, extreme insulin resistance, early nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, renal dysfunction, respiratory disease, endocrine and urologic disorders. In female AS patients, hyperandrogenism has been described but fertility issues and conception have not been investigated so far. Case: This case report describes the spontaneous conception, pregnancy, and birth in a 27-year-old woman with AS, characterized by a mild phenotype with late onset of visual impairment, residual perception of light, and hypertension. Before pregnancy, menses were regular with increased levels of dihydrotestosterone and androstanediol glucuronide in the follicular phase, and the ovaries and endometrium were normal during vaginal ultrasound. A thorough clinical follow-up of the maternal and fetal conditions was carried out. A weight gain of 10 kg during pregnancy was recorded, and serial blood and urine tests were all within the normal range, except for mild anemia. The course of pregnancy was uneventful up to 34 weeks of gestation when preeclampsia developed with an abnormally high level of blood pressure and edema in the lower limbs. At 35 weeks + 3 days of gestation, an urgent cesarean section was performed, and a healthy male weighing 1,950 g was born. Histological examination of the placenta showed partial signs of flow obstruction, limited abruption areas, congested fetal vessels and villi, and a small single infarcted area. Conclusion: The present case demonstrates for the first time that conceiving is possible for patients with ALMS. Particular attention should be given to the management of AS systemic comorbidities through the course of pregnancy.
Post-weaning protein malnutrition in the rat produces short and long term metabolic impairment, in contrast to earlier and later periods.; Malnutrition during gestation and lactation modifies metabolic strategies and leads to metabolic disease in adult life. Studies in human populations suggest that malnutrition during infancy may also induce long term metabolic disorders.The present study investigated if post-weaning and a late period of development might be sensitive for long term metabolic impairment. Hereto male Wistar rats were malnourished with a low protein diet (6%), during gestation and lactation (MGL), from weaning to 55 days (MPW) or during adulthood from 90 to 120 days (MA). Control rats (C) were fed with a regular diet (23% protein). We determine plasma concentrations of insulin, glucagon, triacylglycerols (TAG), free fatty acids (FFA), and liver glycogen after a Glucose Tolerance Test (GTT).Independent of the age of onset, malnutrition induced low body weight. Early and post-weaning malnutrition produced impaired glucose tolerance and low values of TAG, also in MPW induced low values of insulin and glucagon. At 90 days, after balanced diet rehabilitation, the MGL group showed a similar glucose tolerance test as the controls but display low values of insulin, while the MPW group exhibited high levels of glucose and TAG, and low values of insulin, glucagon, FFA and hepatic glycogen. At 180 days, after balanced rehabilitation only MPW rats showed metabolic alterations. Malnutrition during adult life (MA) did not produce metabolic disturbances. Surprisingly the results uncover the post-weaning stage as a vulnerable period to malnutrition that induces long lasting metabolic alterations and deficiency in pancreatic function.
[Diabetes insipidus and pregnancy].; Diabetes insipidus is an uncommon pathology; its incidence varies from two to six cases in 100,000 pregnancies. It has multiple etiologies and it is classified in central and neurogenic. Patients with diabetes insipidus generally show intense thirst, polyuria, neurologic symptoms and hypernatremia. It does not seem to alter the patient's fertility. Diabetes insipidus is usually associated with pre-eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, and fatty liver disease of pregnancy. This is a report of a case seen at the Hospital General de Cholula, in Puebla, Mexico. A 19 year-old female, with 37.2 weeks of pregnancy, had a history of Langerhans cell histiocytosis since she was four years. Patient was treated with intranasal desmopressin until 2005. She went to an obstetric evaluation; laboratory and cabinet studies were obtained. A healthy 1900 g female was obtained through vaginal delivery, with a 7/9 Apgar score. We should be familiarized with this uncommon pathology because of its association with several obstetric emergencies.
New animal models reveal that coenzyme Q2 (Coq2) and placenta-specific 8 (Plac8) are candidate genes for the onset of type 2 diabetes associated with obesity in rats.; Obesity is a major risk factor for the onset of type 2 diabetes; however, little is known about the gene(s) involved. Therefore, we developed new animal models of obesity to search for diabetogenic genes associated with obesity. We generated double congenic rat strains with a hyperglycaemic quantitative trait locus (QTL) derived from the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat and a fa/fa (Lepr-/-) locus derived from the Zucker Fatty rat; phenotypic analysis for plasma glucose and insulin levels and RNA and protein levels were determined using reverse transcription quantitative PCR and Western blotting analyses, respectively. The double congenic strain F344-fa-nidd2 (Lepr-/- and Nidd2/of) exhibited significantly higher glucose levels and significantly lower hypoglycaemic response to insulin than the obese control strain F344-fa (Lepr-/-). These phenotypes were clearly observed in the obese strains but not in the lean strains. These results indicate that the Nidd2/of locus harbours a diabetogenic gene associated with obesity. We measured the expression of 60 genes in the Nidd2/of QTL region between the strains and found that the mRNA expression levels of five genes were significantly different between the strains under the condition of obesity. However, three of the five genes were differentially expressed in both obese and lean rats, indicating that these genes are not specific for the condition of obesity. Conversely, the other two genes, coenzyme Q2 (Coq2) and placenta-specific 8 (Plac8), were differentially expressed only in the obese rats, suggesting that these two genes are candidates for the onset of type 2 diabetes associated with obesity in rats.
The effect of androgen excess on maternal metabolism, placental function and fetal growth in obese dams.; Pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are often overweight or obese. To study the effects of maternal androgen excess in obese dams on metabolism, placental function and fetal growth, female C57Bl6J mice were fed a control (CD) or a high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet for 4-10 weeks, and then mated. On gestational day (GD) 15.5-17.5, dams were injected with dihydrotestosterone (CD-DHT, HF/HS-DHT) or a vehicle (CD-Veh, HF/HS-Veh). HF/HS dams had higher fat content, both before mating and on GD18.5, with no difference in glucose homeostasis, whereas the insulin sensitivity was higher in DHT-exposed dams. Compared to the CD groups, the livers from HF/HS dams weighed more on GD18.5, the triglyceride content was higher, and there was a dysregulation of liver enzymes related to lipogenesis and higher mRNA expression of Fitm1. Fetuses from HF/HS-Veh dams had lower liver triglyceride content and mRNA expression of Srebf1c. Maternal DHT exposure, regardless of diet, decreased fetal liver Pparg mRNA expression and increased placental androgen receptor protein expression. Maternal diet-induced obesity, together with androgen excess, affects maternal and fetal liver function as demonstrated by increased triglyceride content and dysfunctional expression of enzymes and transcription factors involved in de novo lipogenesis and fat storage.
Placental function in maternal-fetal fat transport in diabetes.; High levels of triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA) in maternal plasma, in diabetes, promote fat passage to the fetus. In the streptozotocin-diabetic rat a significant correlation exists between maternal plasma and fetal tissue lipid contents, as shown by the accretion of labeled fatty acids or linoleate used as markers of maternal fat transfer. The passage of lipids through the placenta is not direct--this organ serves as an interim storage barrier with its lipid content increasing in proportion to the maternal TG and FFA level. Very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) TG are taken up with the aid of lipoprotein lipase as evident from TG = glycerol exchange when doubly labeled VLDL-TG are presented to the placenta. Esterification rate of albumin-bound FFA is considerably higher indicating that the rate of TG lipolysis is rate limiting and that the FFA are the main precursor of the placental lipids. The uptake of both FFA and VLDL-TG is associated with the retention of a substantial amount of FFA in the placenta. The size of the FFA pool corresponds to the size of the extracellular fluid space. The FFA cannot be eluted by repeated washing, suggesting that they are membrane bound. Placental slices with prelabeled TG gradually release FFA into the medium upon reincubation with FFA-free albumin, indicating that TG and FFA traverse the placenta in part by a sequential process of esterification and lipolysis and in part by diffusion as FFA. The latter are probably moving from the maternal to the fetal side within the interfacial capillary membrane lipids.
Farnesoid X receptor modulators (2011 - 2014): a patent review.; INTRODUCTION: Farnesoid-X-receptor (FXR) is the receptor for primary bile acids expressed in enterohepatic tissues where it regulates bile acid uptake, metabolism and disposal. For its role as a bile acid sensor, FXR has been thought to be an important target in the treatment of cholestatic disorders, a family of diseases in which endogenous bile acids accumulate in the body. Cholestasis might occur as a consequence of inborn metabolic errors and three major disorders, intra-hepatic cholestasis in pregnancy, primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) and primary sclerosing cholangitis account for the vast majority of clinical cholestasis occurring in adulthood. In addition, FXR agonists are gaining attention as potential regulators of lipid and glucose metabolism and therefore as new therapeutical approaches to the treatment of fatty liver disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity. AREAS COVERED: New chemical entities as FXR modulators and their in vitro and in vivo efficacy are reviewed with particular focus on patents and peer-reviewed publications in the period 2011 - 2014. EXPERT OPINION: FXR agonists have shown robust therapeutic potential and results from clinical trials have supported their use in the treatment of liver disorders including PBC and fatty liver disease despite side effects.
[Triplet pregnancy with HELLP syndrome and transient diabetes insipidus].; A 35 year old primigravida with a triplet pregnancy developed polyuria and epigastric pain in the 31st week of pregnancy. During that week, emergency cesarean section was performed due to evidence of liver disease and imminent fetal hypoxia. Three girls were delivered who were healthy apart from transient neonatal respiration distress syndrome. Following surgery, the mother developed HELLP syndrome with hemolysis, increased transaminases and thrombocytopenia. She also developed diabetes insipidus with daily urine outputs of up to 7000 ml and poor response to desmopressin. Both the HELLP syndrome and the diabetes insipidus resolved spontaneously within ten days. In pregnant patients with right upper quadrant pain, HELLP syndrome or acute fatty liver of pregnancy should be considered. The association of diabetes insipidus with acute fatty liver of pregnancy is an established, but rare phenomenon. As far as is known, this is the first report of a patient presenting with a combination of HELLP syndrome and diabetes insipidus. Patients with HELLP syndrome have a good prognosis, if the diagnosis is early and the pregnancy terminated at the right time. With close supervision further pregnancies are possible.
Long-term changes in the diurnal temporal regulation and set points of metabolic parameters associated with chronic maternal overnutrition in rabbits.; Metabolic syndrome (MS) and obesity have become a worldwide epidemic with an alarming prevalence in women of reproductive age. Maternal metabolic condition is considered a risk factor for adverse birth outcomes and long-term MS. In this study, we developed a rabbit model of maternal overnutrition via the chronic intake of a high-fat and carbohydrate diet (HFCD), and we determined the effects of this diet on maternal metabolism and offspring metabolic set points and temporal metabolic regulation in adult life. Before and during pregnancy, the female rabbits that consumed the HFCD exhibited significant changes in body weight, serum levels of analytes associated with carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, levels of liver and kidney damage markers, and liver histology. Our data suggest that rabbits are a valuable model for studying the development of MS associated with the chronic intake of unbalanced diets and fetal metabolic programming. Furthermore, the offspring of overnourished dams exhibited considerable changes in 24-h serum metabolite profiles in adulthood, with notable sexual dimorphism. These data suggest that maternal nutritional conditions due to the chronic intake of an HFCD adversely impact key elements related to the development of circadian rhythmicity in offspring.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Maternal overnutrition previous and during pregnancy leads to long-term changes in the 24-h regulation and setpoint of metabolic profiles of the offspring.
Lowering plasma free fatty acid levels improves insulin action in conscious pregnant rabbits.; Acute elevation in plasma free fatty acid (FFA) levels in nonpregnant rabbits simulates some aspects of insulin resistance observed in late pregnancy. The aim of this study was therefore to evaluate whether lowered FFA induced by nicotinic acid (NA) infusion can improve insulin action in pregnant rabbits. To assess insulin sensitivity we applied euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp without (control study) or with concomitant NA infusion (NA study; infusion started 150 min before the glucose clamp) in conscious virgin and pregnant rabbits after an 18-h fast. A primed constant infusion of [3-3H]glucose was used to measure total glucose disposal and hepatic glucose production. Hyperinsulinemia, in association with NA infusion (NA study) brings about a significantly greater stimulation of total glucose disposal in both pregnant (approximately 30%) and nonpregnant (approximately 35%) rabbits compared with the control study. A more pronounced inhibition of hepatic glucose production occurred in NA study in pregnant rabbits (approximately 30 vs. approximately 10%) but it did not reach a statistical significance, whereas there was a total inhibition in nonpregnant rabbits. We conclude that acute decrease in plasma FFA levels mainly improves insulin action at the site of glucose utilization. These results therefore suggest that elevated FFA would contribute to the peripheral insulin resistance in late pregnancy.
Long-term renal allograft recipients from South-east Asia in the pre-cyclosporin era.; The clinical outcome of long-term renal allograft recipients in the Chinese population has not been reported previously. We analysed patients from the pre-cyclosporin era who had grafts that functioned for > 10 years. Forty-five patients (31 men, 14 women; mean age 30, follow-up duration 13.3 years), representing a 10-year graft survival of 53%, were included. Thirty-six patients (80%) received living-related allografts and 9 (20%) received cadaveric or living-unrelated renal transplantation. The mean serum creatinine at last follow-up was 1.36 mg/dl (range, 0.83-4.08). Major posttransplantation complications included: hypertension in 25 (56%), infection in 16 (36%), acute rejection in 15 (33%), lipid disorder in 13 (29%), liver disease in 7 (16%), osteonecrosis in 5 (11%), malignancy in 4 (9%), coronary artery disease in 3 (7%), and diabetes mellitus in 3 (7%). Five grafts were lost: 3 to chronic rejection, and 2 to patients with stable function who died of non-renal causes. Proteinuria correlated strongly with graft function and survival, and marginally with hypertension. In hepatitis B carriers, serum alpha-feto protein is useful in the early detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. We conclude that while patients in the pre-cyclosporin era can survive with excellent graft function beyond the first decade, the risk of complications leading to significant morbidity still remains even when patients are receiving minimal doses of immunosuppression in the second decade.
Exposure to maternal obesity during suckling outweighs in utero exposure in programming for post-weaning adiposity and insulin resistance in rats.; Exposure to maternal obesity during early development programmes adverse metabolic health in rodent offspring. We assessed the relative contributions of obesity during pregnancy and suckling on metabolic health post-weaning. Wistar rat offspring exposed to control (C) or cafeteria diet (O) during pregnancy were cross-fostered to dams on the same (CC, OO) or alternate diet during suckling (CO, OC) and weaned onto standard chow. Measures of offspring metabolic health included growth, adipose tissue mass, and 12-week glucose and insulin concentrations during an intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (ipGTT). Exposure to maternal obesity during lactation was a driver for reduced offspring weight post-weaning, higher fasting blood glucose concentrations and greater gonadal adiposity (in females). Males displayed insulin resistance, through slower glucose clearance despite normal circulating insulin and lower mRNA expression of PIK3R1 and PIK3CB in gonadal fat and liver respectively. In contrast, maternal obesity during pregnancy up-regulated the insulin signalling genes IRS2, PIK3CB and SREBP1-c in skeletal muscle and perirenal fat, favouring insulin sensitivity. In conclusion exposure to maternal obesity during lactation programmes offspring adiposity and insulin resistance, overriding exposure to an optimal nutritional environment in utero, which cannot be alleviated by a nutritionally balanced post-weaning diet.
Fetal and neonatal exposure to AZT and low-protein diet affects glucose homeostasis: a model with implications for AIDS prevention.; Zidovudine (AZT) lowers the perinatal transmission of HIV but can impair mitochondrial function by depleting mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). AZT therapy and perinatal nutritional deprivation affect the body fat distribution, which influences glucose tolerance. We sought to model intrauterine exposure to AZT in humans to determine whether it interacts with low-protein diet (LPD) to impact on birth weight and glucose homeostasis in the offspring. Pregnant dams and their offspring were given AZT, an LPD, or AZT and an LPD (LPD + AZT). AZT reduced mtDNA copy number in liver and birth weight in the offspring and increased their fasting glucose and insulin (P = 0.021, 0.03, 0.001, and 0.011 respectively) at 6-8 wk of age. LPD decreased litter size and birth weight (P = 0.01 and 0.012). In the LPD + AZT group, birth weight and litter size were reduced compared with untreated controls, and fasting blood glucose and insulin were raised. There was a significant interaction between LPD and AZT on fasting insulin levels (P = 0.025). Islet size was not significantly affected, but the mean beta-cell area/islet was reduced in the LPD + AZT group compared with controls (P < 0.05). Early exposure to AZT interacts with LPD to impair fetal development in this model. This combination appeared to impair the supply of insulin and, hence, glucose homeostasis, perhaps as a result of impaired mitochondrial function. Although it is not certain that this can be extrapolated to humans, maternal nutritional deprivation combined with AIDS therapy could influence both birth weight and onset of diabetes.
Maternal High-Fructose Intake Activates Myogenic Program in Fetal Brown Fat and Predisposes Offspring to Diet-Induced Metabolic Dysfunctions in Adulthood.; Excess dietary fructose intake is a major public health concern due to its deleterious effect to cause various metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, little is known about the effects of high-fructose consumption during pregnancy on offspring metabolic health in adulthood. Here, we show that maternal consumption of 20% (w/v) fructose water during pregnancy does not alter the metabolic balance of offspring with a chow diet, but predisposes them to obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance when challenged by a high-fat diet. Mechanistically, diet-induced brown fat reprogramming and global energy expenditure in offspring of fructose-fed dams are impaired. RNA-seq analysis of the fetal brown fat tissue reveals that the myogenic pathway is predominantly upregulated in the fructose-treated group. Meanwhile, circulating fructose level is found to be significantly elevated in both fructose-fed dams and their fetuses. Importantly fructose gavage also acutely activates the myogenic program in mice brown fat. Together, our data suggest that maternal high-fructose intake impairs fetal brown fat development, resultantly attenuates diet-induced thermogenesis and causes metabolic disorders in adult offspring probably through inducing myogenic signature in brown fat at the fetal stage.
Body Fat-Reducing Effects of Whey Protein Diet in Male Mice.; This study investigated the mechanism of reducing body fat via whey protein diet. Pregnant mice were fed whey or casein, and their offspring were fed by birth mothers. After weaning at 4 weeks, male pups received the diets administered to their birth mothers (n = 6 per group). At 12 weeks of age, body weight, fat mass, fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin (IRI), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), cholesterol (Cho), triglyceride (TG), the expression levels of lipid metabolism-related genes in liver tissues and metabolomic data of fat tissues were measured and compared between the groups. The birth weights of pups born were similar in the two groups. Compared to the pups in the casein group, at 12 weeks of age, pups in the whey group weighed less, had significantly lower fat mass, HOMA-IR and TG levels (p < 0.01, p = 0.02, p = 0.01, respectively), and significantly higher levels of the antioxidant glutathione and the anti-inflammatory 1-methylnicotinamide in fat tissues (p < 0.01, p = 0.04, respectively). No differences were observed in FBG, IRI, Cho levels (p = 0.75, p = 0.07, p = 0.63, respectively) and expression levels of lipid metabolism-related genes. Whey protein has more antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties than casein protein, which may be its mechanism for reducing body fat.
Role of disulfides in the subunit structure of the insulin receptor. Reduction of class I disulfides does not impair transmembrane signalling.; The native insulin receptor affinity-labeled by covalent cross-linking to 125I-insulin has been proposed to consist of two alpha receptor subunits and two beta-receptor subunits all disulfide-linked as a Mr = 350,000 (beta-S-S-alpha)-S-S-(alpha-S-S-beta) receptor complex (Massague, J., Pilch, P. F., and Czech, M. P. (1981) J. Biol. Chem. 256, 3181-3190). We denote the disulfide bonds linking the two symmetrical (alpha-S-S-beta) receptor halves as class I insulin receptor disulfides, whereas the disulfide bonds linking one alpha receptor subunit to one beta receptor subunit are termed class II disulfides. In the present studies, dithiothreitol added directly to intact rat fat cells or to membranes prepared from rat fat cell, rat liver, or human placenta, reduced the class I disulfides, but not the class II disulfides, of the insulin receptor. Reduction of class I insulin receptor disulfides did not prevent binding of insulin to the insulin receptor. After treatment with dithiothreitol, the number of apparent "high affinity" insulin binding sites was increased in rat fat cells or fat cell membranes but was decreased in rat liver and human placenta membranes. Reduction of class I insulin receptor disulfides did not alter the sensitivity to insulin of glucose oxidation in intact rat fat cells. The resistance of class II disulfides to reduction by dithiothreitol was not affected by solubilization of the membrane structure by Triton X-100. Class II insulin receptor disulfides were fully reduced by dithiothreitol only after denaturation of the insulin receptor by sodium dodecyl sulfate. Class I insulin receptor disulfides were partially reoxidized by an incubation mixture consisting of reduced and oxidized glutathione. When solubilized insulin receptor containing reduced class I disulfides was exposed to ethylene glycol bis(succinimidyl succinate), the receptor subunits were internally cross-linked and migrated like intact receptor complexes on nonreduced dodecyl sulfate gels. We conclude that the (alpha-S-S-beta) receptor halves in the partially reduced receptor remain associated by noncovalent interactions and that this receptor structure without class I disulfides remains biologically competent.
The adverse effect of 4-tert-octylphenol on fat metabolism in pregnant rats via regulation of lipogenic proteins.; Alkylphenols such as 4-tert-octylphenol (OP), nonylphenol, and bisphenol A are classified as endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs). Digestion and metabolism of food are controlled by many endocrine factors, including insulin, glucagon, and estrogen. These factors are differentially regulated during pregnancy. The alteration of nutritional intake and fat metabolism may affect the maintenance of pregnancy and supplementation of nutrients to the fetus, and therefore can cause severe metabolic diseases such as ketosis, marasmus and diabetes mellitus in pregnant individuals. In this study, we examined the effects of OP on fat metabolism in pregnant rats. Ethinyl estradiol (EE) was also administered as an estrogenic positive control. In our results, rats treated with OP showed significantly reduced body weights compared to the control group. In addition, histological analysis showed that the amount of fat deposited in adipocytes was reduced by OP treatment. To study the mechanism of action of OP in fat metabolism, we examined the expression levels of fat metabolism-associated genes in rat adipose tissue and liver by real-time PCR. OP and EE negatively regulated the expression of lipogenic enzymes, including FAS (fatty acid synthase), ACC-1 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase-1), and SCD-1 (stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1). The levels of lipogenic enzyme-associated transcription factors such as C/EBP-α (CAAT enhancer binding protein alpha) and SREBP-1c (sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c) were also reduced in both liver and adipose tissue. In summary, these findings suggest that OP has adverse effects on fat metabolism in pregnant rats and inhibits fat deposition via regulating lipogenic genes in the liver and adipose tissue. The altered fat metabolism by OP may affect the nutrition balance during pregnancy and can cause metabolism-related diseases.
Physiological regulation of acetyl-CoA carboxylase gene expression: effects of diet, diabetes, and lactation on acetyl-CoA carboxylase mRNA.; We measured acetyl-CoA carboxylase mRNA levels in various tissues of the rat under different nutritional and hormonal states using a cDNA probe. We surveyed physiological conditions which are known to alter carboxylase activity, and thus fatty acid synthesis, to determine whether changes in the levels of carboxylase mRNA are involved. The present studies include the effects of fasting and refeeding, diabetes and insulin, and lactation on carboxylase mRNA levels. Northern blot analysis of liver RNA revealed that fasting followed by refeeding animals a fat-free (high carbohydrate) diet dramatically increased the amount of carboxylase mRNA compared to the fasted condition. These changes in the level of mRNA correspond to changes in the activity and amount of acetyl-CoA carboxylase. Acetyl-CoA carboxylase mRNA levels in epididymal fat tissue decreased upon fasting and increased to virtually normal levels after 72 h of refeeding, closely resembling the liver response. The amount of acetyl-CoA carboxylase mRNA decreased markedly in epididymal fat tissue of diabetic rats as compared to nondiabetic animals. However, 6 h after injection of insulin the mRNA level returned to that of the nondiabetic animals. Gestation and lactation also affected the levels of carboxylase mRNA in both liver and mammary gland. Maximum induction in both tissues occurred 5 days postpartum. These studies suggest that these diverse physiological conditions affect fatty acid synthesis in part by altering acetyl-CoA carboxylase gene expression.
Gestational low dietary protein induces intrauterine inflammation and alters the programming of adiposity and insulin sensitivity in the adult offspring.; Malnutrition associated with low dietary protein can induce gestational inflammation and sets a long-lasting metabolic impact on the offspring even after replenishment. The work investigated whether a low-protein diet (LPD) during pregnancy and lactation induces intrauterine inflammation and predisposes offspring to adiposity and insulin resistance in their adult life. Female Golden Syrian hamsters were fed LPD (10.0% energy from protein) or a control diet (CD, 20.0 % energy from protein) from preconception until lactation. All pups were switched to CD after lactation and continued until the end. Maternal LPD increased intrauterine inflammation by enhancing neutrophil infiltration, amniotic hsCRP, oxidative stress, and mRNA expression of NFκβ, IL8, COX2, and TGFβ in the chorioamniotic membrane (P<.05). The prepregnancy body weight, placental, and fetal weights, serum AST and ALT were decreased, while blood platelets, lymphocytes, insulin, and HDL were significantly increased in LPD-fed dams (P<.05). A postnatal switch to an adequate protein could not prevent hyperlipidemia in the 6-months LPD/CD offspring. The lipid profile and liver functions were restored over 10 months of protein feeding but failed to normalize fasting glucose and body fat accumulation compared to CD/CD. LPD/CD showed elevated GLUT4 expression & activated pIRS1 in the skeletal muscle and increased expression of IL6, IL1β, and p65-NFκB proteins in the liver (P<.05). In conclusion, present data suggest that maternal protein restriction may induce intrauterine inflammation and affect liver inflammation in the adult offspring by an influx of fats from adipose that may alter lipid metabolism and reduce insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle.
Differential ontogenetic exposure to obesogenic environment induces hyperproliferative status and nuclear receptors imbalance in the rat prostate at adulthood.; BACKGROUND: Experimental data indicate that high-fat diet (HFD) may alter proliferative activity and prostate health. However, the consequences of HFD exposure during different periods of ontogenetic development on prostate histophysiology remain to be elucidated. Herein, we compare the influence of obesogenic environment (OE) due to maternal obesity and HFD at different periods of life on proliferative activity and nuclear receptors frequency in the rat ventral prostate and a possible relationship with metabolic and hormonal alterations. METHODS: Male Wistar rats (19 weeks old), treated with balanced chow (Control group-C; 3% high-fat, 3.5 Kcal/g), were compared with those exposed to HFD (20% high-fat, 4.9 kcal/g) during gestation (G-maternal obesity), gestation and lactation (GL), from post-weaning to adulthood (WA), from lactation to adulthood (LA) and from gestation to adulthood (GA). After the experimental period, the ventral prostate lobes were removed and analyzed with different methods. RESULTS: Metabolic data indicated that G and GL rats became insulin resistant and WA, LA, and GA became insulin resistant and obese. There was a strong inverse correlation between serum testosterone (∼133% lower) and leptin levels (∼467% higher) in WA, LA, and GA groups. Estrogen serum levels increased in GA, and insulin levels increased in all groups, especially in WA (64.8×). OE-groups exhibited prostatic hypertrophy, since prostate weight increased ∼40% in G, GL, LA, and GA and 31% in WA. As indicated by immunohistochemistry, all HFD-groups except G exhibited an increase in epithelial cell proliferation (PCNA-positive) and a decrease in frequency of AR- and ERβ-positive epithelial cells; there was also an increment of ERα-positive stromal cells in comparison with control. Cells containing PPARγ increased in both epithelium and stroma of all OE groups and those expressing LXRα decreased, particularly in groups OE-exposed during gestation (G, GL and GA). CONCLUSIONS: OE leads to prostate hypertrophy regardless of the period of development and, except when restricted to gestation, leads to a hyperproliferative status which was correlated to downregulation of AR and LXRα and upregulation of ERα and PPARγ signaling.
Influence of exogenous growth hormone and gestational diet on sow blood and milk characteristics and on baby pig blood, body composition and performance.; Sows (14) and gilts (6) were used in a 2 X 2 factorial experiment to evaluate the effect of diet and highly purified porcine growth hormone (pGH) on sow metabolic status and baby pig survival parameters. Injections were 10 mg/d pGH (GH) or sham control (SH). Diets consisted of a glucose-fat energy source (GF) or control (C). Treatments were administered the last 21 d before parturition (P). Serum GH concentrations were significantly elevated on d -19 P and d -4 P in sows receiving GH injections. Significantly elevated serum glucose and insulin concentrations were concomitantly observed in GH-treated sows, suggesting that the animals had developed a state of insulin resistance. Serum free fatty acids (FFA) were greater (P less than .01) on d -19 P for sows fed the GF diet. Fasted pigs from GH-C dams had greater (P less than .06) mean serum glucose concentrations than pigs from SH-C, SH-GF or GH-GF dams. Pigs from GH-injected sows had more (P less than .01) total body lipids at birth and tended to have increased mean FFA concentrations when compared to SH pigs. However, birth weight, number born live, number born dead, number that died and survival to 21 d were not affected by dam's injection or dietary treatment. Growth hormone injections resulted in a diabetogenic state in gestating sows and led to improved traits related to baby pig blood glucose homeostasis, including increased blood glucose, increased body lipids and a tendency toward increased liver glycogen concentrations. Injection X diet interactions indicate that dietary energy source should be regarded in future growth hormone experiments.
Antioxidant Effects of N-Acetylcysteine Prevent Programmed Metabolic Disease in Mice.; An adverse maternal in utero and lactation environment can program offspring for increased risk for metabolic disease. The aim of this study was to determine whether N-acetylcysteine (NAC), an anti-inflammatory antioxidant, attenuates programmed susceptibility to obesity and insulin resistance in offspring of mothers on a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy. CD1 female mice were acutely fed a standard breeding chow or HFD. NAC was added to the drinking water (1 g/kg) of the treatment cohorts from embryonic day 0.5 until the end of lactation. NAC treatment normalized HFD-induced maternal weight gain and oxidative stress, improved the maternal lipidome, and prevented maternal leptin resistance. These favorable changes in the in utero environment normalized postnatal growth, decreased white adipose tissue (WAT) and hepatic fat, improved glucose and insulin tolerance and antioxidant capacity, reduced leptin and insulin, and increased adiponectin in HFD offspring. The lifelong metabolic improvements in the offspring were accompanied by reductions in proinflammatory gene expression in liver and WAT and increased thermogenic gene expression in brown adipose tissue. These results, for the first time, provide a mechanistic rationale for how NAC can prevent the onset of metabolic disease in the offspring of mothers who consume a typical Western HFD.
High Fat Diet Regulation of β-Cell Proliferation and β-Cell Mass.; Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) is characterized by relative insulin insufficiency, caused when peripheral tissues such as liver, muscle, and adipocytes have a decreased response to insulin. One factor that elevates the risk for insulin resistance and T2D is obesity. In obese patients without T2D and initially in people who develop T2D, pancreatic β-cells are able to compensate for insulin resistance by increasing β-cell mass, effected by increased proliferation and hypertrophy, as well as increased insulin secretion per β-cell. In patients that go on to develop T2D, however, this initial period of compensation is followed by β-cell failure due to decreased proliferation and increased apoptosis. The forkhead box transcription factor FoxM1 is required for β-cell replication in mice after four weeks of age, during pregnancy, and after partial pancreatectomy. We investigated whether it is also required for β-cell proliferation due to diet-induced obesity.
Thermoneutral Housing Enables Studies of Vertical Transmission of Obesogenic Diet-Driven Metabolic Diseases.; Vertical transmission of obesity is a critical contributor to the unabated obesity pandemic and the associated surge in metabolic diseases. Existing experimental models insufficiently recapitulate "human-like" obesity phenotypes, limiting the discovery of how severe obesity in pregnancy instructs vertical transmission of obesity. Here, via utility of thermoneutral housing and obesogenic diet feeding coupled to syngeneic mating of WT obese female and lean male mice on a C57BL/6 background, we present a tractable, more "human-like" approach to specifically investigate how maternal obesity contributes to offspring health. Using this model, we found that maternal obesity decreased neonatal survival, increased offspring adiposity, and accelerated offspring predisposition to obesity and metabolic disease. We also show that severe maternal obesity was sufficient to skew offspring microbiome and create a proinflammatory gestational environment that correlated with inflammatory changes in the offspring in utero and adulthood. Analysis of a human birth cohort study of mothers with and without obesity and their infants was consistent with mouse study findings of maternal inflammation and offspring weight gain propensity. Together, our results show that dietary induction of obesity in female mice coupled to thermoneutral housing can be used for future mechanistic interrogations of obesity and metabolic disease in pregnancy and vertical transmission of pathogenic traits.
Sex differences in metabolic regulation and diabetes susceptibility.; Gender and biological sex impact the pathogenesis of numerous diseases, including metabolic disorders such as diabetes. In most parts of the world, diabetes is more prevalent in men than in women, especially in middle-aged populations. In line with this, considering almost all animal models, males are more likely to develop obesity, insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia than females in response to nutritional challenges. As summarised in this review, it is now obvious that many aspects of energy balance and glucose metabolism are regulated differently in males and females and influence their predisposition to type 2 diabetes. During their reproductive life, women exhibit specificities in energy partitioning as compared with men, with carbohydrate and lipid utilisation as fuel sources that favour energy storage in subcutaneous adipose tissues and preserve them from visceral and ectopic fat accumulation. Insulin sensitivity is higher in women, who are also characterised by higher capacities for insulin secretion and incretin responses than men; although, these sex advantages all disappear when glucose tolerance deteriorates towards diabetes. Clinical and experimental observations evidence the protective actions of endogenous oestrogens, mainly through oestrogen receptor α activation in various tissues, including the brain, the liver, skeletal muscle, adipose tissue and pancreatic beta cells. However, beside sex steroids, underlying mechanisms need to be further investigated, especially the role of sex chromosomes, fetal/neonatal programming and epigenetic modifications. On the path to precision medicine, further deciphering sex-specific traits in energy balance and glucose homeostasis is indeed a priority topic to optimise individual approaches in type 2 diabetes prevention and treatment.
Glucose transporter protein responses to selective hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia in fetal sheep.; The acute effect of selective hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia on late gestation fetal ovine glucose transporter protein (GLUT-1, GLUT-3, and GLUT-4) concentrations was examined in insulin-insensitive (brain and liver) and insulin-sensitive (myocardium and fat) tissues at 1, 2.5, and 24 h. Hyperglycemia with euinsulinemia caused a two- to threefold increase in brain GLUT-3, liver GLUT-1, and myocardial GLUT-1 concentrations only at 1 h. There was no change in GLUT-4 protein amounts at any time during the selective hyperglycemia. In contrast, selective hyperinsulinemia with euglycemia led to an immediate and persistent twofold increase in liver GLUT-1, which lasted from 1 until 24 h with a concomitant decline in myocardial tissue GLUT-4 amounts, reaching statistical significance at 24 h. No other significant change in response to hyperinsulinemia was noted in any of the other isoforms in any of the other tissues. Simultaneous assessment of total fetal glucose utilization rate (GURf) during selective hyperglycemia demonstrated a transient 40% increase at 1 and 2.5 h, corresponding temporally with a transient increase in brain GLUT-3 and liver and myocardial GLUT-1 protein amounts. In contrast, selective hyperinsulinemia led to a sustained increase in GURf, corresponding temporally with the persistent increase in hepatic GLUT-1 concentrations. We conclude that excess substrate acutely increases GURf associated with an increase in various tissues of the transporter isoforms GLUT-1 and GLUT-3 that mediate fetal basal glucose transport without an effect on the GLUT-4 isoform that mediates insulin action. This contrasts with the tissue-specific effects of selective hyperinsulinemia with a sustained increase in GURf associated with a sustained increase in hepatic basal glucose transporter (GLUT-1) amounts and a myocardial-specific emergence of mild insulin resistance associated with a downregulation of GLUT-4.
Early undernutrition induces glucagon resistance and insulin hypersensitivity in the liver of suckling rats.; Developing brains are vulnerable to nutritional insults. Early undernutrition alters their structure and neurochemistry, inducing long-term pathological effects whose causal pathways are not well defined. During suckling, the brain uses glucose and ketone bodies as substrates. Milk is a high-fat low-carbohydrate diet, and the liver must maintain high rates of gluconeogenesis and ketogenesis to address the needs of these substrates. Insulin and glucagon play major roles in this adaptation: throughout suckling, their blood concentrations are low and high, respectively, and the liver maintains low insulin sensitivity and increased glucagon responsiveness. We propose that disturbances in the endocrine profile and available plasma substrates along with undernutrition-related changes in brain cortex capacity for ketone utilization may cause further alterations in some brain functions. We explored this hypothesis in 10-day-old suckling rats whose mothers were severely food restricted from the 14th day of gestation. We measured the plasma/serum concentrations of glucose, ketone body, insulin and glucagon, and hepatic insulin and glucagon responses. Undernutrition led to hypoglycemia and hyperketonemia to 84% (P < 0.001) and 144% (P < 0.001) of control values, respectively. Liver responsiveness to insulin and glucagon became increased and reduced, respectively; intraperitoneal glucagon reduced liver glycogen by 90% (P < 0.01) in control and by 35% (P < 0.05) in restricted. Cortical enzymes of ketone utilization remained unchanged, but their carrier proteins were altered: monocarboxylate transporter (MCT) 1 increased: 73 ± 14, controls; 169 ± 20, undernourished (P < 0.01; densitometric units); MCT2 decreased: 103 ± 3, controls; 37 ± 4, undernourished (P < 0.001; densitometric units). All of these changes, coinciding with the brain growth spurt, may cause some harmful effects associated with early undernutrition.
The therapeutic potential of miRNAs regulated in settings of physiological cardiac hypertrophy.; Cardiac hypertrophy is broadly defined as an increase in heart mass. Heart enlargement in a setting of cardiac disease is referred to as pathological hypertrophy and often progresses to heart failure. Physiological hypertrophy refers to heart growth in response to postnatal development, exercise training and pregnancy, and is an adaptive response associated with the activation of cardioprotective signaling cascades. miRNAs have emerged as novel therapeutic targets for numerous pathologies, and miRNA-based therapies have already entered clinical trials. The identification of miRNAs differentially regulated during physiological growth may open up new therapeutic approaches for heart failure. In this review, we present information on miRNAs regulated in models of physiological hypertrophy, describe preclinical cardiac disease studies that have successfully targeted miRNAs regulated in settings of physiological growth (miR-34, miR-15, miR-199b, miR-208a and miR-378), and discuss challenges to overcome for the safe entry of miRNA-based therapies into the clinic for heart failure patients.
Vaccines for persons at high risk due to medical conditions, occupation, environment, or lifestyle, 2003.; The safety and efficacy of current vaccines are reviewed for high-risk populations, such as those with underlying medical conditions or occupational or lifestyle circumstances. The morbidity and mortality from vaccine-preventable diseases are high among persons with underlying medical conditions; thus, influenza and pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines are recommended for those with cardiac disease, diabetes mellitus, or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. For the same reasons, influenza vaccine is recommended for pregnant women and for persons with asthma. Health-care workers are at risk for acquiring and transmitting hepatitis B, measles, and influenza; hence, vaccination against these diseases is recommended.
Inulin Supplementation Lowered the Metabolic Defects of Prolonged Exposure to Chlorpyrifos from Gestation to Young Adult Stage in Offspring Rats.; Increasing evidence indicates that chlorpyrifos (CPF), an organophosphorus insecticide, is involved in metabolic disorders. We assess the hypothesis whether supplementation with prebiotics from gestation to adulthood, through a modulation of microbiota composition and fermentative activity, alleviates CPF induced metabolic disorders of 60 days old offspring. 5 groups of Wistar rats, from gestation until weaning, received two doses of CPF pesticide: 1 mg/kg/day (CPF1) or 3.5 mg/kg/day (CPF3.5) with free access to inulin (10g/L in drinking water). Then male pups received the same treatment as dams. Metabolic profile, leptin sensitivity, insulin receptor (IR) expression in liver, gut microbiota composition and short chain fatty acid composition (SCFAs) in the colon, were analyzed at postnatal day 60 in the offspring (PND 60). CPF3.5 increased offspring's birth body weight (BW) but decreased BW at PND60. Inulin supplementation restored the BW at PND 60 to control levels. Hyperinsulinemia and decrease in insulin receptor β in liver were seen in CPF1 exposed rats. In contrast, hyperglycemia and decrease in insulin level were found in CPF3.5 rats. Inulin restored the levels of some metabolic parameters in CPF groups to ranges comparable with the controls. The total bacterial population, short chain fatty acid (SCFA) production and butyrate levels were enhanced in CPF groups receiving inulin. Our data indicate that developmental exposure to CPF interferes with metabolism with dose related effects evident at adulthood. By modulating microbiota population and fermentative activity, inulin corrected adult metabolic disorders of rats exposed to CPF during development. Prebiotics supply may be thus considered as a novel nutritional strategy to counteract insulin resistance and diabetes induced by a continuous pesticide exposure.
Risk factors for the development and rupture of intracranial berry aneurysms.; Risk factors for the development and rupture of intracranial saccular (berry) aneurysms were identified in a case-control study of autopsy subjects. The development of berry aneurysms was positively correlated with increased frequencies of systemic arterial hypertension (p less than 0.001), cerebral artery atherosclerosis (p less than 0.05), and marked asymmetry of the cerebral vessels comprising the circle of Willis (p less than 0.005). In addition, patients with berry aneurysms more frequently had histories of persistent headache (p less than 0.001), pregnancy-induced hypertension (p less than 0.01), long-term use of analgesics (p less than 0.001), especially aspirin (p less than 0.05), and a family history of stroke (p less than 0.05). Factors associated with a decreased risk of berry aneurysms included treatment with insulin to control diabetes mellitus (p less than 0.005), leanness (p less than 0.05), chronic pancreatitis (p less than 0.001), malignant tumors (p less than 0.001), and moderate or severe coronary or renal atherosclerosis (p less than 0.05). Rupture of berry aneurysms was positively correlated with size (p less than 0.05) and the presence of multiple aneurysms (p less than 0.005), but also with long-term analgesic usage (p less than 0.05), excessive ethanol consumption (p less than 0.01), and fatty metamorphosis of the liver (p less than 0.01). The factors that predispose to rupture of berry aneurysms are interrelated in the sense that several of them are known to cause a decrease in the synthesis of prostaglandin E, whereas one of the factors that appears to be protective has the opposite effect. Marked and abrupt lowering of serum prostaglandin levels would cause dilatation of cerebral vasculature and increased cerebral blood flow; in the setting of hypertension, focal defects in cerebral arteries could develop, leading to the formation and subsequent rupture of berry aneurysms.
Placental growth factor (PlGF) is linked to inflammation and metabolic disorders in mice with diet-induced obesity.; Placental growth factor (PlGF), a member of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) sub-family, plays a major role in angiogenesis and vasculogenesis. Previous study demonstrated that PlGF-overexpressing transgenic (Tg) mice had gestational loss. In addition, PlGF secretion was up-regulated in isolated T lymphocytes (T-cell) upon CD3/CD28 stimulation, suggesting that PlGF could be a regulator of T-cell differentiation and development. T-cells are well known to play a critical role in obesity-induced inflammation. Therefore, to verify the possible link of diet-induced obesity (DIO) with inflammation and related metabolic disorders, such as insulin resistance, we fed high-fat diet (HFD) to Tg mice for 16 weeks. Adiposity and glucose intolerance significantly increase in Tg mice fed a HFD (Tg HFD) compared to wild-type (WT) mice fed HFD (WT HFD). In addition, macrophage infiltrations were significantly higher in the epididymal white adipose tissue (EWAT), liver, and pancreatic islets of Tg HFD mice compared to WT HFD mice. In the in vitro study, we showed that isolated CD4(+) T-cells from Tg mice further differentiate into type 1 (Th1) and type 17 (Th17) helper T-cells via CD3/CD28 stimulation. Furthermore, we observed that the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6, IL-17, and TNFα, are remarkably increased in Tg mice compared to WT mice. These findings demonstrate that PlGF overexpression in T-cells might lead to inflammatory T-cell differentiation and accumulation in adipose tissue (AT) or metabolism-related tissues, contributing to the development of systemic metabolic disorders. Thus, PlGF may provide an effective therapeutic target in the management of obesity-induced inflammation and related metabolic disorders.
Inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase-4 by l-glutamine protects pregnant rats against fructose-induced obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation.; OBJECTIVE: Accumulation of lipids in non-adipose tissues particularly the liver is a feature of tissue insulin resistance. Hepatic glycogen depletion reflects counter glucoregulation in an insulin-resistant state and/or obesity. The effect of l-glutamine on fructose-induced increased hepatic lipid accumulation and depleted glycogen content, particularly in pregnancy, is not known. We therefore aimed at investigating the effect of glutamine on fructose-induced weight gain, hepatic lipids and glycogen contents in pregnant rats and also tested the hypothesis that hepatoprotective role of l-glutamine is through suppression of PDK-4. METHODS: Eleven-week-old pregnant Wistar rats were allotted into the Control, Glutamine, Fructose and Fructose plus Glutamine groups (6 rats/group). The groups received distilled water (vehicle, p.o.), 1 g/kg bwl-glutamine (p.o.), 10% Fructose (w/v) and 10% Fructose (w/v) plus 1 g/kg bwl-glutamine (p.o.) respectively, daily for 19 days. Biochemical analysis and histology of the liver were performed. RESULTS: Data showed that fructose intake caused insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, increased body weight gain, visceral fat mass, hepatic mass, lactate production, uric acid production, lipid peroxidation and decreased pancreatic β-cell function and hepatic glycogen synthesis. These alterations were accompanied by elevated pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase-4 (PDK-4). However, the fructose-induced dysmetabolism were improved by l-glutamine. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate that obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation induced by fructose in pregnant rats is accompanied by increased PDK-4. The findings also suggest that l-glutamine would protect against obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation by suppression of PDK-4.
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder predisposes to metabolic abnormalities in adulthood.; Prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE) affects at least 10% of newborns globally and leads to the development of fetal alcohol spectrum disorders (FASDs). Despite its high incidence, there is no consensus on the implications of PAE on metabolic disease risk in adults. Here, we describe a cohort of adults with FASDs that had an increased incidence of metabolic abnormalities, including type 2 diabetes, low HDL, high triglycerides, and female-specific overweight and obesity. Using a zebrafish model for PAE, we performed population studies to elucidate the metabolic disease seen in the clinical cohort. Embryonic alcohol exposure (EAE) in male zebrafish increased the propensity for diet-induced obesity and fasting hyperglycemia in adulthood. We identified several consequences of EAE that may contribute to these phenotypes, including a reduction in adult locomotor activity, alterations in visceral adipose tissue and hepatic development, and persistent diet-responsive transcriptional changes. Taken together, our findings define metabolic vulnerabilities due to EAE and provide evidence that behavioral changes and primary organ dysfunction contribute to resultant metabolic abnormalities.
The impact of controlled nutrition during the dry period on dairy cow health, fertility and performance.; Average dairy herd fertility is declining, with more serves per successful conception, extended calving intervals and increased culling due to failure to rebreed, all adding significant costs to milk production. Genetics, management and nutrition have all contributed to this decline in fertility; the paper focuses primarily on nutritional issues. The extent of body condition loss after calving and its possible impact on fertility is considered, with evidence that this phenomenon is common in many herds irrespective of average milk yields. Body tissue mobilisation after calving increases the flux of non-esterified fatty acids to the liver and pathways of fatty acid metabolism are considered. Particular attention is given to the effects of high plasma non-esterified fatty acid levels on fat accumulation in liver cells and possible impacts on nitrogen and glucose metabolism. Current nutritional practices with early lactation cows which aim to stimulate milk yield and peak milk production but have been shown to exacerbate body condition loss, are reviewed. The paper also considers cow health issues during the peri-parturient period and how these may affect milk yield and fertility. It is concluded that current feeding practices for dry cows, with the provision of increasing amounts of the lactation ration during the Close-up period to accustom the rumen microbes and offset the expected reduction in feed intake as pregnancy reaches term, have largely failed to overcome peri-parturient health problems, excessive body condition loss after calving or declining fertility. From an examination of the energy and protein requirements of dry cows, it is suggested that current Close-up feeding practices can lead to luxury intakes of nutrients that can increase fat deposition in the viscera and the liver. Under such conditions, metabolism of nutrients by the cow may be compromised. In contrast, limited feeding throughout the whole dry period has been shown to prevent many of the problems which can affect peri-parturient cows. A new feeding strategy based on a low energy: high fibre ration (9 MJ metabolisable energy and 130 g crude protein/kg ration dry matter) containing high levels of chopped straw and offered ad libitum as a total mixed ration throughout the whole dry period is proposed. The performance of 32 dairy farms in France where this strategy has been adopted for at least 3 years is provided, with positive outcomes now being obtained by UK and Irish dairy farmers. Independent US research evidence has confirmed some of these benefits whilst limited data on cow fertility is presented. It is hypothesised that luxury feeding during the dry period can cause cows to become insulin resistant leading to an increased risk of type II diabetes. Such cows are likely to have poorer fertility whilst possible mechanisms which increase the risk of peri-parturient health problems are discussed. Further research to understand the mechanisms of these effects is required and is currently ongoing. However the magnitude of the effects noted on an increasing number of dairy farms suggests this approach to feeding the dry cow is capable of bringing real benefits to many dairy herds in terms of fewer health problems, reduced body condition loss and improved fertility.
Maternal dietary free or bound fructose diversely influence developmental programming of lipogenesis.; BACKGROUND: Maternal dietary choices throughout preconception, pregnancy, and lactation irreversibly affect the development of fetal tissues and organs, known as fetal programming. Recommendations tend to emphasize reducing added sugars. However, the impact of maternal dietary free or bound fructose in added sugars on developmental programming of lipogenesis is unknown. METHODS: Virgin Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups. Rats were given feed and plain water (control) or water containing maltodextrin (vehicle), fructose, high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) containing 55% fructose, sucrose (20% w/v) for 12 weeks before mating and throughout the pregnancy and lactation periods. Body weight, water, and feed intake were measured throughout the study. At the end of the lactation period, blood was drawn to determine the fasting levels of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in blood. Triglycerides and acetyl Co-A Carboxylase-1 (ACC1) levels in livers were analyzed, and insulin resistance was calculated. RESULTS: The energy intake of dams in the HFCS group was higher than in the fructose group, while weight gain was less in the HFCS group than in the fructose group. HFCS resulted in greater insulin resistance in dams, whereas free fructose had a robust effect on the fetal programming of insulin resistance. Free fructose and HFCS in the maternal diet increased blood and liver triglycerides and NEFA content in pups. Furthermore, fructose and HFCS exposure increased phosphorylated ACC1 as compared to maltodextrin and control, indicating greater fatty acid synthesis in pups and dams. CONCLUSION: Different types of added sugar in the maternal diet have different metabolic effects on the developmental programming of lipogenesis. Consequently, high fructose intake via processed foods may increase the risk for chronic diseases, and free fructose might contribute to developmental programming of chronic diseases more than bound fructose.
The history and medical consequences of rubella.; In 1814, George Maton, first recognized that a mild illness characterized by rash, adenopathy, and little or no fever was a discrete entity. Henry Veale, in 1866, named the disease rubella. The illness attracted little attention until 1942, when Norman Gregg noticed that first-trimester maternal rubella caused serious birth defects. The full spectrum and impact of rubella embryopathy remained unclarified until rubella virus was isolated in tissue culture in 1962 by two independent groups: Parkman, Buescher, and Artenstein; and Neva and Weller. Using the new tools of the virus laboratory, many investigators concentrated on the consequences of a severe rubella epidemic in 1964, which affected approximately 1% of pregnancies. Newly recognized transient manifestations of congenital rubella infection (CRI) include neonatal thrombocytopenic purpura, hepatitis, bone lesions, and meningoencephalitis and late-emerging sequelae such as diabetes mellitus and progressive rubella panencephalitis added to the cataract, heart disease, mental retardation, and deafness previously defined as due to CRI. Sharp contrasts were documented between the patterns of virus excretion and immune response of postnatal vs. congenital rubella. Licensure and widespread distribution of attenuated rubella virus vaccines in 1969 have prevented epidemic rubella. Pockets of illness remain, even in the United States. Continued effort will be required to eliminate the rubella problem.
Clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.; BACKGROUND: Although of interest, few data exist on the clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with an extremely high triglyceride level (≥ 1000 mg/dL). OBJECTIVE: We assessed the clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with an extremely high triglyceride level. METHODS: We investigated the presence of coronary artery disease, history of pancreatitis, the presence of fatty liver, and the potential causes of elevated triglyceride in Japanese subjects with an extremely high level of fasting triglyceride (≥ 1000 mg/dL) among 70,368 subjects whose serum triglyceride was measured for any reason at Kanazawa University Hospital from April 2004 to March 2014. RESULTS: We identified 215 (0.31%) subjects (mean age, 46 years; male, 170, mean body mass index, 25 kg/m(2)) with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Among them, 4 (1.9%) subjects were classified as type I, 97 (45.1%) subjects were type IV, and 114 (53.0%) subjects were type V hyperlipidemia, according to Fredrickson's classification. Among 215 subjects, 116 subjects (54.0%) drank alcohol, 58 (27.0%) showed heavy intake (≥ 60 g/d), and 64 (29.8%) subjects had diabetes. In total, 59 (27.4%) subjects had transient severe hypertriglyceridemia caused by corticosteroids (N = 19), antidepressant (N = 18), l-asparaginase and steroids for acute lymphoid leukemia (N = 15), hormone replacement therapy for breast cancer (N = 9), β-blocker (N = 5), hypothyroidism (N = 4), pregnancy (N = 4), and panhypopituitarism (N = 2). As many as 119 (55.3%) subjects exhibited fatty liver. Moreover, 12 (5.6%) and 17 (7.9%) subjects had a history of pancreatitis and coronary artery disease, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A variety of situations can cause severe hypertriglyceridemia. We suggest that potential secondary causes should be carefully assessed for such patients.
Perinatal nicotine exposure increases obesity susceptibility by peripheral leptin resistance in adult female rat offspring.; Maternal nicotine (NIC) exposure causes overweight, hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders in adult offspring. Our study aims to explore the underlying mechanism of perinatal NIC exposure increases obesity susceptibility in adult female rat offspring. In our model, we found that adult NIC-exposed females presented higher body weight and subcutaneous and visceral fat mass, as well as larger adipocytes, while no change was found in food intake. Serum profile showed a higher serum glucose, insulin and leptin levels in NIC-exposed females. In adipose tissue and liver, the leptin signaling pathway was blocked at 26 weeks, presented lower Janus tyrosine kinase 2 and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 gene expression, higher suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 gene expression (in adipose tissue) and lower leptin receptors gene expression (in liver), indicating that peripheral leptin resistance occurred in NIC-exposed adult females. In female rats, the expression of lipolysis genes was affected dominantly in adipose tissue, but lipogenesis genes was affected in liver. Furthermore, the glucose and insulin tolerance tests showed a delayed glucose clearance and a higher area under the curve in NIC-exposed females. Therefore, perinatal NIC exposure programed female rats for adipocyte hypertrophy and obesity in adult life, through the leptin resistance in peripheral tissue.
Maternal High-Fat Feeding Affects the Liver and Thymus Metabolic Axis in the Offspring and Some Effects Are Attenuated by Maternal Diet Normalization in a Minipig Model.; Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) affects metabolic and immune development. We aimed to characterize the effects of maternal HFD, and the subsequent diet-normalization of the mothers during a second pregnancy, on the liver and thymus metabolism in their offspring, in minipigs. Offspring born to high-fat (HFD) and normal diet (ND) fed mothers were studied at week 1 and months 1, 6, 12 of life. Liver and thymus glucose uptake (GU) was measured with positron emission tomography during hyperinsulinemic-isoglycemia. Histological analyses were performed to quantify liver steatosis, inflammation, and hepatic hematopoietic niches (HHN), and thymocyte size and density in a subset. The protocol was repeated after maternal-diet-normalization in the HFD group. At one week, HFD(off) were characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, severe insulin resistance (IR), and high liver and thymus GU, associating with thymocyte size and density, with elevated weight-gain, liver IR, and steatosis in the first 6 months of life. Maternal diet normalization reversed thymus and liver hypermetabolism, and increased HHN at one week. It also normalized systemic insulin-sensitivity and liver fat content at all ages. Instead, weight-gain excess, hyperglycemia, and hepatic IR were still observed at 1 month, i.e., end-lactation. We conclude that intra-uterine HFD exposure leads to time-changing metabolic and immune-correlated abnormalities. Maternal diet-normalization reversed most of the effects in the offspring.
Invasive vulvar tumors in young women--a disease of the immunosuppressed?; Twenty-seven patients under the age of 40 years were treated for invasive vulvar cancer at the Women's Cancer Center, University of Minnesota. Seventeen patients had Stage I, five patients had Stage II, two patients had Stage III, and two patients had Stage IV disease. Twenty patients (80%) gave a history of smoking. Associated medical and immunosuppressive conditions present in these patients included vulval HPV (N = 3), diabetes mellitus (N = 3), pregnancy (N = 2), autoimmune connective tissue disease (N = 2), renal transplant (N = 2), previous chemotherapy for invasive malignancies at other sites (N = 1), chronic hepatitis (N = 1), schizophrenia (N = 1), and one patient on Imuran for herpes zoster and multiple sclerosis. Two of the nonsmokers were in this group of immunosuppressed patients. Three patients have died of intercurrent disease while another is currently alive with invasive disease. All others are alive without evidence of disease. The mean duration of follow-up is 45.2 months (range, 1-158 months). Invasive vulvar tumors are uncommon in young women. Smoking and a history of an immunosuppressive medical illness is common in this patient population.
Holoprosencephaly with Dandy-Walker cyst. Rare coexistence of two major malformations.; A case of holoprosencephaly associated with Dandy-Walker cyst is reported. The patient was a male baby whose mother had normal serum titers for toxoplasma, syphilis, rubella and hepatitis B. She had no history of diabetes mellitus, administration of drugs or irradiation during the pregnancy. At the 8th month of gestation, fetal hydrocephalus was diagnosed by ultrasonic imaging. He was delivered by caesarean section at 34 weeks and 4 days, weighing 2,644 g. His head circumference was 42 cm; the anterior fontanel was not distended and its tension was normal. The chromosomal karyotype was a normal 46 XY. X-ray CT showed a large dorsal sac cyst in the supratentorial space and a hypoplastic cerebellum with a large cyst in the posterior fossa. He received a cyst-peritoneal shunt 24 days after birth. After this procedure, his head enlargement was arrested. We discuss the etiology of this rare coexistence of two major malformations.
Optimal Timing of Delivery for Pregnant Individuals With Mild Chronic Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the optimal gestational age to deliver pregnant people with chronic hypertension to improve perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a planned secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial of chronic hypertension treatment to different blood pressure goals. Participants with term, singleton gestations were included. Those with fetal anomalies and those with a diagnosis of preeclampsia before 37 weeks of gestation were excluded. The primary maternal composite outcome included death, serious morbidity (heart failure, stroke, encephalopathy, myocardial infarction, pulmonary edema, intensive care unit admission, intubation, renal failure), preeclampsia with severe features, hemorrhage requiring blood transfusion, or abruption. The primary neonatal outcome included fetal or neonatal death, respiratory support beyond oxygen mask, Apgar score less than 3 at 5 minutes, neonatal seizures, or suspected sepsis. Secondary outcomes included intrapartum cesarean birth, length of stay, neonatal intensive care unit admission, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), transient tachypnea of the newborn, and hypoglycemia. Those with a planned delivery were compared with those expectantly managed at each gestational week. Adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs are reported. RESULTS: We included 1,417 participants with mild chronic hypertension; 305 (21.5%) with a new diagnosis in pregnancy and 1,112 (78.5%) with known preexisting hypertension. Groups differed by body mass index (BMI) and preexisting diabetes. In adjusted models, there was no association between planned delivery and the primary maternal or neonatal composite outcome in any gestational age week compared with expectant management. Planned delivery at 37 weeks of gestation was associated with RDS (7.9% vs 3.0%, aOR 2.70, 95% CI, 1.40-5.22), and planned delivery at 37 and 38 weeks was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia (19.4% vs 10.7%, aOR 1.97, 95% CI, 1.27-3.08 in week 37; 14.4% vs 7.7%, aOR 1.82, 95% CI, 1.06-3.10 in week 38). CONCLUSION: Planned delivery in the early-term period compared with expectant management was not associated with a reduction in adverse maternal outcomes. However, it was associated with increased odds of some neonatal complications. Delivery timing for individuals with mild chronic hypertension should weigh maternal and neonatal outcomes in each gestational week but may be optimized by delivery at 39 weeks.
Complications in kidney transplant recipients: a single center experience.; A total of 147 kidney transplant recipients are on regular follow-up in our center including 12 who were transplanted in our hospital since the start of the transplantation program in June 1994. Fifty eight patients received cadaveric kidneys (mainly in the United States), 13 received living-related transplants (of which seven were performed in our hospital), and 76, received living non-related transplants abroad. The follow-up period ranged from 0-228 months. Fifty eight (39.5%) patients continue to be followed with functioning kidneys, 26 (17.7%) patients lost their grafts, 19 (12.9%) patients died, and 44 (29.9%) were lost to follow-up. Six patients converted to HIV-positive after transplantation, of which five had received living non-related transplantation. Four of these patients died. Other significant infectious complications during follow-up period included pneumonia (n = 37; 25%) and tuberculosis (n = 9; 6%). Hypertension was present in 86% and diabetes mellitus in 30% of the patients. Hepatitis developed in 24% of the patients. Eight patients had pregnancy followed by successful delivery (two of them twice). Twenty seven patients had significant post-operative urological complications, including 12 lymphoceles and three urinary leaks. When the influence of different factors such as type and place of transplant, immunosuppression, infections, and occurrence of acute rejections, hypertension, diabetes, hepatitis and urological complications, on outcome were analyzed, only history of acute rejections and chest infections had a significant independent effect.
Parental diet, pregnancy outcomes and offspring health: metabolic determinants in developing oocytes and embryos.; The periconceptional period, embracing the terminal stages of oocyte growth and post-fertilisation development up to implantation, is sensitive to parental nutrition. Deficiencies or excesses in a range of macro- and micronutrients during this period can lead to impairments in fertility, fetal development and long-term offspring health. Obesity and genotype-related differences in regional adiposity are associated with impaired liver function and insulin resistance, and contribute to fatty acid-mediated impairments in sperm viability and oocyte and embryo quality, all of which are associated with endoplasmic reticulum stress and compromised fertility. Disturbances to maternal protein metabolism can elevate ammonium concentrations in reproductive tissues and disturb embryo and fetal development. Associated with this are disturbances to one-carbon metabolism, which can lead to epigenetic modifications to DNA and associated proteins in offspring that are both insulin resistant and hypertensive. Many enzymes involved in epigenetic gene regulation use metabolic cosubstrates (e.g. acetyl CoA and S-adenosyl methionine) to modify DNA and associated proteins, and so act as 'metabolic sensors' providing a link between parental nutritional status and gene regulation. Separate to their genomic contribution, spermatozoa can also influence embryo development via direct interactions with the egg and by seminal plasma components that act on oviductal and uterine tissues.
Impact of perinatal exposure to sucrose or high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55) on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition in rat offspring.; KEY POINTS: Fructose-containing sugars, including sucrose and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), have been implicated in the epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Few studies have evaluated the impact of perinatal exposure to these sugars on metabolic and physiological outcomes in the offspring. Using a rat model, offspring exposed to a maternal sucrose or HFCS diet during the prenatal and/or suckling periods were found to have altered adiposity and liver fat content and composition at weaning. Plasma levels of free fatty acids remained elevated in young adulthood, but consumption of a control diet following weaning appeared to ameliorate most other effects of perinatal exposure to a maternal high-sugar diet. Guidelines for maternal nutrition should advise limiting consumption of fructose-containing sugars, and it is particularly important that these recommendations include maternal nutrition during lactation. ABSTRACT: Perinatal exposure to excess maternal intake of added sugars, including fructose and sucrose, is associated with an increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in adult life. However, it is unknown to what extent the type of sugar and the timing of exposure affect these outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine the impact of exposure to maternal consumption of a 10% (w/v) beverage containing sucrose or high fructose corn syrup-55 (HFCS-55) during the prenatal and/or suckling periods on offspring at 3 and 12 weeks, utilising a cross-fostering approach in a rodent model. Perinatal sucrose exposure decreased plasma glucose concentrations in offspring at 3 weeks, but did not alter glucose tolerance. Increased adiposity was observed in 3-week-old offspring exposed to sucrose or HFCS-55 during suckling, with increased hepatic fat content in HFCS-55-exposed offspring. In terms of specific fatty acids, hepatic monounsaturated (omega-7 and -9) fatty acid content was elevated at weaning, and was most pronounced in sucrose offspring exposed during both the prenatal and suckling periods, and HFCS-55 offspring exposed during suckling only. By 12 weeks, the effects on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition were largely normalised. However, exposure to either sucrose or HFCS-55 during the prenatal period only was associated with elevated plasma free fatty acids at weaning, and this effect persisted until 12 weeks. This study suggests that the type of sugar and the timing of exposure (prenatal or suckling periods) are both important for determining the impact on metabolic health outcomes in the offspring.
Gregg's congenital rubella patients 60 years later.; BACKGROUND: In 1941, a Sydney ophthalmologist, Norman McAlister Gregg, correctly identified the link between congenital cataracts in infants and maternal rubella early in pregnancy. Fifty of Gregg's subjects with congenital rubella, born in 1939-1944, were reviewed in 1967 and again in 1991. We reviewed this cohort in 2000-2001, 60 years after their intrauterine infection. METHODS: The subjects underwent full clinical assessment, plus pathology tests, an ophthalmological and cardiological review (including electrocardiography and echocardiography) and HLA histocompatibility testing. RESULTS: Since they were first seen in 1967, 10 have died (cardiovascular causes [4], malignant disease [4], AIDS [1], and hepatitis C-related cirrhosis [1]). All surviving men came for review (19) and 13 women (eight women declined). Echocardiography showed mild aortic valve sclerosis in 68%. The prevalence of diabetes (22%), thyroid disorders (19%), early menopause (73%) and osteoporosis (12.5%) was increased compared with the Australian population; 41% had undetectable levels of rubella antibodies. The frequency of HLA-A1 (44%) and HLA-B8 (34%) antigens was increased, and the haplotype HLA-A1, B8, DR3, said to be highly associated with many autoimmune conditions, was present in 25%. CONCLUSIONS: This cohort of people with congenital rubella has illuminated our understanding of viral teratogenesis.
A novel ADIPOQ mutation (p.M40K) impairs assembly of high-molecular-weight adiponectin and is associated with early-onset obesity and metabolic syndrome.; CONTEXT: The phenotypic effects of ADIPOQ mutations early in life, prior to type 2 diabetes onset, have not been studied. AIM: The objective of the study was to characterize the impact of a novel ADIPOQ mutation in vitro and in vivo. DESIGN: The design of the study was ADIPOQ screening, adiponectin oligomerization, and cardiometabolic phenotype assessment. SUBJECTS: Fourteen hypoadiponectinemic (<3 μg/mL) and 686 normoadiponectinemic young adults (23-25 y) were prospectively followed up since birth. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Human and recombinant murine mutant adiponectin oligomerization, the proband's ADIPOQ and ADIPOR1/R2 adipose tissue (AT) expression, and cardiometabolic profile were measured. RESULTS: The heterozygous ADIPOQ p.M40K mutation was identified in one hypoadiponectinemic male (2.4 μg/mL) and three other family members. Carriers presented a marked reduction of serum high-molecular weight to total adiponectin ratio when compared with controls (9.4% ± 1% vs 56.6% ± 13%; P < .05) and family noncarriers (9.4% ± 1% vs 42% ± 0.5%; P = .05). Both mRNA and protein levels of adiponectin were increased in the AT of the proband (2.3- and 1.6-fold, respectively). However, the high-molecular weight to total adiponectin ratio of adiponectin was decreased (3.3-fold). Moreover, the expressions of ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 were significantly down-regulated in the AT of the proband (6- and 1.2-fold, respectively). The results were confirmed by in vitro studies on the recombinant murine homologous mutation (p.M43K). The proband's cardiometabolic phenotype progression was further characterized: born small for gestational age and adolescence-onset obesity; insulin resistance (homeostasis assessment model of insulin resistance of 4.7), and dyslipidemia at 25 years; decreased high-molecular weight adiponectin (0.24 μg/mL = 10%), hypertension (180/120 mm Hg), steatosis (fat liver = 40% ± 6%), increased carotid intima-media thickness at 31 years, and type 2 diabetes (glycosylated hemoglobin = 6.6%) at 34 years of age. Of note, all of the affected family members presented features of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: The newly identified ADIPOQ p.M40K mutation associates with severe cardiometabolic dysfunction due to the impairment of high-molecular weight adiponectin complex formation.
Fetal programming by androgen excess impairs liver lipid content and PPARg expression in adult rats.; It is known that prenatal hyperandrogenization induces alterations since early stages of life, contributing to the development of polycystic ovary syndrome affecting the reproductive axis and the metabolic status, thus promoting others associated disorders, such as dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, liver dysfunction, and even steatosis. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of fetal programming by androgen excess on the hepatic lipid content and metabolic mediators at adult life. Pregnant rats were hyperandrogenized with daily subcutaneous injections of 1 mg of free testosterone from days 16 to 19 of pregnancy. The prenatally hyperandrogenized (PH) female offspring displayed two phenotypes: irregular ovulatory phenotype (PHiov) and anovulatory phenotype (PHanov), with different metabolic and endocrine features. We evaluated the liver lipid content and the main aspect of the balance between fatty acid (FA) synthesis and oxidation. We investigated the status of the peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) alpha and gamma, which act as lipid mediators, and the adipokine chemerin, one marker of liver alterations. We found that prenatal hyperandrogenization altered the liver lipid profile with increased FAs levels in the PHanov phenotype and decreased cholesterol content in the PHiov phenotype. FA metabolism was also disturbed, including decreased mRNA and protein PPARgamma levels and impaired gene expression of the main enzymes involved in lipid metabolism. Moreover, we found low chemerin protein levels in both PH phenotypes. In conclusion, these data suggest that prenatal hyperandrogenization exerts a negative effect on the liver and alters lipid content and metabolic mediators' expression at adult age.
Porphyromonas gingivalis and Its Systemic Impact: Current Status.; The relationship between periodontitis and systemic diseases, notably including atherosclerosis and diabetes, has been studied for several years. Porphyromonas gingivalis, a prominent component of oral microorganism communities, is the main pathogen that causes periodontitis. As a result of the extensive analysis of this organism, the evidence of its connection to systemic diseases has become more apparent over the last decade. A significant amount of research has explored the role of Porphyromonas gingivalis in atherosclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, and adverse pregnancy outcomes, while relatively few studies have examined its contribution to respiratory diseases, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and depression. Here, we provide an overview of the current state of knowledge about Porphyromonas gingivalis and its systemic impact in an aim to inform readers of the existing epidemiological evidence and the most recent preclinical studies. Additionally, the possible mechanisms by which Porphyromonas gingivalis is involved in the onset or exacerbation of diseases, together with its effects on systemic health, are covered. Although a few results remain controversial, it is now evident that Porphyromonas gingivalis should be regarded as a modifiable factor for several diseases.
In utero exposure to prepregnancy maternal obesity and postweaning high-fat diet impair regulators of mitochondrial dynamics in rat placenta and offspring.; The proportion of pregnant women who are obese at conception continues to rise. Compelling evidence suggests the intrauterine environment is an important determinant of offspring health. Maternal obesity and unhealthy diets are shown to promote metabolic programming in the offspring. Mitochondria are maternally inherited, and we have previously shown impaired mitochondrial function in rat offspring exposed to maternal obesity in utero. Mitochondrial health is maintained by mitochondrial dynamics, or the processes of fusion and fission, which serve to repair damaged mitochondria, remove irreparable mitochondria, and maintain mitochondrial morphology. An imbalance between fusion and fission has been associated with obesity, insulin resistance, and reproduction complications. In the present study, we examined the influence of maternal obesity and postweaning high-fat diet (HFD) on key regulators of mitochondrial fusion and fission in rat offspring at important developmental milestones which included postnatal day (PND)35 (2 wk HFD) and PND130 (∼16 wk HFD). Our results indicate HFD-fed offspring had reduced mRNA expression of presenilin-associated rhomboid-like (PARL), optic atrophy (OPA)1, mitofusin (Mfn)1, Mfn2, fission (Fis)1, and nuclear respiratory factor (Nrf)1 at PND35, while OPA1 and Mfn2 remained decreased at PND130. Putative transcriptional regulators of mitochondrial dynamics were reduced in rat placenta and offspring liver and skeletal muscle [peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator (PGC1)α, PGC1β, and estrogen-related receptor (ERR)α], consistent with indirect calorimetry findings revealing reduced energy expenditure and impaired fat utilization. Overall, maternal obesity detrimentally alters mitochondrial targets that may contribute to impaired mitochondrial health and increased obesity susceptibility in later life.
Maternal propionate supplementation ameliorates glucose and lipid metabolic disturbance in hypoxia-induced fetal growth restriction.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), one of the major complications of pregnancy, is characterized by low birth weight and results in higher risks for long-term problems including developing metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), especially propionate, have been reported to correct glucose and lipid disorders in metabolic diseases. We hypothesized that maternal propionate supplementation could prevent glucose and lipid metabolic disturbance in hypoxia-induced IUGR. Here, in our study, maternal hypoxia was induced from gestational day (GD) 11 to GD 17.5 to establish an IUGR mouse model. Maternal propionate treatment reversed reduced birth weight in male IUGR offspring. Hepatic transcriptomics demonstrated that SP treatment significantly lowered glucose and lipid metabolism-related genes (Scd1, G6pc, Pck1 and Fasl) in IUGR offspring. KOG enrichment analysis showed that propionate-induced down-regulated differential expressed genes (DEGs) mainly belonged to lipid transport and metabolism. KEGG enrichment results showed that the down-regulated DEGs were mostly enriched in PPAR and FoxO signaling pathways. We also found that maternal oral administration of SP decreased serum lipid content, attenuated hepatic insulin resistance and liver lipid accumulation, reduced hepatic key gene expressions of gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis, increased energy expenditure and improved liver function in 11-week-old male IUGR offspring. These results indicate that maternal propionate supplementation increases birth weight and corrects hepatic glucose and lipid metabolic disturbance and energy expenditure in male mice born with IUGR, which may provide a basis for using propionate to treat IUGR disease.
Programmed increases in LXRα induced by paternal alcohol use enhance offspring metabolic adaptation to high-fat diet induced obesity.; OBJECTIVES: Paternally inherited alterations in epigenetic programming are emerging as relevant factors in numerous disease states, including the growth and metabolic defects observed in fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. In rodents, chronic paternal alcohol use induces fetal growth restriction, as well as sex-specific alterations in insulin signaling and lipid homeostasis in the offspring. Based on previous studies, we hypothesized that the observed metabolic irregularities are the consequence of paternally inherited alterations liver x receptor (LXR) activity. METHODS: Male offspring of alcohol-exposed sires were challenged with a high-fat diet and the molecular pathways controlling glucose and lipid homeostasis assayed for LXR-induced alterations. RESULTS: Similar to findings in studies employing LXR agonists we found that the male offspring of alcohol-exposed sires display resistance to diet-induced obesity and improved glucose homeostasis when challenged with a high-fat diet. This improved metabolic adaptation is mediated by LXRα trans-repression of inflammatory cytokines, releasing IKKβ inhibition of the insulin signaling pathway. Interestingly, paternally programmed increases in LXRα expression are liver-specific and do not manifest in the pancreas or visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: These studies identify LXRα as a key mediator of the long-term metabolic alterations induced by preconception paternal alcohol use.
Maternal high-fat diet effects on third-generation female body size via the paternal lineage.; The health consequences of in utero exposure to maternal obesity on future generations are concerning because they contribute to increased rates of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome. We previously reported that maternal high-fat diet exposure in mice resulted in an increase in body size and reduced insulin sensitivity that persisted across two generations via both maternal and paternal lineages. However, because the first generation's primordial germ cells may be affected by gestational exposure, analysis of phenotype transmission into a third generation (F3) is necessary to determine whether stable epigenetic programming has occurred. Therefore, we have examined the body size and insulin sensitivity of male and female F3 offspring. We found that only females displayed the increased body size phenotype, and this effect was only passed on via the paternal lineage. The finding of a paternally transmitted phenotype to F3 female offspring supports a stable germline-based transgenerational mode of inheritance; thus we hypothesized that imprinted genes may be involved in this epigenetic programming. Using a quantitative TaqMan Array for imprinted genes to examine paternally or maternally expressed loci in F3 female livers, we detected a potential dynamic pattern of paternally expressed genes from the paternal lineage that was not noted in the maternal lineage. These findings suggest that the environmental influence on developmental regulation of growth and body size may be the result of broad programming events at imprinted loci, thereby providing sex specificity to both the transmission and inheritance of traits related to disease predisposition.
Glycogen Storage Disease Type I.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Glycogen storage disease type I (GSD I) is characterized by accumulation of glycogen and fat in the liver and kidneys resulting in hepatomegaly and nephromegaly. Severely affected infants present in the neonatal period with severe hypoglycemia due to fasting intolerance. More commonly, untreated infants present at age three to four months with hepatomegaly, severe hypoglycemia with or without seizures, lactic acidosis, hyperuricemia, and hypertriglyceridemia. Affected children typically have doll-like faces with full cheeks, relatively thin extremities, short stature, and a protuberant abdomen. Xanthoma and diarrhea may be present. Impaired platelet function and development of reduced or dysfunctional von Willebrand factor can lead to a bleeding tendency with frequent epistaxis and menorrhagia in females. Individuals with untreated GSD Ib are more likely to develop impaired neutrophil and monocyte function as well as chronic neutropenia resulting in recurrent bacterial infections, gingivitis, periodontitis, and genital and intestinal ulcers. Long-term complications of untreated GSD I include short stature, osteoporosis, delayed puberty, renal disease (including proximal and distal renal tubular acidosis, renal stones, and kidney failure), gout, systemic hypertension, pulmonary hypertension, hepatic adenomas with potential for malignancy, pancreatitis, and polycystic ovaries. Seizures and cognitive impairment may occur in individuals with prolonged periods of hypoglycemia. Normal growth and puberty are expected in treated children. Most affected individuals live into adulthood. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of GSD I is established in a proband by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in either G6PC1 (GSD Ia) or SLC37A4 (GSD Ib). If molecular genetic testing is inconclusive, hepatic enzyme activity analysis is only available for glucose-6-phosphatase catalytic activity (GSD Ia). MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Uncooked cornstarch alternating with frequent meals and snacks high in complex carbohydrates as directed by a metabolic specialist and metabolic dietitian to maintain normal blood glucose levels, prevent hypoglycemia, and provide optimal nutrition for growth and development. Nutritional supplements to avoid deficiencies. Surgery or other interventions such as percutaneous ethanol injections and radiofrequency ablation for hepatic adenomas; liver transplantation for individuals refractory to medical treatment. Other treatments include lipid-lowering medications for hyperlipidemia, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors to treat microalbuminuria, allopurinol to prevent and/or treat gout, citrate supplementation to prevent urinary calculi or ameliorate nephrocalcinosis, kidney transplantation for end-stage kidney disease, and combined kidney and liver transplant when needed. Management of hypertension with avoidance of beta-blockers; standard treatment of pancreatitis; developmental support and treatment of seizures as needed, antifibrinolytics and deamino-8-d-arginine vasopressin as needed for bleeding diathesis. Human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) for neutropenia, recurrent infections, enterocolitis and bowel ulcers. Management of polycystic ovaries and/or irregular menstrual cycles per gynecologist. Thyroid supplementation for hypothyroidism. Social worker or counselor for discussion and coping with chronic disease and possible body image considerations. Surveillance: Home blood glucose monitoring using a glucometer or continuous glucose monitoring; liver ultrasound every 12 to 24 months until age 16 years; liver CT, ultrasound, or MRI with contrast every six to 12 months in individuals beginning at age 16 years or earlier in individuals with hepatic adenomas; growth and nutritional assessment at each visit; surveillance labs to assess liver function, nutrition, and renal function including blood glucose, lactate, lipid panel, serum uric acid, comprehensive metabolic panel (including BUN, creatinine, AST, ALT, bilirubin, albumin, and electrolytes) every six to 12 months; PT/INR and aPTT every six months. Assess for anemia including CBC, iron, TIBC, and ferritin every six to 12 months; CBC with differential count (including WBC with ANC) every three months for those on G-CSF; serum CRP, ESR, TSH, and free T4 levels annually. Bone density every one to two years and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D annually; renal ultrasound annually beginning at age ten years; blood pressure at each visit; developmental assessment as indicated; evaluation by a gastroenterologist when indicated; colonoscopy when indicated. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Avoid sucrose, galactose, fructose, high fructose corn syrup, honey, maple syrup, molasses, agave nectar, and sorbitol. Combined oral contraception (including high-dose estrogen) should be avoided in women, particularly those with adenomas. Metformin, amoxicillin/clavulanic acid, and lactate-containing infusions such as Ringer’s lactate should be avoided. Glucagon should not be used to treat hypoglycemia. Evaluation of relatives at risk: Molecular genetic testing (if the family-specific pathogenic variants are known) and/or evaluation by a metabolic physician soon after birth (if the family-specific pathogenic variants are not known) allows for early diagnosis and treatment of sibs at risk for GSD I. GENETIC COUNSELING: GSD I is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for a GSD I-causing pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. Heterozygotes (carriers) are asymptomatic. Carrier testing for at-risk family members, prenatal testing for a pregnancy at increased risk, and preimplantation genetic testing are possible if both pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member.
Dietary fructose during the suckling period increases body weight and fatty acid uptake into skeletal muscle in adult rats.; OBJECTIVE: The suckling period is one potentially "critical" period during which nutritional intake may permanently "program" metabolism to promote increased adult body weight and insulin resistance in later life. This study determined whether fructose introduced during the suckling period altered body weight and induced changes in fatty acid transport leading to insulin resistance in adulthood in rats. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Pups were randomly assigned to one of four diets: suckle controls (SCs), rat milk substitute formula (Rat Milk Substitute), fructose-containing formula (Fructose), or galactose-containing formula (Galactose). Starting at weaning, all pups received the same diet; at 8 weeks of age, half of the SC rats began ingesting a diet containing 65% kcal fructose (SC-Fructose). This continued until animals were 12 weeks old and the study ended. RESULTS: At weeks 8, 10, and 11, the Fructose group weighed more than SC and SC-Fructose groups (P < 0.05). At weeks 8 and 10 of age, the Fructose group had significantly higher insulin concentrations vs. rats in the SC-Fructose group. (3)H-Palmitate transport into vesicles from hind limb skeletal muscle was higher in Fructose vs. SC rats (P < 0.05). CD36 expression was increased in the sarcolemma but not in whole tissue homogenates from skeletal muscle from Fructose rats (P < 0.05) suggesting a redistribution of this protein associated with fatty acid uptake across the plasma membrane. This change in subcellular localization of CD36 is associated with insulin resistance in muscle. DISCUSSION: Consuming fructose during suckling may result in lifelong changes in body weight, insulin secretion, and fatty acid transport involving CD36 in muscle and ultimately promote insulin resistance.
IPEX Syndrome.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: IPEX (immune dysregulation, polyendocrinopathy, enteropathy, X-linked) syndrome is characterized by systemic autoimmunity, typically beginning in the first year of life, which includes the triad of enteropathy (manifesting as malabsorption and watery diarrhea), endocrinopathy (most commonly type 1 insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus), and eczematous dermatitis. In addition to these manifestations, many children have other autoimmune phenomena including cytopenias, autoimmune hepatitis, nephropathy, lymphadenopathy, splenomegaly, alopecia, arthritis, and interstitial lung disease related to immune dysregulation. Fetal presentation of IPEX syndrome includes hydrops, echogenic bowel, skin desquamation, intrauterine growth deficiency, and fetal akinesia. Without aggressive immunosuppression or hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT), the majority of affected males will die within the first one to two years of life from metabolic derangements, severe malabsorption, or sepsis. Individuals with a milder phenotype have survived into the second or third decade of life, but this is uncommon. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis is established in a male proband with typical clinical findings, absent regulatory T cells (Treg) in blood or tissues, decreased numbers of FOXP3-expressing T cells in peripheral blood determined by flow cytometry (although FOXP3 levels in Treg can be normal in some individuals), and a hemizygous pathogenic variant in FOXP3 identified by molecular genetic testing. Heterozygous females have not been reported to have clinical findings typical of IPEX syndrome. MANAGEMENT: Targeted therapies: HSCT offers the only potential cure for IPEX syndrome. T cell-directed immune suppression can include either an mTOR inhibitor (sirolimus) or calcineurin inhibitor (cyclosporin A or tacrolimus), alone or in combination with corticosteroids. Supportive care: Total parenteral nutrition (TPN) with fluids and electrolyte support is needed until intestinal function can be established with immune suppression. Treatment of type 1 insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with insulin and carbohydrate management is standard, as is management of autoimmune thyroid disease. Skin conditions are managed with topical therapies, which can include steroids, tacrolimus, and emollients. Autoimmune neutropenia has been successfully treated with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; pemphigus nodularis has been treated with rituximab (anti-CD20), and rituximab has been used for other autoantibody-mediated disease. Prophylactic antibiotic therapy may be required for autoimmune neutropenia or recurrent infections with central venous access and TPN. Aggressive management of dermatitis with topical steroids and anti-inflammatory agents as needed to prevent cutaneous infections. Surveillance: Monitor growth, nutritional intake, and stooling patterns at each visit; glucose tolerance test, hemoglobin A1c, and thyroid function tests every three to six months; skin exam at each visit; complete blood count, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, urinalysis, and serum aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase every three to six months. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Withhold immunizations until after HSCT, if possible. Evaluation of relatives at risk: It is appropriate to clarify the genetic status of at-risk males either prenatally or immediately after birth to enable early diagnosis and HSCT and/or immune suppression treatment in affected males before significant organ damage occurs. GENETIC COUNSELING: IPEX syndrome is inherited in an X-linked manner. The risk to sibs of the proband depends on the genetic status of the mother. If the mother of the proband has a FOXP3 pathogenic variant, the chance of transmitting the pathogenic variant in each pregnancy is 50%. Males who inherit the pathogenic variant will be affected; females who inherit the pathogenic variant will be heterozygous (to date, IPEX syndrome has not been reported in females who are heterozygous for a FOXP3 pathogenic variant). Affected males transmit the pathogenic variant to all of their daughters and none of their sons. Once the FOXP3 pathogenic variant has been identified in an affected family member, identification of female heterozygotes and prenatal/preimplantation genetic testing are possible.
Female mice exposed to low doses of dioxin during pregnancy and lactation have increased susceptibility to diet-induced obesity and diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Exposure to persistent organic pollutants is consistently associated with increased diabetes risk in humans. We investigated the short- and long-term impact of transient low-dose dioxin (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin, TCDD) exposure during pregnancy and lactation on glucose homeostasis and beta cell function in female mice, including their response to a metabolic stressor later in life. METHODS: Female mice were injected with either corn oil (CO; vehicle control) or 20 ng/kg/d TCDD 2x/week throughout mating, pregnancy and lactation, and then tracked for 6-10 weeks after chemical exposure stopped. A subset of CO- and TCDD-exposed dams was then transferred to a 45% high-fat diet (HFD) or remained on a standard chow diet for an additional 11 weeks to assess the long-term effects of TCDD on adaptability to a metabolic stressor. To summarize, female mice were transiently exposed to TCDD and then subsequently tracked beyond when TCDD had been excreted to identify lasting metabolic effects of TCDD exposure. RESULTS: TCDD-exposed dams were hypoglycemic at birth but otherwise had normal glucose homeostasis during and post-TCDD exposure. However, TCDD-exposed dams on a chow diet were modestly heavier than controls starting 5 weeks after the last TCDD injection, and their weight gain accelerated after transitioning to a HFD. TCDD-exposed dams also had an accelerated onset of hyperglycemia, impaired glucose-induced plasma insulin levels, reduced islet size, increased MAFA(-ve) beta cells, and increased proinsulin accumulation following HFD feeding compared to controls. Overall, our study demonstrates that low-dose TCDD exposure during pregnancy has minimal effects on metabolism during the period of active exposure, but has detrimental long-term effects on metabolic adaptability to HFD feeding. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that transient low-dose TCDD exposure in female mice impairs metabolic adaptability to HFD feeding, demonstrating that dioxin exposure may be a contributing factor to obesity and diabetes pathogenesis in females.
Economic Burden of HIV Antiretroviral Therapy Adverse Events in the United States.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate health care costs associated with medical events identified as antiretroviral therapy (ART)-attributable adverse events (AEs). METHODS: During September 2006 to June 2012, adults with ≥1 HIV International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification diagnosis code (042/V08), ≥1 claim for ART prescription (March 2007-June 2011; index date), and continuous health plan enrollment for ≥6 months pre- and ≥12 months postindex were included (IMS' PharMetrics Plus Health Plan Claims Database). Patients with events of interest/ART claim during preindex period or with pregnancy/hepatitis C virus diagnosis/hepatitis B virus/cancer/tuberculosis during the study period were excluded. Postindex medical events were defined as first diagnosis code of event with ART claim ≤60 days prior to start of the event. RESULTS: Differences in median total all-cause health care costs observed for diabetes/insulin resistance management (US$14,547 median all-cause health care costs during time periods identified as diabetes/insulin resistance medical events versus US$11,237 without diabetes/insulin resistance events; P=.0021), lipid disorders (US$12,825 versus US$10,033; P=.0004), and renal disorders (US$1389 versus US$0; P<.0001). DISCUSSION/CONCLUSION: Health care costs of ART AEs should be key consideration for payers/providers in HIV management.
Raised Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone in Girls with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Effects of Randomized Interventions.; INTRODUCTION: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women associates with raised levels of circulating thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and with high rates of gestational complications. A low range of preconception TSH is followed by low rates of gestational complications. It is unknown whether TSH levels are elevated in adolescents with PCOS and, if so, whether traditional or exploratory treatments can lower them into safe preconception range. We investigated TSH in nonobese adolescents with PCOS, including the effects of randomized interventions. METHODS: Morning TSH was a safety marker in randomized pilot studies comparing the effects of an oral contraceptive (OC) versus those of a low-dose combination of spironolactone-pioglitazone-metformin (SPIOMET) in nonobese adolescents with PCOS. A post hoc analysis compared TSH levels in PCOS (N = 62) versus controls, TSH changes on treatment (for 1 year), and TSH levels posttreatment (for 1 year). RESULTS: Mean TSH levels were higher in PCOS patients than in control girls (p &lt; 0.01). On-treatment TSH levels diverged (p &lt; 0.001), remaining elevated on OC, and descending swiftly on SPIOMET, well into safe preconception range. Posttreatment TSH levels were stable in both subgroups. On-treatment changes of circulating TSH associated to those of liver fat (R = 0.307, p = 0.017). CONCLUSION: The endocrine signature of early PCOS is herewith extended to include modestly raised levels of circulating TSH; the normalizing effects of SPIOMET intervention in nonobese adolescents with PCOS are herewith extended to include on- and posttreatment TSH.
A Comprehensive Update on the Chylomicronemia Syndrome.; The chylomicronemia syndrome is characterized by severe hypertriglyceridemia and fasting chylomicronemia and predisposes affected individuals to acute pancreatitis. When due to very rare monogenic mutations in the genes encoding the enzyme, lipoprotein lipase, or its regulators, APOC2, APOA5, GPIHBP1, and LMF1, it is referred to as the familial chylomicronemia syndrome. Much more frequently, the chylomicronemia syndrome results from a cluster of minor genetic variants causing polygenic hypertriglyceridemia, which is exacerbated by conditions or medications which increase triglyceride levels beyond the saturation point of triglyceride removal systems. This situation is termed the multifactorial chylomicronemia syndrome. These aggravating factors include common conditions such as uncontrolled diabetes, overweight and obesity, alcohol excess, chronic kidney disease and pregnancy and several medications, including diuretics, non-selective beta blockers, estrogenic compounds, corticosteroids, protease inhibitors, immunosuppressives, antipsychotics, antidepressants, retinoids, L-asparaginase, and propofol. A third uncommon cause of the chylomicronemia syndrome is familial forms of partial lipodystrophy. Development of pancreatitis is the most feared complication of the chylomicronemia syndrome, but the risk of cardiovascular disease as well as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is also increased. Treatment consists of dietary fat restriction and weight reduction combined with the use of triglyceride lowering medications such as fibrates, omega 3 fatty acids and niacin. Effective management of aggravating factors such as improving diabetes control, discontinuing alcohol and replacing or reducing the dose of medications that raise triglyceride levels is essential. Importantly, many if not most cases of the chylomicronemia syndrome can be prevented by effective identification of polygenic hypertriglyceridemia in people with conditions that increase its likelihood or before starting medications that may increase triglyceride levels. Several new pharmacotherapeutic agents are being tested that are likely to considerably improve treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in people at risk.
Low dietary calcium and obesity: a comparative study in genetically obese and normal rats during early growth.; PURPOSE: A low calcium intake (LCaI) may predispose to obesity, and excessive fat mass may be detrimental to bone. The impact of Ca inadequacy would be greater in subjects predisposed to obesity. LCaI effect on obesity development during the rapid growth period was compared in two strains of rats: spontaneously obese IIMb/β (O) and Wistar (W). Pregnant rats were fed 0.5% (N) or 0.2% (L) of Ca (OLCa, ONCa, WLCa and WNCa). Male pups were fed the maternal diet until day 60. METHODS: Body composition, lipid profile, glucose homeostasis, 25 hydroxyvitamin D, Ca-phosphorus, and bone metabolism were evaluated. RESULTS: BW and body fat were higher, whereas body protein was lower in OLCa versus ONCa (p < 0.05). OLCa presented the highest body fat, glucose, non-HDL and total cholesterol, TGL, insulin levels, and HOMA-IR, liver weight, and adipose perigonadal plus retroperitoneal pads (p < 0.05). WLCa did not exhibit an increase BW and only showed a slight change in body composition with minor biochemical alterations compared to WNCa (p < 0.05). Osteocalcin, CTX, and proximal tibia and lumbar spine BMDs were lower in O than in W rats fed the same Ca diet (p < 0.05). Body ash and Ca content, and total skeleton BMC/BW were lower in OLCa and WLCa versus their corresponding NCa groups (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The negative effect of a low Ca diet on fat mass accumulation and lipid profile may be more evident in rats predisposed to obesity. Nevertheless, low CaI interferes with the normal glucose homeostasis leading to an increase in insulin resistance. Low CaI during early growth may be an obesogenic factor that may persist into adult life and may account for the development of obesity and some of its co-morbidities.
Impaired lipid and glucose homeostasis in male mice offspring after combined exposure to low-dose bisphenol A and arsenic during the second half of gestation.; In this study, we used a (1)H NMR based metabolomics strategy combined with gene expression analysis to determine the combined effects of gestational exposure of mice to BPA (10 μg/kg body weight by subcutaneous injection) and arsenic (10 ppb sodium arsenite in drinking water). Results showed that exposure to either BPA or, arsenic or their combination induced age-dependent metabolic disruptions in male mice offspring, and the combined exposure could exacerbate the metabolic changes induced by either BPA or arsenic alone. Moreover, this combined exposure influenced both glucose tolerance and insulin tolerance in mice, along with changing the expression of genes involved in lipid and glucose homeostasis. Specifically, the combined exposure to BPA and arsenic promoted the uptake of glucose and fatty acid from serum to liver, and genes involved in glycogenesis, glucogenesis, and fatty acid oxidation were activated in the liver in the combined exposure group. Taken together, these experimental results highlight the importance of considering the combined toxicity of environmental pollutants at levels relevant to human exposure, especially during the early life stages of mammals.
Familial Porphyria Cutanea Tarda.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Familial porphyria cutanea tarda (F-PCT) is characterized by: skin findings including blistering over the dorsal aspects of the hands and other sun-exposed areas of skin, skin friability after minor trauma, facial hypertrichosis and hyperpigmentation, and severe thickening of affected skin areas (pseudoscleroderma); and an increased risk for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of F-PCT is established in a proband with elevated porphyrins in the urine (predominantly uroporphyrin and heptacarboxylporphyrin) and a heterozygous pathogenic variant in UROD identified by molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: No treatment regimens can restore UROD enzyme levels in individuals with F-PCT. The mainstays of therapy are reduction of body iron stores and liver iron content, and use of low-dose antimalarial agents (hydroxychloroquine). In addition, modifiable risk factors can be addressed by ceasing alcohol/tobacco use, modifying estrogen use, and treating hepatitis C infection (if present). Surveillance: Monitor urinary porphyrin levels annually. For those who have been treated by phlebotomy, resume iron reduction by therapeutic phlebotomies if and when urinary uroporphyrins and heptacarboxylporphyrins increase to greater than 400 µg/g creatinine. Monitor for diabetes mellitus annually with fasting glucose, particularly in individuals with hypertension. Monitor for HCC annually with serum AFP concentration and hepatic ultrasonography; monitor every six months in those with cirrhosis. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Susceptibility factors (e.g., iron supplements, alcohol consumption, smoking, estrogen use, and hepatotoxins); exposure to sunlight in the symptomatic phase. Evaluation of relatives at risk: If the family-specific UROD pathogenic variant is known, it is reasonable to clarify the genetic status of at-risk relatives so that those with a UROD pathogenic variant can avoid known susceptibility factors. GENETIC COUNSELING: F-PCT is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner with reduced penetrance. Most individuals diagnosed with F-PCT inherited a UROD pathogenic variant from a heterozygous, asymptomatic parent. Each child of an individual with F-PCT has a 50% chance of inheriting the UROD pathogenic variant; because the penetrance of F-PCT is low, the likelihood of offspring developing signs and symptoms of PCT is small. Once the UROD pathogenic variant has been identified in an affected family member, prenatal testing for a pregnancy at increased risk and preimplantation genetic testing are possible. However, because of the low penetrance of F-PCT, the results of prenatal testing are not useful in accurately predicting whether an individual with one UROD pathogenic variant will develop clinical manifestations of PCT.
Does early-life exposure to organophosphate insecticides lead to prediabetes and obesity?; Human exposures to organophosphate insecticides are ubiquitous. Although regarded as neurotoxicants, increasing evidence points toward lasting metabolic disruption from early-life organophosphate exposures. We gave neonatal rats chlorpyrifos, diazinon or parathion in doses devoid of any acute signs of toxicity, straddling the threshold for barely-detectable cholinesterase inhibition. Organophosphate exposure during a critical developmental window altered the trajectory of hepatic adenylyl cyclase/cyclic AMP signaling, culminating in hyperresponsiveness to gluconeogenic stimuli. Consequently, the animals developed metabolic dysfunction resembling prediabetes. When the organophosphate-exposed animals consumed a high fat diet in adulthood, metabolic defects were exacerbated and animals gained excess weight compared to unexposed rats on the same diet. At the same time, the high fat diet ameliorated many of the central synaptic defects caused by organophosphate exposure, pointing to nonpharmacologic therapeutic interventions to offset neurodevelopmental abnormalities, as well as toward fostering dietary choices favoring high fat intake. These studies show how common insecticides may contribute to the increased worldwide incidence of obesity and diabetes.
Conditional knock-out reveals a requirement for O-linked N-Acetylglucosaminase (O-GlcNAcase) in metabolic homeostasis.; O-GlcNAc cycling is maintained by the reciprocal activities of the O-GlcNAc transferase and the O-GlcNAcase (OGA) enzymes. O-GlcNAc transferase is responsible for O-GlcNAc addition to serine and threonine (Ser/Thr) residues and OGA for its removal. Although the Oga gene (MGEA5) is a documented human diabetes susceptibility locus, its role in maintaining insulin-glucose homeostasis is unclear. Here, we report a conditional disruption of the Oga gene in the mouse. The resulting homozygous Oga null (KO) animals lack OGA enzymatic activity and exhibit elevated levels of the O-GlcNAc modification. The Oga KO animals showed nearly complete perinatal lethality associated with low circulating glucose and low liver glycogen stores. Defective insulin-responsive GSK3β phosphorylation was observed in both heterozygous (HET) and KO Oga animals. Although Oga HET animals were viable, they exhibited alterations in both transcription and metabolism. Transcriptome analysis using mouse embryonic fibroblasts revealed deregulation in the transcripts of both HET and KO animals specifically in genes associated with metabolism and growth. Additionally, metabolic profiling showed increased fat accumulation in HET and KO animals compared with WT, which was increased by a high fat diet. Reduced insulin sensitivity, glucose tolerance, and hyperleptinemia were also observed in HET and KO female mice. Notably, the respiratory exchange ratio of the HET animals was higher than that observed in WT animals, indicating the preferential utilization of glucose as an energy source. These results suggest that the loss of mouse OGA leads to defects in metabolic homeostasis culminating in obesity and insulin resistance.
Impaired Carbohydrate Metabolism and Excess of Lipid Accumulation in Offspring of Hyperandrogenic Mice.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an endocrine-metabolic disorder of unknown etiology. Hyperandrogenism (HA) is the main diagnostic criteria for PCOS, in addition to being a risk factor for developing several disorders throughout the patient's life, including pregnancy. However, the impact on offspring is little known. Therefore, the aim of this work was to evaluate the effect of maternal HA on glucose metabolism and hepatic lipid accumulation in adult offspring. We used Balb/c mice treated with dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) for 20 consecutive days. The ovary of DHEA-treated mice showed hemorrhagic bodies, an increased number of atretic follicles, and greater expression of genes related to meiotic cell cycle and DNA repair. The DHEA offspring (O-DHEA) had low birth weight, and some pups showed malformations. However, O-DHEA individuals gained weight rapidly, and the differences between them and the control group became significantly greater in adulthood. Moreover, O-DHEA presented higher serum glucose after a 6 h fast and a larger area under glucose, insulin, and pyruvate tolerance test curves. Oil Red O staining showed a more significant accumulation of fat in the liver but no changes in serum cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels. In summary, our results show that HA, induced by DHEA, affects gene expression in oocyte, which in turn generates defects in embryonic development, insulin resistance, and alteration in hepatic gluconeogenesis and lipid metabolism in O-DHEA, thereby increasing the risk of developing metabolic diseases.
An economic analysis of the Atorvastatin Comparative Cholesterol Efficacy and Safety Study (ACCESS).; INTRODUCTION: The objective of the Atorvastatin Comparative Cholesterol Efficacy and Safety Study (ACCESS) was to compare the efficacy and safety of the five 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors in a randomised, controlled, yet large-scale study. ACCESS also produced data that permitted comparative analysis of the cost to achieve National Cholesterol Education Panel (NCEP) II low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) targets. STUDY DESIGN: A 54-week, multicentre, open-label, randomised, parallel-arm, active-control study in men and women with or without documented coronary heart disease or peripheral vascular disease. Data included medication use, clinic visits, adverse events, LDL-C and other laboratory measures. Analyses of resource use and cost are reported from a third-party payer perspective. METHODS: Patients were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: atorvastatin (10-80 mg/day); fluvastatin (20-40 mg/day, or 40 mg twice daily); lovastatin (20-40 mg/day, or 40 mg twice daily); pravastatin (10-40 mg/day); or simvastatin (10-40 mg/day). Patients were started at the lowest available dose and titrated to higher doses at 6-week intervals until they achieved the NCEP II LDL-C target or reached the highest available dose of medication. PATIENTS: A total of 153 centres enrolled 3887 patients: atorvastatin (n = 1944); fluvastatin (n = 493); lovastatin (n = 494); pravastatin (n = 478); and simvastatin (n = 478). Inclusion criteria included LDL-C >or= 30 mg/dL higher than NCEP II LDL-C target (stratified by risk factors), fasting triglyceride values < 400 mg/dL, and a confirmed negative serum pregnancy test. Known hypersensitivity to statins, use of prohibited medications, uncontrolled diabetes, acute liver disease and age > 80 years or < 18 years were among the exclusion criteria. RESULTS: Mean total treatment costs to reach LDL-C targets for patients receiving atorvastatin (US dollars 683.37 in 2001) were significantly less than mean total treatment costs for patients receiving fluvastatin (difference = US dollars 211.35, p < 0.01), lovastatin (US dollars 607.96, p < 0.01), pravastatin (US dollars 424.60, p < 0.01) and simvastatin (US dollars 95.74, p < 0.01). Results were robust to sensitivity analyses using alternative definitions of the patient population (randomised, intent-to-treat, completers) and cost measures (50th percentile charges, 95th percentile charges, Medicare prices). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the other statins studied, atorvastatin was associated with the lowest resource use and costs when used to treat patients to their NCEP II LDL-C targets. Atorvastatin was also associated with the highest percentage of patients achieving their desired clinical outcomes. Therefore, in cost-effectiveness terms, it dominated the four other statins.
Placental superoxide dismutase 3 mediates benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health.; Poor maternal diet increases the risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring, adding to the ever-increasing prevalence of these diseases. In contrast, we find that maternal exercise improves the metabolic health of offspring, and here, we demonstrate that this occurs through a vitamin D receptor-mediated increase in placental superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3) expression and secretion. SOD3 activates an AMPK/TET signaling axis in fetal offspring liver, resulting in DNA demethylation at the promoters of glucose metabolic genes, enhancing liver function, and improving glucose tolerance. In humans, SOD3 is upregulated in serum and placenta from physically active pregnant women. The discovery of maternal exercise-induced cross talk between placenta-derived SOD3 and offspring liver provides a central mechanism for improved offspring metabolic health. These findings may lead to novel therapeutic approaches to limit the transmission of metabolic disease to the next generation.
Effects of encapsulated niacin on metabolism and production of periparturient dairy cows.; Nicotinic acid (niacin) can suppress lipolysis, but responses to dietary niacin have been inconsistent in cattle. Our aim was to determine if 24 g/d of encapsulated niacin (EN; providing 9.6g/d of bioavailable nicotinic acid) alters lipid metabolism and productivity of transition cows. Beginning 21 d before expected calving, primiparous (n = 9) and multiparous (n = 13) cows (body condition score of 3.63 ± 0.08) were sequentially assigned within parity to EN (12 g provided with ration twice daily) or control through 21 d postpartum. Liver biopsies were collected on d -21, -4, 1, 7, and 21 relative to parturition. Blood samples were collected on d -21, -14, -7, -4, 1, 4, 7, 14, and 21 relative to parturition. On d 7 postpartum, a caffeine clearance test was performed to assess liver function, and on d 21 to 23 postpartum, blood samples were collected every 8h to monitor posttreatment nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) responses. Data were analyzed using mixed models with repeated measures over time. A treatment × time × parity effect was observed on prepartum dry matter intake (DMI), which was caused by a 4 kg/d decrease in DMI of EN-treated multiparous cows compared with control multiparous cows during the final 4 d prepartum. A significant increase in plasma nicotinamide concentration occurred in EN-treated cows on d -7 and 21 relative to parturition. Prepartum glucose concentration decreased in treated animals, with no difference in plasma insulin concentration. Treatment × time × parity effects were detected for NEFA and β-hydroxybutyrate concentrations during the postpartum period. Plasma NEFA peaked at 1,467 ± 160 μM for control animals compared with 835 ± 154 μM for EN-treated animals. After treatments ended on d 21, no evidence was found for a plasma NEFA rebound in either parity group. A treatment × parity × time interaction was detected for liver triglyceride content, indicating a tendency for less liver triglyceride in EN-treated primiparous cows, but caffeine clearance rates were not affected by treatment. No treatment effects were observed for body condition score, body weight, energy balance, or milk or milk component production. A high dose of EN can decrease postpartum plasma NEFA concentration, but may also decrease prepartum DMI.
Longitudinal characterization of determinants associated with obesogenic growth patterns in early childhood.; BACKGROUND: Longitudinal assessment of the determinants of obesogenic growth trajectories in childhood can suggest appropriate developmental windows for intervention. METHODS: Latent class growth mixture modelling was used to identify body mass index (BMI) z-score trajectories from birth to age 6 years in 994 children from a prospective mother-offspring cohort (Chinese, Indian and Malay ethnicities) based in Singapore. We evaluated the early-life determinants of the trajectories as well as their associations with cardiometabolic risk markers at age 6 years. RESULTS: Five BMI z-score trajectory patterns were identified, three within the healthy weight range, alongside early-acceleration and late-acceleration obesogenic trajectories. The early-acceleration pattern was characterized by elevated fetal abdominal circumference growth velocity, BMI acceleration immediately after birth and crossing of the obesity threshold by age 2 years. The late-acceleration pattern had normal fetal growth and BMI acceleration after infancy, and approached the obesity threshold by age 6 years. Abdominal fat, liver fat, insulin resistance and odds of pre-hypertension/hypertension were elevated in both groups. Indian ethnicity, high pre-pregnancy BMI, high polygenic risk scores for obesity and shorter breastfeeding duration were common risk factors for both groups. Malay ethnicity and low maternal educational attainment were uniquely associated with early BMI acceleration, whereas nulliparity and obesogenic eating behaviours in early childhood were uniquely associated with late BMI acceleration. CONCLUSION: BMI acceleration starting immediately after birth or after infancy were both linked to early cardiometabolic alterations. The determinants of these trajectories may be useful for developing early risk stratification and intervention approaches to counteract metabolic adversities linked to childhood obesity.
Decreased beige adipocyte number and mitochondrial respiration coincide with increased histone methyl transferase (G9a) and reduced FGF21 gene expression in Sprague-Dawley rats fed prenatal low protein and postnatal high-fat diets.; We have shown that prenatal low-protein (LP) followed by postnatal high-fat (HF) diets result in a rapid increase in subcutaneous adipose tissue (subc-AT) mass in the offspring, contributing to development of obesity and insulin resistance. Studies have shown that a key transcription factor, PR domain containing 16 (PRDM16), and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) are involved in conversion of precursor cells into mitochondria (mt)-enriched beige adipocytes (BA). Our hypothesis is that a maternal LP and postnatal HF diets increase the risk of obesity and insulin resistance in offspring, in part, by reducing the conversion of precursor cell into BA in the subc-AT of offspring. Using obese-prone Sprague-Dawley rats fed 8% LP or 20% normal-protein (NP) diets for 3 weeks prior to conception and throughout pregnancy and lactation followed by 12 weeks of 10% normal-fat (NF) or 45% HF diet feeding, we investigated whether prenatal LP and postnatal HF diets affect BA number and oxidative respiratory function in subc-AT. Results showed that subc-AT and liver FGF21, PRDM16 and BA marker CD137 mRNA increase with postnatal HF diet in maternal NP group rats. In contrast, rats fed maternal LP and postnatal HF diets showed no increase in subc-AT mt copy number, oxygen consumption rate, FGF21, PRDM16 and CD137 mRNA, whereas protein expression of an inhibitor for FGF21 transcription (histone methyltransferase, G9a) increased. These findings suggest that LPHF diets cause offspring metabolic alterations by reduced BA and FGF21 mRNA and increased G9a protein expression in subc-AT.
Modulation of fetal and placental metabolic pathways in response to maternal thyroid and glucocorticoid hormone excess.; Triiodothyronine (T3) treatment of pregnant rats for 6 days, 10 micrograms/100 g, resulted in a pronounced induction of enzymes related to gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis and of mitochondrial FAD-glycerophosphate dehydrogenase in the maternal liver, as previously observed in male rats. There was virtually no change in the activity of these enzymes in the placenta. However, there was a distinct induction of these enzymes in the fetal liver, even if increments in fetal serum and liver T3 were much smaller than on the maternal side. This indicates that changes in hepatic enzyme activities are a more sensitive index of fetal hyperthyroidism than T3 levels. The increased lipogenic capacity was expressed by greater incorporation of a tritium tracer into fatty acids. Administration of triamcinolone, 2 mg/100 g, for the last 5 days of gestation resulted in marked induction of maternal hepatic enzymes of lipogenesis, gluconeogenesis and of aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT), known to occur in male rats, as well as in a metabolic pattern of insulin resistance. The response of placental enzymes was limited to a small elevation in ASAT and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) activity. In the fetal liver there was no stimulation of lipogenic enzymes, but a marked induction of PEPCK and ASAT. The changes in the lipogenic capacity were confirmed by tritium incorporation into serum and liver fatty acids. These results demonstrate the marked sensitivity of specific fetal enzyme systems to the maternal iatrogenic hyperthyroidism or hypercorticism. The limited alterations in placental enzyme activities are in accord with the concept that placental metabolic stability fulfils a protective function toward the fetus.
Fetal glycerol metabolism in experimental maternal lipemia.; Maternal lipemia (L), one of the consequences of poorly controlled diabetes in gestation, was induced in pregnant rats by feedings of a diet containing 45% fat. The maternal condition was associated with fetal L and moderate ketonemia. L fetuses had an elevated liver glycerol kinase (EC 2.7.1.30), when assayed 1 day before term (L = 82.5 +/- 3.8 nmole/min X mg protein and controls (C) = 67.4 +/- 3.9 nmole/min X mg protein; means +/- SE, P less than 0.01). However, neither hepatic cytosolic glycerophosphate (GcPO4) dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.94) nor mitochondrial GcPO4 oxidase (EC 1.1.99.5) were altered. GcPO4 oxidase was lower in the striated muscle of L than in that of C fetuses (13.7 +/- 1.2 nmole/min X mg protein vs 17.2 +/- 0.5 nmole/min X mg protein, P less than 0.05). The results of the present study suggest that L, in utero, may cause an alteration in overall glycerol oxidative capacity in liver and GcPO4 in muscle. These changes appear to be compatible with a shift in the capacity of L fetuses to handle glycerol which may relate to postnatal fuel utilization by L offspring.
Potential value and impact of data mining and machine learning in clinical diagnostics.; Data mining involves the use of mathematical sciences, statistics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning to determine the relationships between variables from a large sample of data. It has previously been shown that data mining can improve the prediction and diagnostic precision of type 2 diabetes mellitus. A few studies have applied machine learning to assess hypertension and metabolic syndrome-related biomarkers, as well as refine the assessment of cardiovascular disease risk. Machine learning methods have also been applied to assess new biomarkers and survival outcomes in patients with renal diseases to predict the development of chronic kidney disease, disease progression, and renal graft survival. In the latter, random forest methods were found to be the best for the prediction of chronic kidney disease. Some studies have investigated the prognosis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and acute liver failure, as well as therapy response prediction in patients with viral disorders, using decision tree models. Machine learning techniques, such as Sparse High-Order Interaction Model with Rejection Option, have been used for diagnosing Alzheimer's disease. Data mining techniques have also been applied to identify the risk factors for serious mental illness, such as depression and dementia, and help to diagnose and predict the quality of life of such patients. In relation to child health, some studies have determined the best algorithms for predicting obesity and malnutrition. Machine learning has determined the important risk factors for preterm birth and low birth weight. Published studies of patients with cancer and bacterial diseases are limited and should perhaps be addressed more comprehensively in future studies. Herein, we provide an in-depth review of studies in which biochemical biomarker data were analyzed using machine learning methods to assess the risk of several common diseases, in order to summarize the potential applications of data mining methods in clinical diagnosis. Data mining techniques have now been increasingly applied to clinical diagnostics, and they have the potential to support this field.
Metabolic perturbations in pregnant rats exposed to low-dose perfluorooctanesulfonic acid: An integrated multi-omics analysis.; Emerging epidemiological evidence has linked per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) exposure could be linked to the disturbance of gestational glucolipid metabolism, but the toxicological mechanism is unclear, especially when the exposure is at a low level. This study examined the glucolipid metabolic changes in pregnant rats treated with relatively low dose perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) through oral gavage during pregnancy [gestational day (GD): 1-18]. We explored the molecular mechanisms underlying the metabolic perturbation. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and biochemical tests were performed to assess the glucose homeostasis and serum lipid profiles in pregnant Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats randomly assigned to starch, 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg·bw·d groups. Transcriptome sequencing combined with non-targeted metabolomic assays were further performed to identify differentially altered genes and metabolites in the liver of maternal rats, and to determine their correlation with the maternal metabolic phenotypes. Results of transcriptome showed that differentially expressed genes at 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg·bw·d PFOS exposure were related to several metabolic pathways, such as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) signaling, ovarian steroid synthesis, arachidonic acid metabolism, insulin resistance, cholesterol metabolism, unsaturated fatty acid synthesis, bile acid secretion. The untargeted metabolomics identified 164 and 158 differential metabolites in 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg·bw·d exposure groups, respectively under negative ion mode of Electrospray Ionization (ESI-), which could be enriched in metabolic pathways such as α-linolenic acid metabolism, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, glycerolipid metabolism, glucagon signaling pathway, glycine, serine and threonine metabolism. Co-enrichment analysis indicated that PFOS exposure may disturb the metabolism pathways of glycerolipid, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, linoleic acid, steroid biosynthesis, glycine, serine and threonine. The key involved genes included down-regulated Ppp1r3c and Abcd2, and up-regulated Ogdhland Ppp1r3g, and the key metabolites such as increased glycerol 3-phosphate and lactosylceramide were further identified. Both of them were significantly associated with maternal fasting blood glucose (FBG) level. Our findings may provide mechanistic clues for clarifying metabolic toxicity of PFOS in human, especially for susceptible population such as pregnant women.
Alpha linolenic acid in maternal diet halts the lipid disarray due to saturated fatty acids in the liver of mice offspring at weaning.; BACKGROUND: Alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3) in maternal diets has been shown to attenuate obesity associated insulin resistance (IR) in adult offspring in mice. The objective in the present study was to detect the early effects of maternal dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) and their partial substitution with ω-3 ALA, docosa hexenoic acid (DHA,22:6) and eicosapentenoic acid 20:5 (EPA,20:5) on the HOMA index, liver lipids and fatty acid desaturases in the offspring at weaning. METHODS: 3 month old C57Bl6/J female mice were fed diets containing normal amount of calories but rich in SFA alone or partially replaced with ALA, DHA or EPA before mating, during pregnancy and lactation. RESULTS: Pregnant mice fed SFA produced offspring with the highest HOMA index, liver lipids and desaturase activities. ALA prevented SFA induced lipid increase but DHA and EPA only reduced it by 42% and 31% respectively. ALA, DHA and EPA decreased HOMA index by 84%, 75% and 83% respectively. ALA, DHA and EPA decreased Δ6 and SCD1 desaturase activities about 30%. CONCLUSIONS: SFA feeding to mothers predisposes their offspring to develop IR and liver lipid accumulation already at weaning. ω3 fatty acids reduce IR, ALA halts lipid accumulation whereas DHA and EPA only blunt it.ALA and DHA restore the increased SCD1 to normal. These studies suggest that ω-3 fatty acids have different potencies to preclude lipid accumulation in the offspring partially by affecting pathways associated to SCD1 modulation.
[Current prenatal care with reference to state of the art knowledge].; Every physician taking care of pregnant women believes to be well acquainted with the state-of-the-art requirements. However, changes imposed by the new Swiss health insurance legislation (KVG) and by the pressure of Evidence Based Medicine brought these into a new scope. In Switzerland there is no general agreement on optimal pregnancy-care. We propose a care-standard, based on rational and efficient clinical, laboratory and sonographic checks, which allow a timely diagnosis of pregnancy-at-risk. Targeted laboratory investigations as well as the anti-D-immunoprophylaxis, and screening for diabetes mellitus efficiently help to avoid long-term sequelae for mother and child. Screening for toxoplasmosis, HIV, and hepatitis B are compulsory. A vaginal pH below 4.5 prevents premature birth. Diagnosis and treatment of vaginal chlamydial and candida infection are also very important in this respect. The number of sonographies to be performed during pregnancy is a highly political issue, and we have to comply with our dirigistic governmental regulations. However, sonography including search for increased nuchal translucency done early in pregnancy is a key procedure for quality assurance. Supplementation of folic acid started before conception, almost entirely prevents neural tube defects. Hence women need appropriate advice before conception. A new information brochure is available for future parents in Switzerland, and makes all former self-made guidelines unnecessary. UNICEF declared 1998 as the year of safe motherhood. Worldwide still too many women die from pregnancy and delivery. Care for normal pregnancy, and not only for at-risk-pregnancy will therefore continue to make sense.
A Novel Homozygous Missense Mutation in the YARS Gene: Expanding the Phenotype of YARS Multisystem Disease.; Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (ARSs) are crucial enzymes for protein translation. Mutations in genes encoding ARSs are associated with human disease. Tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase is encoded by YARS which is ubiquitously expressed and implicated in an autosomal dominant form of Charcot-Marie-Tooth and autosomal recessive YARS-related multisystem disease. We report on a former 34-week gestational age male who presented at 2 months of age with failure to thrive (FTT) and cholestatic hepatitis. He was subsequently diagnosed with hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia with a negative congenital hyperinsulinism gene panel and F-DOPA positron-emission tomography (PET) scan that did not demonstrate a focal lesion. Autopsy findings were notable for overall normal pancreatic islet size and morphology. Trio whole exome sequencing identified a novel homozygous variant of uncertain significance in YARS (c.611A > C, p.Tyr204Cys) with each parent a carrier for the YARS variant. Euglycemia was maintained with diazoxide (max dose, 18 mg/kg/day), and enteral dextrose via gastrostomy tube (G-Tube). During his prolonged hospitalization, the patient developed progressive liver disease, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, acute renal failure, recurrent infections, ichthyosis, hematologic concerns, hypotonia, and global developmental delay. Such multisystem features have been previously reported in association with pathogenic YARS mutations. Although hypoglycemia has been associated with pathogenic YARS mutations, this report provides more conclusive data that a YARS variant can cause hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia. This case expands the allelic and clinical heterogeneity of YARS-related disease. In addition, YARS-related disease should be considered in the differential of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia associated with multisystem disease.
Surgical management of obesity: a review of the evidence relating to the health benefits and risks.; Obesity continues to plague our society in epidemic proportions. Surgery for morbid obesity is considered by many as the most effective therapy for this complex disorder. Today, multiple surgical procedures for the treatment of obesity are available. As with most procedures, there are benefits and risks associated with open and laparoscopic gastric bypass surgery, as well as with laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding and partial biliopancreatic bypass with a duodenal switch. The risks and complications associated with bariatric surgery may be serious and in some cases life threatening. However, surgery for obesity has shown remarkable results in helping patients to achieve significant long-term weight control. In addition, it is associated with improvement and often resolution of co-morbid conditions, including type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic hypertension, obesity hypoventilation, sleep apnea, venous stasis disease, pseudotumor cerebri, polycystic ovary syndrome, complications of pregnancy and delivery, gastroesophageal reflux disease, stress urinary incontinence, degenerative joint disease, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Case Series: Exposure to Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist in the First Trimester of Pregnancy in Two Siblings.; BACKGROUND: The safety of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in pregnancy is under investigation. In this report, we want to share the results of a patient with polycystic ovary syndrome who applied to our outpatient clinic for diabetes and had two unplanned pregnancies following the initiation of exenatide for obesity treatment. CASE PRESENTATION: A 40-year-old woman with diabetes was admitted to the endocrinology outpatient clinic. On physical examination, the body mass index was over 35 kg/m ², therefore, exenatide treatment was started. Four weeks later, she came to suspicion of pregnancy, and obstetric ultrasound revealed a fetus at 17 weeks of gestation. Exenatide was interrupted. At 37 weeks of gestation, she gave birth to a female baby with atrial septal defect. The baby was followed with echocardiography annually until spontaneous closure of ASD when she was three years old. Two years later, the patient consulted us again for weight gain. Exenatide was prescribed again. After 5 months, an abdominal ultrasound revealed a fatty liver and detected a pregnancy compatible with 13 weeks of gestation. Two siblings are healthy now, 7 and 5 years old, respectively. CONCLUSION: This report contributes to our knowledge of fetal exposure to exenatide. Large-scale randomized studies are needed for its safe use in pregnancy.
Postnatal treatment with dexamethasone perturbs hepatic and cardiac energy metabolism and is associated with a sustained atherogenic plasma lipid profile in suckling rats.; Early exposure to glucocorticoids (GC) has been proposed to disturb hepatic and cardiac function in later life. In the present study, we evaluated early metabolic alterations upon GC treatment that may predispose to long-term abnormalities. Rats were injected with dexamethasone (DEX) at d 1, 2, and 3 after birth and controls received saline (SAL). Rats were killed at 2, 7, and 14 d of age. Compared with SAL, DEX induced lower plasma insulin levels, hyperglycemia, hyperketonemia, and dyslipidemia at 2 d. At the same time, DEX treatment significantly increased expression of gluconeogenic and fatty acid oxidation genes in liver and expression of genes involved fatty acid utilization in heart. At 7 d, DEX-treated rats showed insulin resistance with hyperlipidemia, whereas hepatic and cardiac gene expression patterns were largely normalized. Hyperlipidemia and a significantly increased hepatic triglyceride content in DEX-treated rats were prominent at 14 d without large differences in hepatic and cardiac gene expression patterns. Thus, neonatal DEX administration transiently affects cardiac and hepatic gene expression patterns in suckling rats associated with sustained effects on plasma glucose and lipid concentrations. Whether these early effects of DEX contribute to hepatic and cardiac abnormalities at adult age needs further evaluation.
Short-Term Variability of Proton Density Fat Fraction in Pancreas and Liver Assessed by Multiecho Chemical-Shift Encoding-Based MRI at 3 T.; BACKGROUND: Quantification of pancreatic fat (PF) and intrahepatic lipids (IHL) is of increasing interest in subjects at risk for metabolic diseases. There is limited data available on short- and medium-term variability of PF/IHL and on their dependence on nutritional status. PURPOSE: To assess short-term intraday variations of PF/IHL after a high-fat meal as well as medium-term changes after 5 days of high-caloric diet. STUDY TYPE: Prospective cohort study. SUBJECTS: A total of 12 subjects (six males) for intraday variations study, 15 male subjects for medium-term high-caloric diet study and 11 age- and body mass index (BMI)-matched controls. FIELD STRENGTH/SEQUENCE: A 3 T; chemical-shift encoded multiecho gradient echo sequence. ASSESSMENT: For the intraday study, subjects were scanned after overnight fasting and after a high fat meal on the same day. For the medium-term study, 26 subjects were scanned after overnight fasting with 15/11 rescanned after 5 days of high-calorie diet/isocaloric diet. Proton density fat fraction (PDFF) maps were generated inline on the scanner. Regions of interest were manually drawn in head, body, and tail of pancreas and in the liver by a medical physicist and a doctoral student (26/4 years of experience). PF was calculated as the average of the head, body, and tail measurements. STATISTICAL TESTS: Repeated measurements ANOVA for assessing changes in PF/IHL, linear correlation analyses for assessing relationships of PF/IHL with BMI. Significance level P &lt; 0.05 for all. RESULTS: Nonsignificant changes in PF (2.6 ± 1.0 vs. 2.7 ± 0.9% after high-fat meal, 1.4 ± 0.8 vs. 1.5 ± 0.6% [high-caloric diet] and 1.5 ± 0.8 vs. 1.8 ± 1.0% [isocaloric control group]), nonsignificant changes in IHL after high-fat meal (2.6 ± 1.3 vs. 2.5 ± 0.9%) and in the control group (1.1 ± 0.6 vs. 1.2 ± 1.1%), significantly increased IHL after high-caloric diet (1.7 ± 2.2% vs. 2.7 ± 3.6%). Nonsignificant changes in PF (2.6 ± 1.0 vs. 2.7 ± 0.9% after high-fat meal, 1.4 ± 0.8 vs. 1.5 ± 0.6% [high-caloric diet] and 1.5 ± 0.8 vs. 1.8 ± 1.0% [isocaloric control group]), nonsignificant changes in IHL after high-fat meal (2.6 ± 1.3 vs. 2.5 ± 0.9%) and in the control group (1.1 ± 0.6 vs. 1.2 ± 1.1%), significantly increased IHL after 5-days of high-caloric diet (1.7 ± 2.2% vs. 2.7 ± 3.6%). DATA CONCLUSION: Time of day and nutritional status have no significant influence on PF/IHL and are therefore not likely to be major confounders in epidemiologic or clinical studies. EVIDENCE LEVEL: 2 TECHNICAL EFFICACY: Stage 1.
Uteroplacental insufficiency after bilateral uterine artery ligation in the rat: impact on postnatal glucose and lipid metabolism and evidence for metabolic programming of the offspring by sham operation.; Ligation of the uterine arteries (LIG) in rats serves as a model of intrauterine growth restriction and subsequent developmental programming of impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and adiposity in the offspring. Its impact on lipid metabolism has been less well investigated. We compared parameters of glucose and lipid metabolism and glucocorticoid levels in the offspring of dams that underwent either LIG or sham operation (SOP) with those of untreated controls. Blood parameters including insulin, leptin, and visfatin as well as body weight, food intake, and creatinine clearance were recorded up to an age of 30 wk. Glucose tolerance tests were performed, and both leptin and visfatin expression in liver, muscle, and epididymal and mesenteric fat was quantified by RT-PCR. After catch-up growth, weight gain of all groups was similar, despite lower food intake of the LIG rats. LIG offspring showed impaired glucose tolerance from the age of 15 wk as well as elevated glycosylated hemoglobin and corticosterone levels. However, the body fat content of both LIG and SOP animals increased relative to controls, and both showed elevated triglyceride, total cholesterol, and leptin levels as well as a reduced proportion of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Thus, use of the LIG model requires both SOP and untreated controls. Although only LIG is associated with impaired glucose tolerance, pathogenic programming of the lipid metabolism can also be induced by SOP. Visfatin does not appear to be involved in the disturbed glucose metabolism after intrauterine growth restriction and may represent only a marker of fat accumulation.
[The role of HLA-E polymorphism in immunological response].; The HLA-E protein is one of the most extensively studied MHC class Ib antigens and the least polymorphic one compared to other MHC class I molecules. In the human population there have been reported just ten alleles encoding three different peptides. Only two of these alleles, namely HLA-E*0101 and HLA-E*0103, are widely distributed (around 50% each). The proteins encoded by these alleles differ from each other in one amino acid at position 107. In HLA-E*0101 it is arginine and in HLA-E*0103 it is glycine. The difference between these proteins manifests itself in surface expression levels, affinities to leader peptides and thermal stabilities of their complexes. The HLA-E molecule is a ligand for CD94/NKG2 receptors on NK cells and TCR receptors on NK-CTL (NK-cytotoxic T lymphocyte) cells, so it plays a double role in both innate and adaptive immunity. This paper reviews the knowledge on the role of the HLA-E molecule in the immunological response. Aspects related to polymorphism of the HLA-E gene and the course of several diseases including type I diabetes, ankylosing spondylitis, HCV and HIV infections, nasopharyngeal cancer and recurrent spontaneous abortions, as well as the outcome of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, are presented and discussed in more detail.
Lack of testicular seipin causes teratozoospermia syndrome in men.; Obesity impairs male fertility, providing evidence for a link between adipose tissue and reproductive function; however, potential consequences of adipose tissue paucity on fertility remain unknown. Lack of s.c. fat is a hallmark of Berardinelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy type 2 (BSCL2), which is caused by mutations in BSCL2-encoding seipin. Mice with a targeted deletion of murine seipin model BSCL2 with severe lipodystrophy, insulin resistance, and fatty liver but also exhibit male sterility. Here, we report teratozoospermia syndrome in a lipodystrophic patient with compound BSCL2 mutations, with sperm defects resembling the defects of infertile seipin null mutant mice. Analysis of conditional mouse mutants revealed that adipocyte-specific loss of seipin causes progressive lipodystrophy without affecting fertility, whereas loss of seipin in germ cells results in complete male infertility and teratozoospermia. Spermatids of the human patient and mice devoid of seipin in germ cells are morphologically abnormal with large ectopic lipid droplets and aggregate in dysfunctional clusters. Elevated levels of phosphatidic acid accompanied with an altered ratio of polyunsaturated to monounsaturated and saturated fatty acids in mutant mouse testes indicate impaired phospholipid homeostasis during spermiogenesis. We conclude that testicular but not adipose tissue-derived seipin is essential for male fertility by modulating testicular phospholipid homeostasis.
Associated factors with unsuccessful tuberculosis treatment outcomes among tuberculosis/HIV coinfected patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis.; BACKGROUND: In Sub-Saharan Africa, HIV endemic has substantially contributed to the increasing tuberculosis (TB) incidence. The joint effect of the HIV and TB pestilences has confronted the feeble systems of healthcare in resource-limited countries. METHODS: The aim of this study was to determine the pathological attributes, outcomes of TB treatment, and the contributing factors of unsuccessful results among TB/HIV patients. A retrospective cohort study of all confirmed adult TB/HIV coinfected hospitalized patients with drug-resistant TB reported for the treatment in two different hospitals from 2010 to 2016 in Eastern Cape, South Africa. Cox proportional hazard model was used in identifying the predictors of unsuccessful treatment. RESULTS: Unsuccessful treatment outcomes among TB/HIV coinfected patients with treatment category were (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.988-1.318) age, smoking (1.047; 95% CI: 0.892-1.229), pregnancy (1.940; 95% CI: 0.793-4.743), CD 4+ count (1.163; 95% CI: 0.993-1.361), and patients with comorbidity diseases such as diabetes, liver diseases, renal failure, hepatitis, and silicosis were all significantly associated with unsuccessful treatment. The preantiretroviral treatment (ART) females appear to have significantly better survival than pre-ART males. CONCLUSION: The study showed that the unsuccessful treatment outcomes among TB/HIV coinfected patients were slightly below the WHO target. The key predictors of unsuccessful TB treatment outcomes among the TB/HIV coinfected patients were associated with pregnancy, productive age group, gender, contraception, and comorbidity diseases.
Transgenerational metabolomic fingerprints in mice ancestrally exposed to the obesogen TBT.; BACKGROUND: Endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) contribute to the etiology of metabolic disorders such as obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic dysfunction. Concern is growing about the consequences of perinatal EDC exposure on disease predisposition later in life. Metabolomics are promising approaches for studying long-term consequences of early life EDC exposure. These approaches allow for the identification and characterization of biomarkers of direct or ancestral exposures that could be diagnostic for individual susceptibility to disease and help to understand mechanisms through which EDCs act. OBJECTIVES: We sought to identify metabolomic fingerprints in mice ancestrally exposed to the model obesogen tributyltin (TBT), to assess whether metabolomics could discriminate potential trans-generational susceptibility to obesity and recognize metabolic pathways modulated by ancestral TBT exposure. METHODS: We used non-targeted (1)H NMR metabolomic analyses of plasma and liver samples collected from male and female mice ancestrally exposed to TBT in two independent transgenerational experiments in which F3 and F4 males became obese when challenged with increased dietary fat. RESULTS: Metabolomics confirmed transgenerational obesogenic effects of environmentally relevant doses of TBT in F3 and F4 males, in two independent studies. Although females never became obese, their specific metabolomic fingerprint evidenced distinct transgenerational effects of TBT in female mice consistent with impaired capacity for liver biotransformation. DISCUSSION: This study is the first application of metabolomics to unveil the transgenerational effects of EDC exposure. Very early, significant changes in the plasma metabolome were observed in animals ancestrally exposed to TBT. These changes preceded the onset of obesogenic effects elicited by increased dietary fat in the TBT groups, and which ultimately resulted in significant changes in the liver metabolome. Development of metabolomic fingerprints could facilitate the identification of individuals carrying the signature of ancestral obesogen exposure that might increase their susceptibility to other risk factor such as increased dietary fat.
Maternal high-fat diet promotes onset of diabetes in rat offspring.; The onset and progression of type II diabetes is closely related to environmental factors, in particular dietary habit. Moreover, the environmental exposures very early in life can influence the risk for development of type II diabetes later in life. In this study, we investigated pathophysiological changes in the pups of maternal Spontaneously Diabetic Torii (SDT) rats that were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) throughout gestation and lactation. Maternal SDT rats were continued on HFD for 5 weeks, from day 8 of gestation to day 21 after birth, and biological analyses of the pups were performed from 2 to 22 weeks of age. Results of serum lipid levels in pups from dams fed HFD were higher than pups from dams fed a standard diet, and the onset of diabetes was significantly accelerated in pups from dams fed HFD. In pathological analyses, pups from dams fed HFD showed increases in liver weight and vacuolation of hepatic cells at 2 weeks of age. In conclusion, the metabolic disorder of lipids and glucose in SDT rats is closely related to the nutritional condition of dams during the periods of gestation and lactation.
[Strategies for nutrition of the preterm infant with low and very low birth weight].; According to many experts in neonatal nutrition, the goal for nutrition of the preterm infant should be to achieve a postnatal growth rate approximating that of the normal fetus of the same gestational age. Unfortunately, most preterm infants, especially those born very preterm with extremely low birth weight, are not fed sufficient amounts of nutrients to produce normal fetal rates of growth and, as a result, end up growth-restricted during their hospital period after birth. Growth restriction is a significant problem, as numerous studies have shown definitively that undernutrition, especially of protein, at critical stages of development produces long-term short stature, organ growth failure, and both neuronal deficits of number and dendritic connections as well as later behavioral and cognitive outcomes. Glucose should be provided at 6-8 mg/min/kg as soon after birth as possible and adjusted according to frequent measurements of plasma glucose to achieve and maintain concentrations >45 mg/dl but <120 mg/dl to avoid the frequent problems of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia. Similarly, lipid is required to provide at least 0.5 g/kg/day to prevent essential fatty acid deficiency. However, the high rate of carbohydrate and lipid supply that preterm infants often get, based on the incomplete assumption that this is necessary to promote protein growth, tends to produce increased fat in organs like the liver and heart as well as adipose tissue. More and better essential fatty acid nutrition is valuable, but more organ and adipose fat has no known benefit and many problems. Amino acids and protein are essential not only for body growth but for metabolic signaling, protein synthesis, and protein accretion. 3.5-4.0 g/kg/day are necessary to produce normal protein balance and growth in very preterm infants = Aggressive parenteral nutrition (PN) including amino acids is recommended for low-birthweight infants to prevent energy and protein deficit. PN can be provided as a standard, usually commercial, formulation, representing the average needs of a large group of patients. Alternatively, an individualized PN compound adapted to the patient's needs can be prescribed and prepared, usually on a daily basis. A combination of standardized PN bags, prepared under strict standardization criteria, for most neonates. Many preterm infants are too ill to receive substantial enteral feeds and require prolonged PN. It was reported that normal gastrointestinal structure and function are lost, villi become shorter, mucosal DNA is lost, Enteral feeding always is indicated and to date nearly all studies have shown that minimal enteral feeding approaches (e.g., 'trophic feeds') promote the capacity to feed enterally. Milk has distinct advantages over formulas in avoiding necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Breast milk is the preferred source of nutrients for newborn infants. The most common methods used are continuous milk infusion and intermittent (bolus) milk delivery (usually every 3 h). Feeding promotes more "normal" feed-fasting and marked differences are observed in feeding tolerance and growth between continuous vs. bolus tube-feeding methods. Continuous feeding is associated with more significant feeding intolerance.
[Isoniazid induced neuropathy: consider prevention].; INTRODUCTION: Antituberculous treatment is effective but has numerous side effects. Among these isoniazid induced neuropathy is easily preventable. CASE REPORT: A female patient of 42 years, infected with HIV, presented with general deterioration associated with an interstitial pulmonary infiltrate and mediastinal lymphadenopathy. Tuberculosis was not confirmed bacteriologically but she responded to antituberculous treatment. Three months later she developed distal leg pains extending proximally. There was superficial sensory impairment up to the groins and loss of the ankle reflexes. The dose of isoniazid was reduced from 5 to 2.5 mg/kg/day on account of slow acetylator status and treatment with pyridoxine 250 mg/day commenced. The clinical signs resolved in a few weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Isoniazid neuropathy develops in the presence of risk factors (HIV, alcoholism, diabetes, renal failure, malnutrition, pregnancy and lactation, neurotoxic medication) and manifests itself initially by burning feet. Pyridoxine is preventative in low dosage and curative in high dosage. The development of symptoms should lead to measurement of acetylator status, and a reduction of the isoniazid dose to 3 mg/kg/day or even less in slow acetylators.
Differential effects of prenatal stress and glucocorticoid administration on postnatal growth and glucose metabolism in rats.; Glucocorticoid administration during pregnancy programmes cardiovascular and metabolic functions in the adult offspring. Often, the control procedures are stressful per se and raise maternal glucocorticoid concentrations. This study compared the effects of maternal injection with dexamethasone (dex, 200 microg/kg) or saline with no treatment from 15 to 20 days of rat pregnancy on offspring growth and glucose metabolism. Near term, maternal corticosterone concentrations were higher in the saline-treated dams and lower in the dex-treated dams relative to untreated animals. In both male and female offspring, growth rate was measured for 14 weeks, and glucose tolerance was assessed between 12 and 13 weeks together with body fat content and plasma concentrations of insulin, leptin, and corticosterone between 14 and 15 weeks. Offspring liver was collected at different ages and was analyzed for glycogen content and gluconeogenic enzyme activity. Compared with untreated animals, both dex and saline treatments altered postnatal growth although adult body weight was unaffected. The two treatments had different effects on adult insulin concentrations and on hepatic glycogen content and gluconeogenic enzyme activities both pre- and postnatally. Relative to untreated animals, adult glucose tolerance was improved by maternal saline injection in males but not in females, while it was impaired in female offspring but not in male offspring of the dex-treated dams. Adult glucose tolerance was related to male body fat content but not to female body fat content. Dex and saline treatments of pregnant rats have differential sex-linked effects on the growth and glucose metabolism of their offspring, which indicates that the programming actions of natural and synthetic glucocorticoids may differ.
[A case of leprechaunism with disorders of insulin-like growth factor-I(IGF-I)/somatomedin C(SMC) binding protein and its receptor].; Leprechaunism is a rare genetic disorder characterized by physical abnormalities, intrauterine and postnatal growth retardation, poorly developed subcutaneous fat and muscle at birth, and early death. This patient, who was a 1.5 year-old female with typical clinical features of leprechaunism, had relatively high levels of plasma GH and IGF-I/SMC but no glucose intolerance or insulin resistance. Studies were undertaken to elucidate (1) the differences among some kinds of methods for IGF-I/SMC measurement, (2) the distribution patterns of IGF-I/SMC between two kinds of its binding protein (SMBP) in plasma, and (3) the dynamics of IGF-I/SMC receptor in her erythrocytes and liver microsomal membranes. The results were as follows: (1) The level of IGF-I/SMC measured by Nichols radioimmunoassay kit was 1.33U/ml, which was higher than that of infants the same age. Conversely, it was lower than that of the control which was measured by radioimmunoassay using recombinant IGF-I/SMC after acid-ethanol or Seppak C18 extraction. (2) By Sephadex G150 gel-chromatography, immunoreactive IGF-I/SMC was eluted predominantly in 150K region, and two apparent peaks of unsaturated somatomedin binding protein (USBP) were determined in a neonatal infant (appropriate to date), a normal adult and an infant of the same age as this patient. On the other hand, immunoreactive IGF-I/SMC was located only in the fractions corresponding to 40K region, and only one peak of USBP could be estimated in the region of 40K dalton. (3) The IGF-I/SMC receptor in the patient's erythrocytes possessed significantly lower binding affinity but higher binding capacity in comparison with that of the normal neonate and adult. In addition, the receptor in liver microsomal membranes obtained from this patient at autopsy also indicated lower affinity but higher capacity than that of fetuses at more than 19 weeks of gestation. This was coincident to that of fetuses less than 19 weeks of gestation. These results suggested that this patient resembled the intrauterine fetus before midgestation not only in the co-relationship among GH, IGF-I/SMC and its binding proteins, but also in the characteristics of its receptor. The severe growth retardation existing in this patient may be, at least partly, due to the abnormality and/or immaturity of IGF-I/SMC function. It is speculated that leprechaunism could be classified in relation to fetal growth mechanism by aspects of biological functions of IGF-I/SMC during development.
Developmental origins of metabolic diseases.; Almost 2 billion adults in the world are overweight, and more than half of them are classified as obese, while nearly one-third of children globally experience poor growth and development. Given the vast amount of knowledge that has been gleaned from decades of research on growth and development, a number of questions remain as to why the world is now in the midst of a global epidemic of obesity accompanied by the "double burden of malnutrition," where overweight coexists with underweight and micronutrient deficiencies. This challenge to the human condition can be attributed to nutritional and environmental exposures during pregnancy that may program a fetus to have a higher risk of chronic diseases in adulthood. To explore this concept, frequently called the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD), this review considers a host of factors and physiological mechanisms that drive a fetus or child toward a higher risk of obesity, fatty liver disease, hypertension, and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D). To that end, this review explores the epidemiology of DOHaD with discussions focused on adaptations to human energetics, placental development, dysmetabolism, and key environmental exposures that act to promote chronic diseases in adulthood. These areas are complementary and additive in understanding how providing the best conditions for optimal growth can create the best possible conditions for lifelong health. Moreover, understanding both physiological as well as epigenetic and molecular mechanisms for DOHaD is vital to most fully address the global issues of obesity and other chronic diseases.
Safety of the AS04-adjuvanted human papillomavirus (HPV)-16/18 vaccine in adolescents aged 12-15 years: end-of-study results from a community-randomized study up to 6.5 years.; This manuscript discloses end-of-study safety data of a community-randomized controlled trial in Finland (NCT00534638), assessing the effectiveness of two vaccination strategies (gender-neutral versus females only) using the AS04-adjuvanted human papillomavirus (HPV)-16/18 (AS04-HPV-16/18) vaccine. The total vaccination cohort included 32,175 adolescents aged 12-15 y at vaccination of whom 14,837 received the AS04-HPV-16/18 vaccine and 17,338 received the hepatitis-B virus vaccine (control). Spontaneous reporting of serious adverse events (SAEs) combined with surveillance using nation-wide health registries showed an acceptable safety profile of the AS04-HPV-16/18 vaccine. During the study period (up to 6.5 y), the incidences (per 100,000 person-years) of reported SAEs considered as possibly related to vaccination were 39.1 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 25.3-57.7) and 39.8 (95%CI: 26.8-56.8) in the HPV and control groups, respectively. The most frequently reported new-onset autoimmune diseases (NOADs) were ulcerative colitis (incidence rates of 28.2 and 33.1 per 100,000 person-years in the HPV and control groups, respectively), insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (21.9 and 37.1), Crohn's disease (15.6 and 22.5), celiac disease (15.6 and 21.2), and juvenile idiopathic arthritis (14.1 and 15.9). Of 1,344 pregnancies reported (777 and 567 in the HPV and control groups, respectively), most resulted in elective termination (58.4% and 58.6%), birth of a live infant (32.7% and 32.3%), or in spontaneous abortion (8.0% and 7.9%). No major, registered congenital anomalies were identified. The incidence rates of NOADs and pregnancy outcomes were generally balanced between groups. No specific safety signals were identified in the population-based health registry surveillance. Plain Language Summary What is the context? ● Since first licensure in 2007 of the AS04-adjuvanted human papillomavirus (HPV)-16/18 vaccine (Cervarix, GSK), large quantity of safety data has been collected and confirmed its safety profile. This study provides further unique, population-based safety data from vaccinated Finnish adolescents monitored via health registries up to 6.5 y of follow-up. What is new? ● The vaccine has shown an acceptable safety profile in girls and boys. The risk of new-onset autoimmune diseases (NOADs) was similar between the HPV vaccine group and the control group and in line with the expectations for the studied population. ● The study supports that safety surveillance via national health registries is in general more sensitive than the conventional safety reporting, notably for monitoring specific chronic diseases, e.g. autoimmune disorders. What is the impact? ● This study highlights the importance of health registries in long-term vaccination safety surveillance. The population-based safety data reported in this study further support the routine administration of the HPV vaccine to girls and boys.
The potential role of bictegravir/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (BIC/FTC/TAF) single-tablet regimen in the expanding spectrum of fixed-dose combination therapy for HIV.; Single-tablet regimens (STRs) of highly safe and effective combination antiretroviral therapy (cART) have had a significant beneficial impact on the clinical outcomes and lives of people living with HIV (PLHIV). As a consequence, healthcare professionals caring for PLHIV in high-income countries have increasingly focused on issues beyond those related to HIV itself, i.e. HIV-related neurological disease, or associated opportunistic infections, which include co-infections, and primarily age- and lifestyle-related comorbidities such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, renal impairment, osteoporosis and frailty. This review considers drug side effects and comorbidities seen in PLHIV and evaluates the role of a recently licensed STR - bictegravir/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (BIC/FTC/TAF) - in mitigating some of those challenges. Factors that need to be evaluated for initial cART regimens include: pretreatment CD4 cell count; plasma HIV RNA; HIV drug resistance; hepatitis B co-infection; HLA-B*5701 status; drug-drug interactions; pregnancy and pregnancy potential; psychiatric and physical comorbidities such as renal or bone disease, as well as simplicity and adherence-friendliness, all of which need to be considered in all lines of therapy. BIC/FTC/TAF constitutes a new STR that includes an unboosted integrase strand transfer inhibitor with a high barrier against resistance with TAF and FTC. Its virological efficacy was non-inferior to dolutegravir-based regimens previously recommended by most guidelines for treatment initiation in large double-blind, randomised clinical trials in treatment-naïve or switch patients over 96 weeks. Tolerability and pharmacological properties of the regimen make it a useful tool to address several of the clinical management issues raised above.
[Clinical usefulness of urinary anti HIV antibody test--a large scale study from 11 institutes in Japan].; An enzyme immuno assay kit has been developed to detect anti-HIV antibody in urine. In order to examine the clinical utility of the kit, 1333 urine samples were assayed. These samples consisted of 233 urine samples from HIV infected patients, 472 samples from HIV uninfected patients including 203 samples from patients with urogenital diseases, and 628 samples from normal subjects. Anti-HIV antibodies were detected in all the urine samples from HIV infected patients, and the diagnostic sensitivity for HIV infection was 100% with no false negative cases. A variety of anti-HIV antibody titers were found in the urine samples from HIV infected patients. However, no significant differences were found in the distribution patterns of urinary anti-HIV antibody titers among AC, ARC and AIDS patients. False positives were determined in only five samples in 628 healthy subjects (0.8%), one in 19 patients with hepatitis (5.3%), one in 45 patients with hemophilia (2.2%) and two in 105 pregnant women (1.9%). The antibody titers of all the false positive samples in these groups were less than the cut-off index multiplied by two. However, relatively high positive rates were demonstrated in the samples from urogenital diseases (11.8%), diabetes mellitus (20.0%) and auto-immune diseases (7.3%). False positive results were found to be directly correlated to the protein concentration of urinary protein, especially the immunoglobulin concentration in urine. The assay system was also evaluated by various reproducibility tests performed by different operators at different laboratories. The test results were satisfactory.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Pitfall in the Diagnosis of Diabetes Insipidus and Pregnancy.; Diabetes insipidus (DI) during pregnancy and the perinatal period is an uncommon medical problem characterized by polyuria and excessive thirst. Diagnosis of DI may be overlooked in the setting of pregnancy, a time when increased water intake and urine output are commonly reported. We report two cases: one of transient DI in a young woman during her third trimester of twin pregnancy in association with acute fatty liver and hypertension and one of postpartum DI secondary to Sheehan syndrome from rupture of a splenic artery aneurysm. These cases illustrate the spectrum with which DI related to pregnancy and delivery can present and highlight the difficulty in making the diagnosis since the symptoms are often initially overlooked.
Pregnancy loss in the Philippines.; In this cross-sectional study, 8,481 women aged 15-49 who had at least one pregnancy outcome were considered. This study aimed to examine the characteristics of Filipino women having had a pregnancy loss, and to test the association between domestic violence and pregnancy loss. To control for the confounding effect of the number of pregnancies, the sample was divided into seven groups classified by the number of pregnancies. The risk factors considered were demographic characters (age and partner's age, marital status, and place of residence), socioeconomic status (education and partner's education, having a paid helper at home, having a say in how income was spent), domestic violence (physical abuse and forced sex), sexual behavior of partner, whether the pregnancy was wanted, and disease history (tuberculosis, diabetes, hypertension, malaria, hepatitis, kidney disease, heart disease, anemia, goiter and other medical problems). The major risk factors were found to be physical abuse, region, faithfulness of partners, hypertension, hepatitis, kidney disease, anemia, and the other medical problems, respectively. The risk of pregnancy loss for the women suffering domestic violence was 1.59 (95% CI 1.28-1.97) times higher than for the women who did not. Women aged 15-19 years had a much higher risk of pregnancy loss than the other age groups (OR = 1.49, 95% CI 1.22-1.82). There were similar risk for women aged 20-24 years (OR = 1.08, 95% CI 0.94-1.25) and 35-39 years (OR = 1.05, 95% CI 0.92-1.19). No association emerged with marital status, socioeconomic status, forced sex, the number of partners, unwanted pregnancy, tuberculosis, diabetes, malaria, heart disease, and goiter. Although women's age, partner's age, residence, women's education, partner's education, and paid helper at home were significantly associated with pregnancy loss, they were likely to be confounders rather than risk factors.
Increased plasma leptin attenuates adaptive metabolism in early lactating dairy cows.; Mammals meet the increased nutritional demands of lactation through a combination of increased feed intake and a collection of adaptations known as adaptive metabolism (e.g., glucose sparing via insulin resistance, mobilization of endogenous reserves, and increased metabolic efficiency via reduced thyroid hormones). In the modern dairy cow, adaptive metabolism predominates over increased feed intake at the onset of lactation and develops concurrently with a reduction in plasma leptin. To address the role of leptin in the adaptive metabolism of early lactation, we asked which adaptations could be countered by a constant 96-h intravenous infusion of human leptin (hLeptin) starting on day 8 of lactation. Compared to saline infusion (Control), hLeptin did not alter energy intake or milk energy output but caused a modest increase in body weight loss. hLeptin reduced plasma glucose by 9% and hepatic glycogen content by 73%, and these effects were associated with a 17% increase in glucose disposal during an insulin tolerance test. hLeptin attenuated the accumulation of triglyceride in the liver by 28% in the absence of effects on plasma levels of the anti-lipolytic hormone insulin or plasma levels of free fatty acids, a marker of lipid mobilization from adipose tissue. Finally, hLeptin increased the plasma concentrations of T4 and T3 by nearly 50% without affecting other neurally regulated hormones (i.e., cortisol and luteinizing hormone (LH)). Overall these data implicate the periparturient reduction in plasma leptin as one of the signals promoting conservation of glucose and energy at the onset of lactation in the energy-deficient dairy cow.
Obesogenic Diet in Mice Leads to Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in the Mother in Association with Sex-Specific Changes in Fetal Development, Inflammatory Markers and Placental Transcriptome.; BACKGROUND: Obesity during pregnancy is related to adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Factors involved in these outcomes may include increased maternal insulin resistance, inflammation, oxidative stress, and nutrient mishandling. The placenta is the primary determinant of fetal outcomes, and its function can be impacted by maternal obesity. The aim of this study on mice was to determine the effect of obesity on maternal lipid handling, inflammatory and redox state, and placental oxidative stress, inflammatory signaling, and gene expression relative to female and male fetal growth. METHODS: Female mice were fed control or obesogenic high-fat/high-sugar diet (HFHS) from 9 weeks prior to, and during, pregnancy. On day 18.5 of pregnancy, maternal plasma, and liver, placenta, and fetal serum were collected to examine the immune and redox states. The placental labyrinth zone (Lz) was dissected for RNA-sequencing analysis of gene expression changes. RESULTS: the HFHS diet induced, in the dams, hepatic steatosis, oxidative stress (reduced catalase, elevated protein oxidation) and the activation of pro-inflammatory pathways (p38-MAPK), along with imbalanced circulating cytokine concentrations (increased IL-6 and decreased IL-5 and IL-17A). HFHS fetuses were asymmetrically growth-restricted, showing sex-specific changes in circulating cytokines (GM-CSF, TNF-α, IL-6 and IFN-γ). The morphology of the placenta Lz was modified by an HFHS diet, in association with sex-specific alterations in the expression of genes and proteins implicated in oxidative stress, inflammation, and stress signaling. Placental gene expression changes were comparable to that seen in models of intrauterine inflammation and were related to a transcriptional network involving transcription factors, LYL1 and PLAG1. CONCLUSION: This study shows that fetal growth restriction with maternal obesity is related to elevated oxidative stress, inflammatory pathways, and sex-specific placental changes. Our data are important, given the marked consequences and the rising rates of obesity worldwide.
Maternal nutritional history modulates the hepatic IGF-IGFBP axis in adult male rat offspring.; Alterations in early life nutrition lead to an increased risk of obesity and metabolic syndrome in offspring. We have shown that both relative maternal undernutrition (UN) and maternal obesity result in metabolic derangements in offspring, independent of the postnatal dietary environment. Since insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) has been shown to be independently associated with obesity and diabetes risk, we examined the IGF-IGFBP axis in male rat offspring following either maternal UN or maternal obesity to explain possible common pathways in the development of metabolic disorders. Wistar rats were time-mated and fed either a control diet (CONT), 50 % of CONT (UN) or a high-fat (HF) diet throughout pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned onto a standard chow diet and blood and tissues were collected at postnatal day 160. Plasma and hepatic tissue samples were analysed for key players in the IGF-IGFBP system. Both maternal UN and HF resulted in increased fat mass, hyperinsulinemia, hyperleptinemia and altered blood lipid profiles in offspring compared to CONT. Circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP3 levels and hepatic mRNA expression of IGFBP1 and IGFBP2 were significantly decreased in UN and HF offspring compared to CONT. DNA methylation of the IGFBP2 promotor region was similar between maternal dietary groups. Although chaperone gene heat-shock protein 90 and hepatic IGFBP1 were significantly correlated in CONT offspring this effect was absent in both UN and HF offspring. In conclusion, this study is one of the first to directly compare two experimental models of developmental programming representing both ends of the maternal dietary spectrum. Our data suggest that two disparate nutritional models that elicit similar adverse metabolic phenotypes in offspring are characterised by common alterations in the IGF-IGFBP pathway.
Impact of waist-hip-ratio and body-mass-index on hormonal and metabolic parameters in young, obese women.; BACKGROUND: To investigate the impact of predominantly upper body fat localisation on the hormonal and metabolic profile in obese, infertile women. DESIGN: Prospective observational study of premenopausal women with obesity, infertility and menstrual dysfunction. SETTING: Department of Endocrinology and Reproduction of the University Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynaecology of Heidelberg. SUBJECTS: Eighteen women with android type obesity (waist-hip-ratio = WHR > 0.85, group 1) and 22 women with gynoid type obesity (WHR < or = 0.85, group 2) in a group of 58 premenopausal obese women (median age 28 y) with infertility. Twenty-nine women took part in a weight reducing program lasting 32 +/- 14 (mean +/- s.d.) weeks. MEASUREMENTS: BMI, WHR and blood pressure. Plasma lipids and liver enzymes. Blood glucose, insulin, C-peptide and different steroid and pituitary hormones during oral glucose loading. RESULTS: In the total group of 58 obese women, WHR was directly correlated to plasma triglycerides, AST, ALT and cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol-ratio. WHR correlated inversely with HDL-cholesterol. Insulin resistance was greater with increasing WHR. Systolic blood pressure, glucose, insulin, C-peptide, triglycerides, cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol-ratio, aspartate (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were significantly greater in group 1. Group 2 had greater HDL-cholesterol levels. One subject in group 1, five women in group 2 conceived spontaneously after weight reduction. CONCLUSIONS: Determination of the WHR is a simple measurement to identify obese patients who are at a greater risk of developing the metabolic syndrome. WHR is important in preventive medicine, as typical metabolic profiles are already present in young women before clinical manifestation. Women with android obesity seem to be more prone to develop menstrual irregularity and infertility. The hyperinsulinaemia may be the pathway.
Low-dose developmental bisphenol A exposure alters fatty acid metabolism in Fischer 344 rat offspring.; BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) is an endocrine disruptor and also a suggested obesogen and metabolism-disrupting chemical. Accumulating data indicates that the fatty acid (FA) profile and their ratios in plasma and other metabolic tissues are associated with metabolic disorders. Stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD-1) is a key regulator of lipid metabolism and its activity can be estimated by dividing the FA product by its precursor measured in blood or other tissues. OBJECTIVE: The primary aim of this study was to investigate the effect of low-dose developmental BPA exposure on tissue-specific FA composition including estimated SCD-1 activity, studied in 5- and 52-week (wk)-old Fischer 344 (F344) rat offspring. METHODS: Pregnant F344 rats were exposed to BPA via their drinking water corresponding to 0: [CTRL], 0.5: [BPA0.5], or 50 µg/kg BW/day: [BPA50], from gestational day 3.5 until postnatal day 22. RESULTS: BPA0.5 increased SCD-16 (estimated as the 16:1n-7/16:0 ratio) and SCD-18 (estimated as the 18:1n-9/18:0 ratio) indices in inguinal white adipose tissue triglycerides (iWAT-TG) and in plasma cholesterol esters (PL-CE), respectively, in 5-wk-old male offspring. In addition, BPA0.5 altered the FA composition in male offspring, e.g. by decreasing levels of the essential polyunsaturated FA linoleic acid (18:2n-6) in iWAT-and liver-TG. No differences were observed regarding the studied FAs in 52-wk-old offspring, although a slightly increased BW was observed in 52-wk-old female offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose developmental BPA exposure increased SCD-16 in iWAT-TG and SCD-18 in PL-CE of male offspring, which may reflect higher SCD-1 activity in these tissues. Altered desaturation activity and signs of altered FA composition are novel findings that may indicate insulin resistance in the rat offspring. These aforementioned results, together with the observed increased BW, adds to previously published data demonstrating that BPA can act as a metabolism disrupting chemical.
Perinatal Treatment with Leptin, but Not Celastrol, Protects from Metabolically Obese, Normal-Weight Phenotype in Rats.; Perinatal nutrition has a well-known influence on obesity susceptibility. We previously demonstrated the protective anti-obesity effects of perinatal leptin administration. Celastrol is a natural compound acting as a leptin sensitizer with anti-obesity effects when administered in adult animals. Here, we aimed to determine if perinatal treatment with leptin, celastrol, or their combination was able to improve metabolic health in animals fed an isocaloric high-fat (HF) diet. Leptin and/or celastrol or their vehicle were administered orally to rats during the suckling period. After weaning, animals were chronically pair-fed with an HF diet provided isocaloric to the intake of a normal-fat diet by control animals to avoid obesity. Isocaloric HF feeding in vehicle-treated animals resulted in metabolic features characteristic of the metabolically obese, normal-weight (MONW) phenotype, i.e., obesity-related disturbances without increased body weight. Leptin treatment prevented liver fat deposition and insulin resistance, induced greater insulin and leptin signaling capacity, decreased gene expression of orexigenic signals at the hypothalamic level, and induced browning in retroperitoneal adipose tissue. However, celastrol treatment did not provide any protective effect and resulted in greater size of the retroperitoneal adipose depot, higher circulating glucose and insulin levels, and decreased leptin sensitivity capacity in adipose tissue. The co-administration of leptin ameliorated the negative effects of celastrol on the retroperitoneal depot, inducing browning and decreasing its size. In conclusion, the perinatal administration of leptin, but not celastrol, provided protection against the consequences of dietary unbalances leading to an MONW phenotype in adulthood.
Transient Congenital Hypothyroidism Alters Gene Expression of Glucose Transporters and Impairs Glucose Sensing Apparatus in Young and Aged Offspring Rats.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Transient congenital hypothyroidism (TCH) could disturb carbohydrate metabolism in adulthood. Aging is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. This study aims to address effects of TCH on mRNA expressions of glucose transporters (GLUTs) and glucokinase (GcK) in islets and insulin target tissues of aged offspring rats. METHODS: The TCH group received water containing 0.025% 6-propyl-2-thiouracil during gestation. Offspring from control and TCH groups (n=6 in each group) were followed until month 19. Gene expressions of GLUTs and GcK were measured at months 3 and 19. RESULTS: Compared to controls, aged TCH rats had higher GLUT4 expression in heart (4.88 fold) and soleus (6.91 fold), while expression was lower in epididymal fat (12%). In TCH rats, GLUT2 and GcK expressions in islets were lower in young (12% and 10%, respectively) and higher in aged (10.85 and 8.42 fold, respectively) rats. In addition, liver GLUT2 and GcK expressions were higher in young (13.11 and 21.15 fold, respectively) and lower in aged rats (44% and 5%, respectively). CONCLUSION: Thyroid hormone deficiency during fetal period impaired glucose sensing apparatus and changed glucose transporter expression in insulin-sensitive tissues of aged offspring rats. These changes may contribute to impaired carbohydrate metabolism.
Latino health in Los Angeles: family medicine in a changing minority context.; The inner city population of the Los Angeles county has rapidly become largely Latino. The 3.3 million Latinos living in the county in 1990 had much higher poverty rates and lower educational attainment rates than Anglo (non-Hispanic white) or blacks. The health indicators of the three groups are compared for 1990. In birth outcome, although Latinos were the least likely to receive care in the first trimester, Latinos and Anglos had identical rates of low birth weight babies, and lower rates than blacks. Latino infant mortality was the lowest of the three. The age-adjusted death rates showed that Latinos have a lower overall death rate than Anglos or blacks, and lower specific rates for heart disease, cancer, AIDS and stroke. Latinos did have higher death rates than Anglos for accidents, homicides, cirrhosis and diabetes. Latinos had incidence rates of gonorrhoea and syphilis similar to Anglos and lower than blacks. The communicable disease rates for Latinos was many times higher than Anglos or blacks, including those for measles, shigellosis, giardiasis and hepatitis A. Implications for family medicine are discussed.
Hormonal control of cholesterogenesis and related enzymes in isolated rat hepatocytes during pre- and postnatal development.; The effect of glucagon and insulin on the incorporation of 1-14C-acetate into cholesterol and fatty acids and on the enzymes involved in the first steps of cholesterol synthesis (3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A reductase, 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A synthase, and acetoacetyl-coenzyme A thiolase) was investigated. Isolated rat hepatocytes at different stages of fetal and postnatal development were employed. Data obtained show the appearance of hormonal control on the 18th day of fetal life, indicating the same pattern, as regards acetate incorporation and HMGCoA reductase prepared and assayed in the presence of NaF. On the contrary, HMGCoA reductase, prepared without NaF, HMGCoA synthase, and acetoacetyl CoA thiolase, does not appear to respond to hormonal stimulation. In the perinatal period, the hormonal effect is no longer detectable, probably because of a hormone resistance of this metabolic pathway.
Placental glycogen accumulation and maternal-fetal metabolic responses in hyperglycaemic non-diabetic rats.; The effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on glycogen and triglyceride accumulation in the feto-placental unit of non-diabetic rats was studied. Hyperglycaemia was induced by continuous infusion of a 400 g/l glucose solution at the rate of 2-4 g/hr/kg, from day 18.5-20.5 of gestation. Hyperglycaemic mothers were hyperinsulinaemic; their fetuses were hyperglycaemic but their insulin levels were comparable with those of control pregnant rats (infused with a 50 g/l glucose solution at the same rate). Fetal pancreas insulin content in the hyperglycaemic fetuses was pronouncedly reduced. The hyperglycaemia produced an approximately 2-fold increase in placental glycogen content in association with increased activities of placental glycogen synthase and phosphorylase. Maternal serum triglycerides fell concomitant with the hyperglycaemia. Placental triglyceride content of hyperglycaemic rats did not change significantly, whereas up to a 2-fold increase in maternal and fetal liver triglyceride concentration was observed. There was no change in fetal and placental weight. Since we have shown previously an increase in both placental glycogen and triglycerides in diabetic rats with hyperglycaemia, concomitant with elevation of plasma triglycerides and free fatty acids, the present experiments demonstrate that these 2 factors causing placental glycogen and triglyceride accumulation can be dissociated. On the other hand, maternal and fetal liver triglycerides accumulate in the hyperglycaemic rats probably as a result of local de vovo lipogenesis.
Prepartal standing behavior as a parameter for early detection of postpartal subclinical ketosis associated with inflammation and liver function biomarkers in peripartal dairy cows.; A degree of negative energy balance is commonly experienced by cows during early lactation. This physiological state, if pronounced or prolonged, leads to partial oxidation of nonesterified fatty acids as an energy source and, consequently, increasing blood β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentrations and potentially development of ketosis in postpartal dairy cows. Twenty-four multiparous Holstein cows received a common prepartal and postpartal diet. Cows were fitted with an accelerometer mounted laterally on the distal left hind leg using vet wrap from -30 to 15 d relative to parturition. A retrospective analysis was performed using the postpartal BHB data at 8 time points from 0 to 15 d in milk measured with the Precision Xtra (Abbott Diabetes Care, Alameda, CA). Cows with an average blood BHB <1.4 mmol/L were designated nonketotic (NONKET; n = 12), and those with ≥1.4 mmol/L were designated ketotic (KET; n = 12). A total of 8 samples per cow were used for this analysis. Subsequent analyses of behavioral patterns and blood biomarkers were performed using this group effect. On average, blood BHB reached subclinical levels (1.4 ± 0.3 mmol/L; mean ± standard error of the mean) at 3 d postpartum for all cows in this study. Behavioral patterns were obtained from accelerometer data, and correlation analysis was performed between these behaviors such as standing and lying time from -30 to 3 d relative to parturition and blood BHB concentration at 3 d postpartum. The strongest correlation was obtained between standing time at 3 d before calving and blood BHB at 3 d postpartum. Dry matter intake was greater (ca. 3 kg/d) in NONKET cows than in KET cows. An interaction of group × time for milk yield resulted in an overall increase of 5.7 kg/d in NONKET cows in comparison with KET. The blood concentrations of biomarkers for liver function (γ-glutamyltransferase and glutamic-oxaloacetic transaminase), inflammation (IL-6), and metabolism (nonesterified fatty acids) were increased at various time points in KET cows in comparison with NONKET during the transition period. Overall, lower bilirubin in NONKET cows than in KET further confirmed an impaired liver function in the latter group of cows. Our findings revealed the potential for establishing correlations between prepartal behavioral patterns derived from accelerometer data and postpartal subclinical ketosis, and further confirming the latter by physiological alterations in biomarkers related to inflammation and liver function. Our data also indicate that cows with a predisposition to postpartal subclinical or clinical ketosis will remain standing for fewer hours during the days leading to parturition, which decreased DMI, and this condition was further reflected in lower milk yield.
The lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio in cases associated with fetomaternal disease.; The efficacy of correlating the L/S ratio in the amniotic fluid with fetal lung maturity has been substantiated in normal pregnancies. In gestations complicated by fetomaternal diseases, however, the assay is less reliable. This study involves 555 pregnancies in which there was a significant maternal, fetal, or placental disorder. The L/S ratio was related to fetal respiratory maturity as measured by Dubowitz criteria and the occurrence of RDS. The results show that pre-eclampsia, chronic hypertension, diabetes (Class D, E, F), significant cardiovascular disease, severe hemoglobinopathies, various congenital anomalies, chronic placental insufficiency, and prolonged ruptured membranes accelerated the L/S ration. Conversely, mild diabetes (Class B, C), intrinsic renal disease, hepatitis, collagen disease, hydrops fetalis, syphilis, and toxoplasmosis were associated with a delay in the L/S ratio. A significant increase in erroneous responses was noted in these patients when the L/S ratio was correlated to infant maturity and to the incidence of RDS. Possible mechanisms for these findings are discussed.
Anti-hyperglycemic activity of myricetin, through inhibition of DPP-4 and enhanced GLP-1 levels, is attenuated by co-ingestion with lectin-rich protein.; Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a proteolytic enzyme responsible for the rapid degradation of Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) that is required for the secretion of insulin. DPP-4 also influences activation of node like receptor family, pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome under diabetic conditions. Although several polyphenols are reported for various bioactivities, they are consumed as part of the food matrix and not in isolation. Horsegram (Macrotyloma uniflorum) is a rich source of myricetin (Myr) (35 μg/g flour), reported for its anti-hyperglycemic effect. In this investigation, we aimed to study the effect of Myr, singly, and in the presence of co-nutrient horsegram protein (HP) on DPP-4 activity and its consequential impact on GLP-1, insulin, and NLRP3 inflammasome in high-fat diet and single low dose streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic male Wistar rats. In diabetic control (DC), the activity of DPP-4 and its expression were higher compared to treated groups. The consequential decrease in the circulating GLP-1 levels in the DC group, but not treated groups, further indicated the effectiveness of our test molecules under diabetic conditions. Specifically, Myr decreased DPP-4 activity and its expression levels with enhanced circulating GLP-1 and insulin levels. Myr administration also resulted in a lessening of diabetes-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation and enhanced antioxidant enzyme activities. HP also proved to be efficient in reducing elevated blood glucose levels and enhancing antioxidant enzyme activities. However, Myr, in the presence of HP as a co-nutrient, had diminished capacity to inhibit DPP-4 and, consequently, reduced potential in ameliorating diabetic conditions. Myr proved to be a potent inhibitor of DPP-4 in vitro and in vivo, resulting in enhanced circulating GLP-1 and insulin levels, thereby improving diabetic conditions. Though Myr and HP, individually ameliorate diabetic conditions, their dietary combination had reduced efficiency.
Maternal high-calorie diet is associated with altered hepatic microRNA expression and impaired metabolic health in offspring at weaning age.; High-calorie diet (HCD) feeding in mice predisposes offspring for impaired glucose homeostasis and obesity. However, the mechanisms underlying these detrimental effects of maternal nutrition, especially during early life of offspring, are incompletely understood. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that can regulate target gene expression. Here we hypothesized that impaired metabolic health in offspring from HCD-fed dams at weaning is associated with dysregulated expression of hepatic miRNAs. Dams were fed a chow diet (CD; 11.4 % kcal fat, 62.8 % from carbohydrate, 25.8 % from protein) or HCD (58 % kcal from fat; 25.6 % from carbohydrate, 16.4 % from protein) during gestation and lactation, and metabolic health was assessed in male offspring at weaning. Hepatic levels of miRNAs and target genes were investigated in offspring from CD- or HCD-fed dams using gene and protein expression. Maternal HCD feeding impaired metabolic health in offspring compared to offspring from CD-fed dams. Microarray analysis indicated that expressions of miR-615-5p, miR-3079-5p, miR-124*, and miR-101b* were downregulated, whereas miR-143* was upregulated, in livers from offspring from HCD-fed dams. Our functional enrichment analysis indicated that the target genes of these differentially expressed miRNAs, including tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and mitogen-activated protein kinase 1 (MAPK1), were mapped to inflammatory pathways. Finally, we verified that both mRNA and protein levels of the pro-inflammatory modulators TNF-α and MAPK1 were significantly increased in livers of offspring from HCD-fed dams at weaning. Maternal HCD feeding predisposes offspring to a higher body weight and impaired glucose metabolism at weaning. To the best of knowledge, our study is the first to show that maternal HCD consumption impairs metabolic health, modulates hepatic miRNA expression, and increases markers of hepatic inflammation in offspring as early as at weaning age.
FGF-21 and skeletal remodeling during and after lactation in C57BL/6J mice.; Lactation is associated with significant alterations in both body composition and bone mass. Systemic and local skeletal factors such as receptor activator of nuclear factor κ-B ligand (RANKL), PTHrP, calcitonin, and estrogen are known to regulate bone remodeling during and after lactation. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) may function as an endocrine factor to regulate body composition changes during lactation by inducing gluconeogenesis and fatty acid oxidation. In this study, we hypothesized that the metabolic changes during lactation were due in part to increased circulating FGF-21, which in turn could accentuate bone loss. We longitudinally characterized body composition in C57BL/6J (B6) mice during (day 7 and day 21 of lactation) and after normal lactation (day 21 postlactation). At day 7 of lactation, areal bone density declined by 10% (P < .001), bone resorption increased (P < .0001), percent fat decreased by 20%, energy expenditure increased (P < .01), and markers of brown-like adipogenesis were suppressed in the inguinal depot and in preformed brown adipose tissue. At day 7 of lactation there was a 2.4-fold increase in serum FGF-21 vs baseline (P < .0001), a 8-fold increase in hepatic FGF-21 mRNA (P < .03), a 2-fold increase in undercarboxylated osteocalcin (Glu13 OCn) (P < .01), and enhanced insulin sensitivity. Recovery of total areal bone density was noted at day 21 of lactation, whereas the femoral trabecular bone volume fraction was still reduced (P < .01). Because FGF-21 levels rose rapidly at day 7 of lactation in B6 lactating mice, we next examined lactating mice with a deletion in the Fgf21 gene. Trabecular and cortical bone masses were maintained throughout lactation in FGF-21(-/-) mice, and pup growth was normal. Compared with lactating control mice, lactating FGF-21(-/-) mice exhibited an increase in bone formation, but no change in bone resorption. In conclusion, in addition to changes in calciotropic hormones, systemic FGF-21 plays a role in skeletal remodeling and changes in body composition during lactation in B6 mice.
Sirt1-PPARS Cross-Talk in Complex Metabolic Diseases and Inherited Disorders of the One Carbon Metabolism.; Sirtuin1 (Sirt1) has a NAD (+) binding domain and modulates the acetylation status of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α (PGC1α) and Fork Head Box O1 transcription factor (Foxo1) according to the nutritional status. Sirt1 is decreased in obese patients and increased in weight loss. Its decreased expression explains part of the pathomechanisms of the metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus type 2 (DT2), cardiovascular diseases and nonalcoholic liver disease. Sirt1 plays an important role in the differentiation of adipocytes and in insulin signaling regulated by Foxo1 and phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase (PI3K) signaling. Its overexpression attenuates inflammation and macrophage infiltration induced by a high fat diet. Its decreased expression plays a prominent role in the heart, liver and brain of rat as manifestations of fetal programming produced by deficit in vitamin B12 and folate during pregnancy and lactation through imbalanced methylation/acetylation of PGC1α and altered expression and methylation of nuclear receptors. The decreased expression of Sirt1 produced by impaired cellular availability of vitamin B12 results from endoplasmic reticulum stress through subcellular mislocalization of ELAVL1/HuR protein that shuttles Sirt1 mRNA between the nucleus and cytoplasm. Preclinical and clinical studies of Sirt1 agonists have produced contrasted results in the treatment of the metabolic syndrome. A preclinical study has produced promising results in the treatment of inherited disorders of vitamin B12 metabolism.
Marfan syndrome with neonatal progeroid syndrome-like lipodystrophy associated with a novel frameshift mutation at the 3' terminus of the FBN1-gene.; We report on a 25-year-old woman with pronounced generalized lipodystrophy and a progeroid aspect since birth, who also had Marfan syndrome (MFS; fulfilling the Ghent criteria) with mild skeletal features, dilated aortic bulb, dural ectasia, bilateral subluxation of the lens, and severe myopia in addition to the severe generalized lipodystrophy. She lacked insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatic steatosis, and diabetes. Mutation analysis in the gene encoding fibrillin 1 (FBN1) revealed a novel de novo heterozygous deletion, c.8155_8156del2 in exon 64. The severe generalized lipodystrophy in this patient with progeroid features has not previously been described in other patients with MFS and FBN1 mutations. We did not find a mutation in genes known to be associated with congenital lipodystrophy (APGAT2, BSCL2, CAV1, PTRF-CAVIN, PPARG, LMNB2) or with Hutchinson-Gilford progeria (ZMPSTE24, LMNA/C). Other progeria syndromes were considered unlikely because premature greying, hypogonadism, and scleroderma-like skin disease were not present. Our patient shows striking similarity to two patients who have been published in this journal by O'Neill et al. [O'Neill et al. (2007); Am J Med Genet Part A 143A:1421-1430] with the diagnosis of neonatal progeroid syndrome (NPS). This condition also known as Wiedemann-Rautenstrauch syndrome is a rare disorder characterized by accelerated aging and lipodystrophy from birth, poor postnatal weight gain, and characteristic facial features. The course is usually progressive with early lethality. However this entity seems heterogeneous. We suggest that our patient and the two similar cases described before represent a new entity, a subgroup of MFS with overlapping features to NPS syndrome.
Access to health care among female prisoners in a penitentiary in Ceará, Brazil.; This study investigated access to health care among female prisoners in the state of Ceará, Brazil, and screened for common mental disorders. We conducted an analytical cross-sectional study in the only female prison in the state. Ninety detainees participated in the study. All participants were either pregnant or postpartum women or had one or more of the following health problems: hypertension, diabetes mellitus, tuberculosis, syphilis, hepatitis B, HIV/AIDS. The data were collected using a structured questionnaire. The findings reveal that access to health care was limited, violating the fundamental rights of the prisoners. Screening for diseases on admission to prison was limited, especially among non-pregnant women. Differences in health care were found between health conditions, with priority being given to pregnant and postpartum women. Most of the inmates (68.24%) were found to be at risk for common mental disorders (SRQ score > 7). A positive correlation was found between age and mental health problems (p = 0.0002). Despite legislation guaranteeing access to health care in prisons, the prison system is unprepared to meet the health needs of female prisoners with comorbidities and pregnant and puerperal women.
S3 Guideline for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris, update - Short version part 2 - Special patient populations and treatment situations.; The German guideline for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris was updated using GRADE methodology. The guideline is based on a systematic literature review completed on December 1, 2016, and on a formal consensus and approval process. The second part of this short version of the guideline covers the following special patient populations and treatment situations: tuberculosis screening before and during psoriasis treatment, choice of psoriasis treatment for individuals wishing to have children, as well as during pregnancy and breast-feeding, and patients with joint involvement and vaccinations. In addition, recommendations on the choice of treatment are presented for patients with the following comorbidities: hepatitis and other hepatic impairment, HIV, malignancies, neurological and psychiatric disorders, ischemic heart disease and congestive heart failure, diabetes mellitus, renal impairment and inflammatory bowel disease.
Role of microRNA-122 in hepatic lipid metabolism of the weanling female rat offspring exposed to prenatal and postnatal caloric restriction.; We examined the role of hepatocyte micro-RNA-122 and hypothalamic neuropeptides, in weanling (21d) female rats exposed to calorie restriction induced growth restriction either prenatally (IUGR), postnatally (PNGR) or both (IPGR) vs. ad lib fed controls (CON). IUGR were hyperinsulinemic, hyperleptinemic and dyslipidemic with high circulating miR-122. In contrast, PNGR and IPGR displayed insufficient glucose, insulin and leptin amidst high ketones with a dichotomy in circulating miR-122 of PNGR<IPGR = CON. Examination of livers revealed a reduction in miR-122 expression in PNGR and IPGR reflecting the hepatic size. This reduction of hepatic miR-122 was associated with an increase in specific target transcripts (ALDO-A, BCKDK, PPAR-β) and those mediating fatty acid oxidation (PGC-1α, CPT-1α), with a concomitant suppression of fatty acid and cholesterol synthesizing transcripts (FAS, HMGCR). Functionally, these changes correlated with increased fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial CPT1α enzyme activity ex vivo. In vitro physiologic (serum starvation) and genetic manipulation of miR-122 in H4IIE hepatoma cells revealed fidelity in regulating ALDO-A/BCKDK, but an infidelity in perturbing fatty acid/cholesterol synthesizing and oxidizing gene transcripts. Nevertheless, changes in endogenous miR-122 maintained singular directionality while altering FAS/HMGCR and CPT-1α/PGC-1α, almost reflecting each other, and thereby maintaining a balance in fatty acid/cholesterol supply necessary to meet the in vitro demands of these rapidly proliferating transformed cells. Successive microarray based analysis, comparing IPGR to CON demonstrated differential expression of hypothalamic genes mediating cell proliferation and survival, appetite/energy balance, circadian rhythm and obesity/diabetes. We conclude that miR-122 regulates genes mediating fatty acid/cholesterol metabolism in postnatal female rats, fueling the energy demand.
Maternal and Post-weaning High-Fat Diets Produce Distinct DNA Methylation Patterns in Hepatic Metabolic Pathways within Specific Genomic Contexts.; Calorie-dense high-fat diets (HF) are associated with detrimental health outcomes, including obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Both pre- and post-natal HF diets have been hypothesized to negatively impact long-term metabolic health via epigenetic mechanisms. To understand how the timing of HF diet intake impacts DNA methylation and metabolism, male Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to either maternal HF (MHF) or post-weaning HF diet (PHF). At post-natal week 12, PHF rats had similar body weights but greater hepatic lipid accumulation compared to the MHF rats. Genome-wide DNA methylation was evaluated, and analysis revealed 1744 differentially methylation regions (DMRs) between the groups with the majority of the DMR located outside of gene-coding regions. Within differentially methylated genes (DMGs), intragenic DNA methylation closer to the transcription start site was associated with lower gene expression, whereas DNA methylation further downstream was positively correlated with gene expression. The insulin and phosphatidylinositol (PI) signaling pathways were enriched with 25 DMRs that were associated with 20 DMGs, including PI3 kinase (Pi3k), pyruvate kinase (Pklr), and phosphodiesterase 3 (Pde3). Together, these results suggest that the timing of HF diet intake determines DNA methylation and gene expression patterns in hepatic metabolic pathways that target specific genomic contexts.
Prenatal stress induces sex- and tissue-specific alterations in insulin pathway of Wistar rats offspring.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Prenatal stress may lead to tissue and sex-specific cardiometabolic disorders in the offspring through imbalances in the insulin signaling pathway. Therefore, we aimed to determine the sex-specific adaptations of prenatal stress on the insulin signaling pathway of cardiac and hepatic tissue of adult offspring Wistar rats. METHODS: Wistar pregnant rats were divided into control and stress groups. Unpredictable stress protocol was performed from the 14th to the 21st day of pregnancy. After lactation, the dams were euthanized and blood was collected for corticosterone measurement and the offspring were separated into four groups according to sex and intervention (n=8/group). At 90 days old, the offspring were submitted to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and an insulin tolerance test (ITT). After euthanasia blood collection was used for biochemical analysis and the left ventricle and liver were used for protein expression and histological analysis. RESULTS: Stress increased maternal corticosterone levels, and in the offspring, decreased glucose concentration in both OGTT and ITT, reduced insulin receptor (Irβ) and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1) activation and reduced insulin receptor inhibition (PTP1B) in the liver of male offspring at 90 days old, without repercussions in cardiac tissue. Moreover, female offspring submitted to prenatal stress exhibited reduced fatty acid uptake, with lower hepatic CD36 expression, reduced high density lipoprotein (cHDL) and increased Castelli risk indexes I and II. CONCLUSIONS: Unpredictable prenatal stress evoked reduced insulin sensitivity and liver-specific impairment in insulin signaling activation in male while increasing markers of cardiovascular risk in females.
Complications of obesity.; The major diseases associated with obesity are hypertension, atherosclerosis, and diabetes, as well as certain types of cancer. Less well-known complications include hepatic steatosis, gallbladder disease, pulmonary function impairment, endocrine abnormalities, obstetric complications, trauma to the weight-bearing joints, gout, cutaneous disease, proteinuria, increased hemoglobin concentration, and possibly immunologic impairment. A U- or J-shaped curve illustrates the relation between body mass index and the degree of these various complications. This relationship can be used to provide guidelines for assessing treatment of obesity.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. II. Pharmacokinetics, whole-animal performance, and lipid metabolism.; Dairy cows cope with severe energy insufficiency in early lactation by engaging in intense and sustained mobilization of fatty acids from adipose tissue. An unwanted side effect of this adaptation is excessive lipid accumulation in the liver, which in turn impairs hepatic functions. Mice experiencing increased hepatic fatty acid flux are protected from this condition through coordinated actions of the newly described hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) on liver and adipose tissue. The possibility of an analogous role for FGF21 in dairy cows is suggested by its rapid increase in plasma levels around parturition followed by chronically elevated levels in the first few weeks of lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 ± 2.2 (± standard error) of lactation to receive either an excipient (control; n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight (BW) followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at a rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic BW for 9 consecutive days. After bolus administration, human FGF21 circulated with a half-life of 194 min, and its constant infusion increased total plasma concentration 117-fold over levels in excipient-infused cows. The FGF21 treatment had no effect on voluntary feed intake, milk yield, milk energy output, or net energy balance measured over the 9-d infusion or on final BW. Plasma fatty acids circulated at lower concentrations in the FGF21 group than in the control group for the 8-h period following bolus administration, but this reduction was not significant during the period of constant i.v. infusion. Treatment with FGF21 caused a 50% reduction in triglyceride content in liver biopsies taken at the end of the constant i.v. infusion without altering the mRNA abundance of key genes involved in the transport, acyl coenzyme A activation, or oxidation of fatty acids. In contrast, FGF21 treatment ablated the recovery of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 seen in control cows during the 9-d i.v. infusion period despite a tendency for higher plasma growth hormone. This effect was associated with increased hepatic mRNA abundance of the intracellular inhibitor of growth hormone receptor trafficking, LEPROT. Overall, these data confirm the ability of FGF21 to reduce lipid accumulation in bovine liver and suggest the possibility that FGF21 does so by attenuating the hepatic influx of adipose tissue-derived fatty acids.
Use of cod liver oil during pregnancy associated with lower risk of Type I diabetes in the offspring.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To test whether cod liver oil or vitamin D supplements either taken by the mother during pregnancy or by the child in the first year of life is associated with lower risk of Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in children. METHODS: We carried out a population-based case control study in Vest-Agder county of Norway, evaluating the use of supplements by a mailed questionnaire. We received responses from 85 diabetic subjects and 1,071 control subjects. Odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: When mothers took cod liver oil during pregnancy their offspring had a lower risk of diabetes. The unadjusted OR was 0.30, 95% CI: (0.12 to 0.75), p = 0.01. This association changed very little and was still significant after adjusting for age, sex, breastfeeding and maternal education. Mothers taking multivitamin supplements during pregnancy [adjusted OR= 1.11, 95% CI: (0.69 to 1.77)], infants taking cod liver oil in the first year of life [adjusted OR = 0.82, 95 % CI: (0.47 to 1.42) and the use of other vitamin D supplements in the first year of life [adjusted OR = 1.27, 95 % CI: (0.70 to 2.31)] was not [corrected] significantly associated with the risk of diabetes. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: We found that cod liver oil taken during pregnancy was associated with reduced risk of Type I diabetes in the offspring. This suggests that vitamin D or the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the cod liver oil, or both, have a protective effect against Type I diabetes.
A novel evaluation of density differences in subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue layers in pregnancy using elastography.; INTRODUCTION: Chronic inflammation leads to adipose tissue (AT) fibrosis through excessive accumulation of extracellular matrix proteins. An increasing degree of fibrosis in AT is associated with increasing body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. Anecdotally AT has been observed to vary with ease of ultrasound penetration on medical examinations. Ultrasound strain elastography (SE) is a useful tool in assessing fibrosis in liver disease but has not previously been used to assess AT fibrosis. This study assesses the variance in density of the two anatomical layers of subcutaneous AT, superficial subcutaneous adipose tissue (SSAT) and deep subcutaneous adipose tissue (DSAT) in pregnancy using SE. METHOD: Women (n = 210) recruited in early pregnancy. Density of SSAT and DSAT were assessed using SE at five-time points throughout pregnancy and post-partum. Semi-quantitative density measures were achieved using two methods, strain values (SV) of the two layers and ImageJ software to calculate the percentage colour pixels in the elastography image and correlated with the SSAT/DSAT thickness and BMI. RESULTS: Adipose tissue demonstrated a difference in density with the SSAT layer being denser than DSAT. Correlation of tissue density measures with BMI was poor. There was slight change of AT density during pregnancy with a tendency towards harder SSAT and softer DSAT in the third trimester. Post-partum SSAT became softer associated with an increase in SSAT thickness. CONCLUSION: Elastography demonstrated density differences in adipose tissue. SE is a new method of assessing the AT demonstrating density differences in adipose tissue. Information on AT density may determine AT fibrosis and be valuable for metabolic disease risk.
Use of cod liver oil during the first year of life is associated with lower risk of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: a large, population-based, case-control study.; BACKGROUND: In Norway, cod liver oil is an important source of dietary vitamin D and the long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, all of which have biological properties of potential relevance for the prevention of type 1 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: The main objective was to investigate whether the use of dietary cod liver oil or other vitamin D supplements, either by the mother during pregnancy or by the child during the first year of life, is associated with a lower risk of type 1 diabetes among children. DESIGN: We designed a nationwide case-control study in Norway with 545 cases of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes and 1668 population control subjects. Families were contacted by mail, and they completed a questionnaire on the frequency of use of cod liver oil and other vitamin D supplements and other relevant factors. RESULTS: Use of cod liver oil in the first year of life was associated with a significantly lower risk of type 1 diabetes (adjusted odds ratio: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.56, 0.99). Use of other vitamin D supplements during the first year of life and maternal use of cod liver oil or other vitamin D supplements during pregnancy were not associated with type 1 diabetes. CONCLUSION: Cod liver oil may reduce the risk of type 1 diabetes, perhaps through the antiinflammatory effects of long-chain n-3 fatty acids.
Monogenic Forms of Diabetes.; Types 1 and 2 diabetes have multiple and complex genetic influences that interact with environmental triggers, such as viral infections or nutritional excesses, to result in their respective phenotypes: young, lean, and insulin-dependence for type 1 diabetes patients or older, overweight, and often manageable by lifestyle interventions and oral medications for type 2 diabetes patients. A small subset of patients, comprising ~2%–3% of all those diagnosed with diabetes, may have characteristics of either type 1 or type 2 diabetes but have single gene defects that interfere with insulin production, secretion, or action, resulting in clinical diabetes. These types of diabetes are known as MODY, originally defined as maturity-onset diabetes of youth, and severe early-onset forms, such as neonatal diabetes mellitus (NDM). Defects in genes involved in adipocyte development, differentiation, and death pathways cause lipodystrophy syndromes, which are also associated with insulin resistance and diabetes. Although these syndromes are considered rare, more awareness of these disorders and increased availability of genetic testing in clinical and research laboratories, as well as growing use of next generation, whole genome, or exome sequencing for clinically challenging phenotypes, are resulting in increased recognition. A correct diagnosis of MODY, NDM, or lipodystrophy syndromes has profound implications for treatment, genetic counseling, and prognosis. This chapter summarizes the clinical findings, genetic basis, and prognosis for the more common forms of these entities. MODY typically appears before age 25–35 years, in those with a strong family history affecting two to three successive generations, occurs in all races, affects both males and females, and is often misdiagnosed as type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Autoantibodies to islet components are absent, whereas residual insulin secretion is retained, as demonstrated by the concentration of C-peptide in serum at diagnosis. Patients who present with these features should be considered for genetic testing. Three genetic defects (MODY3, MODY2, and MODY1, in order of frequency) comprise ≥85% of all known forms of these entities. MODY3 (more so) and MODY1 patients often respond to oral sulfonylureas, especially at younger ages, and may not require insulin injections. MODY2 patients generally do not require any medication, except during pregnancy to protect the fetus from hyperglycemia, which may cause either macrosomia or small birth weight depending on whether both mother and child have the mutation or not. A correct molecular diagnosis is cost-effective in savings from avoiding insulin, offers precise genetic counseling for a 50% chance of occurrence in each offspring of an affected individual, and generally has a substantially better prognosis for avoidance of the long-term complications of type 1 or type 2 diabetes. NDM presents as transient or permanent diabetes in the newborn, may be corrected by sulfonylurea medication in specific gene mutations, or may be associated with specific syndromes of congenital malformations. Some forms represent familial inheritance, with less severe defects in the same genes masquerading as type 2 diabetes in first-degree relatives, while many represent spontaneous new mutations. NDM is rare, with an estimated incidence of ~1:100,000 live births; the incidence of NDM is significantly higher in populations with high rates of consanguinity. MODY and NDM gene defects have been associated with “typical” type 1 and type 2 diabetes clinical presentation; thus, these single gene defects play an important role in the global burden of diabetes. The autosomal recessive congenital generalized lipodystrophy (CGL) and autosomal dominant familial partial lipodystrophy (FPL) are the two most common types of genetic lipodystrophies. Patients with CGL present with near total lack of body fat, while those with FPL have variable loss of fat, mainly from the extremities. Both disorders present with severe insulin resistance, premature diabetes, hypertriglyceridemia, and hepatic steatosis. Mutations in AGPAT2, BSCL2, CAV1, and PTRF have been reported in CGL and in LMNA, PPARG, AKT2, and PLIN1 in FPL. Management of diabetes in patients with genetic lipodystrophies involves low-fat diet and high doses of insulin and other antihyperglycemic agents. Metreleptin replacement therapy improves glycemic control, especially in patients with generalized lipodystrophies, and is approved for this specific use in the United States.
Exercise alters the molecular pathways of insulin signaling and lipid handling in maternal tissues of obese pregnant mice.; Obesity during gestation adversely affects maternal and infant health both during pregnancy and for long afterwards. However, recent work suggests that a period of maternal exercise during pregnancy can improve metabolic health of the obese mother and her offspring. This study aimed to identify the physiological and molecular impact of exercise on the obese mother during pregnancy that may lead to improved metabolic outcomes. To achieve this, a 20-min treadmill exercise intervention was performed 5 days a week in diet-induced obese female mice from 1 week before and up to day 17 of pregnancy. Biometric, biochemical and molecular analyses of maternal tissues and/or plasma were performed on day 19 of pregnancy. We found exercise prevented some of the adverse changes in insulin signaling and lipid metabolic pathways seen in the liver, skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of sedentary-obese pregnant dams (p110β, p110α, AKT, SREBP). Exercise also induced changes in the insulin and lipid signaling pathways in obese dams that were different from those observed in control and sedentary-obese dams. The changes induced by obesity and exercise were tissue-specific and related to alterations in tissue lipid, protein and glycogen content and plasma insulin, leptin and triglyceride concentrations. We conclude that the beneficial effects of exercise on metabolic outcomes in obese mothers may be related to specific molecular signatures in metabolically active maternal tissues during pregnancy. These findings highlight potential metabolic targets for therapeutic intervention and the importance of lifestyle in reducing the burden of the current obesity epidemic on healthcare systems.
Maternal cinnamon intake during lactation led to visceral obesity and hepatic metabolic dysfunction in the adult male offspring.; PURPOSE: Studies with foods, known to promote health benefits in addition to the nutritive value, show that their consumption by pregnant and/or lactating females could induce negative outcomes to the offspring. It is well characterized that cinnamon intake promotes benefits to energy homeostasis. The present study aimed to analyze the effects of the consumption of an aqueous extract of cinnamon by lactating female rats on the endocrine-metabolic outcomes in the adult offspring. METHODS: Lactating dams (Wistar rats) were supplemented with cinnamon aqueous extract (400 mg/kg body weight/day) for the entire lactating period. The male adult offspring were evaluated at 180 days old (CinLac). RESULTS: The offspring presented visceral obesity (P = 0.001), hyperleptinemia (P = 0.002), and hyperinsulinemia (P = 0.016). In the liver, CinLac exhibited reduced p-IRβ (P = 0.018) suggesting insulin resistance. However, phosphorylation of IRS1 (P = 0.041) and AKT (P = 0.050) were increased. JAK2 (P = 0.030) and p-STAT3 (P = 0.015) expressions were higher, suggesting that the activation of IRS1/AKT in the CinLac group could have resulted from the increased activation of leptin signaling. Although we observed no changes in the gluconeogenic pathway, the CinLac group exhibited lower hepatic glycogen content (P = 0.005) accompanied by increased p-GSK3β (P = 0.011). In addition, the CinLac group showed increased hepatic triacylglycerol content (P = 0.049) and a mild steatosis (P = 0.001), accompanied by reduced PPARα mRNA expression (P = 0.005). CONCLUSION: We conclude that maternal intake of aqueous extract of cinnamon induces long-term molecular, metabolic, and hormonal changes in the adult progeny, including visceral obesity, higher lipid accumulation, and lower glycogen content in the liver.
Effect of modified egg* on developmental defects in neonates of NIDDM induced Wistar rats.; Maternal Zn deficiency has been suggested as the contributing factor for all congenital malformations during pregnancy particularly in diabetes. Maternal Zn-supplementation, therefore, was suggested as one possible nutrition intervention during pregnancy to improve its outcome. But a number of trials with Zn-supplementation are not consistent and discourage the use of excessive Zn-supplementation during pregnancy. Instead a multivitamin/ mineral supplement to them has been suggested to reduce its complication. Accordingly, the poultry egg was modified for trace elements, vitamin-E and omega-3 fatty acids so as to use it as a dietary supplement for diabetics to reduce their complications during the pregnancy. The results showed that NIDDM induced rats fed either on 40 or 80 mg Zn/kg diet delivered less number of pups/litter and their body weight was higher at birth as compared to control group fed 20 mg Zn/kg diet. During the weaning period, some abnormalities characterized by restricted movements of the hind legs, curl toes of limbs, eye opening problems, less hair on the body and more head to body ratio were observed. Whereas number of pups delivered per litter were more with higher body weights without abnormalities in the pups in NIDDM groups fed egg mixed diet. Further Zn, Cu and Mg concentrations were significantly less in the liver, hair and abdominal muscles in pups in NIDDM groups but their concentrations were restored approaching closer to control in pups in groups fed egg mixed diet estimated on 18th day of weaning period. The excretion of these trace elements increased in the urine of dams fed Zn supplemented diet but decreased in the dams fed egg mixed diet on 15th day of their suckling period. The data suggest that if these modified eggs are included in the regular diet during pregnancy, they may protect the neonates in womb against the damaging effect of imbalances of physiologically important nutrients due to diabetes or environmental contamination.
Preeclampsia and the Risk of Pancreatitis: A Nationwide, Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a multiple organ dysfunction during pregnancy, including hepatic, renal, and neurological dysfunction, and is defined as hypertension and proteinuria occurring after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Clinical features seen in preeclampsia are due to relatively poorly perfused placenta and maternal endothelial dysfunction. Some studies have found that preeclampsia may cause acute pancreatitis due to microvascular abnormalities and visceral ischemia. This retrospective cohort study used the Taiwanese National Health Insurance Research Databases (NHIRD) to study the relationship between preeclampsia and the risk of pancreatitis. METHODS: In total, 606,538 pregnant women were selected from the NHIRD between January 1, 1998 and December 31, 2010. They were divided into a preeclampsia cohort (n = 485,211) and a nonpreeclampsia cohort (n = 121,327). After adjusting for comorbidities that may induce pancreatitis, we analyzed and compared the incidence of pancreatitis in the two cohorts. RESULTS: The overall incidence of pancreatitis in the preeclampsia cohort was significantly higher than that in the control cohort (4.29 vs. 2.33 per 10,000 person-years). The adjusted HR of developing pancreatitis increased 1.68-fold (95% CI: 1.19-2.36) in the preeclampsia cohort. In addition, pregnant women with preeclampsia without comorbidities had a significantly high risk of pancreatitis (aHR = 1.83, 95% CI 1.27-2.63). The combined effect of preeclampsia and alcohol-related diseases resulted in the highest risk of pancreatitis (aHR = 43.4, 95% CI: 6.06-311.3). CONCLUSION: Compared with patients without preeclampsia, the risk of pancreatitis in patients with preeclampsia is significantly increased after adjusting for demographics and comorbidities. The risk of pancreatitis is greatly increased when preeclampsia is accompanied by alcohol-related diseases, hepatitis C, gallstones, diabetes, or age of 26-35 years. Early identification and effective control of preeclampsia and the associated comorbidities can reduce the risk of pancreatitis and the associated morbidity and mortality.
Influence of leptin administration to pregnant female mice on obesity development, taste preferences, and gene expression in the liver and muscles of their male and female offspring.; . The consumption of food rich in sugar and fat provokes obesity. Prenatal conditions have an impact on taste preferences and metabolism in the adult offspring, and this impact may manifest differently in different sexes. An increase in blood leptin level in pregnant females reduces the risk of obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring, although the mechanisms mediating this effect are unknown. Neither is it known whether maternal leptin affects taste preferences. In this study, we investigated the effect of leptin administration to pregnant mice on the development of diet-induced obesity, food choice, and gene expression in the liver and muscles of the offspring with regard to sex. Leptin was administered to female mice on days 11, 12, and 13 of pregnancy. In male and female offspring, growth rate and intake of standard chow after weaning, obesity development, gene expression in the liver and muscles, and food choice when kept on a high-calorie diet (standard chow, lard, sweet cookies) were recorded. Leptin administration to pregnant females reduced body weight in the female offspring fed on the standard diet. When the offspring were given a high-calorie diet, leptin administration inhibited obesity development and reduced the consumption of cookies only in males. It also increased the consumption of standard chow and the mRNA levels of genes for the insulin receptor and glucose transporter type 4 in the muscles of both male and female offspring. The results demonstrate that an increase in blood leptin levels in pregnant females has a sex-specif ic effect on the metabolism of the offspring increasing resistance to obesity only in male offspring. The mechanism underlying this effect includes a shift in food preference in favor of a balanced diet and maintenance of insulin sensitivity in muscle tissues.
The effect of home exercise on ovulation induction using clomiphene citrate in overweight underserved women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Age-adjusted rates of obesity are reported to be 35.8 % among US adult women and 49 % in some race/ethnicity, underserved populations. (1). Underserved populations often have less access to weight-loss intervention options and are at high risk for obesity related problems including anovulation, infertility, pregnancy-related complications and adverse long-term health outcomes. (2). The purpose of this study was to evaluate a home exercise plan using a pedometer on weight loss, ovulation induction and pregnancy rates in our overweight and obese underserved clinic population. METHODS: Twenty one overweight (BMI ≥ 25-29.9) and obese I-II (BMI ≥ 30-39.9) 18-42 years old were recruited. Participants received an exercise/nutrition questionnaire at the initiation and completion and called weekly for 4 weeks. Ten participants were randomly assigned to the home exercise program (PedGp). PedGp received a pedometer, daily step-count goal, and were called to increase goal by 50 % weekly. All participants then underwent clomiphene stair-step ovulation induction. All study participants were referred to the University Wellness Clinic for diet and exercise counseling. RESULTS: There were high percentages of women with co-morbidities in both groups including fatty liver, low vitamin D, hyperlipidemia, hypothyroidism, prediabetes and diabetes.1. Those completing the 4-week home program increased baseline steps by 21.2 % weekly. Only 3/10 women reached at least one weekly goal of 50 % increase. Although the goal was rarely met, participants who completed study had increased number of daily steps.2. Greater number in PedGp lost weight or stayed the same (5/10 vs. 2/11).3. Greater number in PedGp spontaneously ovulated (4/10 vs. 1/11) or became pregnant (4/10 vs. 3/11). (not statistically significant due to small sample size). CONCLUSION: There are high percentages of comorbidities in this population. Although the goal was rarely met, participants who completed study had increased number of daily steps. A greater number in PedGp lost weight or stayed the same. A greater number in PedGp spontaneously ovulated or became pregnant (not statistically significant due to small sample size). Importantly, 40 % of women who lost weight became pregnant. This is highly encouraging and suggests that the development of pedometer interventions may prove a cost effective option. Weight loss programs for this population hold promise and efficient hospital or community-based programs may prove beneficial.
Postnatal diet remodels hepatic DNA methylation in metabolic pathways established by a maternal high-fat diet.; AIM: We investigate how postweaning diet may modify the epigenetic landscape to meet metabolic demands later in life. METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to a high-fat (HF) diet during gestation and lactation. At weaning, male offspring were placed either on an HF diet (HF/HF) or a control diet (HF/C). Methylation-dependent immunoprecipitation sequencing and methylation-sensitive restriction enzyme sequencing were used to quantify hepatic DNA methylation. RESULTS: Out of the 3966 identified differentially methylated regions, 37% were mapped to gene bodies while 6% fell within promoter or downstream regions. Differentially methylated genes were clustered in the type II diabetes mellitus and the adipocytokine signaling pathways. CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that compared with a lifelong HF diet, offspring exposed to a new postweaning control diet are able to remodel the hepatic epigenome, emphasizing the dynamic nature of the methylome even after early life.
Oral administration of interferon tau enhances oxidation of energy substrates and reduces adiposity in Zucker diabetic fatty rats.; Male Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats were used to study effects of oral administration of interferon tau (IFNT) in reducing obesity. Eighteen ZDF rats (28 days of age) were assigned randomly to receive 0, 4, or 8 μg IFNT/kg body weight (BW) per day (n = 6/group) for 8 weeks. Water consumption was measured every two days. Food intake and BW were recorded weekly. Energy expenditure in 4-, 6-, 8-, and 10-week-old rats was determined using indirect calorimetry. Starting at 7 weeks of age, urinary glucose, and ketone bodies were tested daily. Rates of glucose and oleate oxidation in liver, brown adipose tissue, and abdominal adipose tissue, as well as leucine catabolism in skeletal muscle, and lipolysis in white and brown adipose tissues were greater for rats treated with 8 μg IFNT/kg BW/day in comparison with control rats. Treatment with 8 μg IFNT/kg BW/day increased heat production, reduced BW gain and adiposity, ameliorated fatty liver syndrome, delayed the onset of diabetes, and decreased concentrations of glucose, free fatty acids, triacylglycerol, cholesterol, and branched-chain amino acids in plasma, compared with control rats. Oral administration of 8 µg IFNT/kg BW/day ameliorated oxidative stress in skeletal muscle, liver, and adipose tissue, as indicated by decreased ratios of oxidized glutathione to reduced glutathione and increased concentrations of tetrahydrobiopterin. These results indicate that IFNT stimulates oxidation of energy substrates and reduces obesity in ZDF rats and may have broad important implications for preventing and treating obesity-related diseases in mammals.
Low protein diet during lactation programs hepatic metabolism in adult male and female rats.; The liver is an essential regulator of energy metabolism, and its function can be disrupted by nutritional alterations. Since liver development continues during breastfeeding nutritional challenges during this period predispose patients to diseases throughout life. A maternal protein-restricted (PR) diet during lactation promotes reductions in the body weight, adiposity, and plasma glucose and insulin, leptin resistance and an increase in corticosterone and catecholamines in adult male rat offspring. Here, we investigated hepatic metabolism in the offspring (both sexes) of PR (8% protein diet during lactation) and control (23% protein diet) dams. Both male and female offspring were evaluated at 6 months of age. PR males had no liver steatosis and manifested a reduction in lipids in hepatocytes adjacent to the vasculature. These animals had lower levels of esterified cholesterol in hepatocytes, suggesting higher biliary excretion, unchanged glycolysis and gluconeogenesis, and lower contents of the markers of mitochondrial redox balance and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response and estrogen receptor alpha. PR females showed normal hepatic morphology associated with higher uptake of cholesterol esters, normal glycolysis and gluconeogenesis, and lower ER stress parameters without changes in the key markers of the redox balance. Additionally, these animals had lower content of estrogen receptor alpha and higher content of androgen receptor. The maternal PR diet during lactation did not program hepatic lipid accumulation in the adult progeny. However, several repair homeostasis pathways were altered in males and females, possibly compromising maintenance of normal liver function.
Report from the National Transplantation Pregnancy Registry (NTPR): outcomes of pregnancy after transplantation.; Female solid organ recipients with good graft function generally tolerate pregnancy well. However, the combination of mother, fetus, transplanted organ, and immunosuppressive and other medications increases the complexity of management and raises the specter of adverse outcomes. For the mother, considerations include the nature of the original disease (i.e. genetic risk of transmission), co-morbid conditions which increase pregnancy risk (i.e. hypertension, diabetes, renal insufficiency), and long-term maternal prognosis. For the fetus, questions include the adequacy of maternal physiology (cardiac, renal, glycernic control, etc.), exposure to medications, and exposure to infectious agents. The transplanted organ must accommodate the increased workload of pregnancy and the needs of the fetus. The delicate balance between immunosuppression and rejection may be altered by the pregnancy. The impact of pregnancy on recurrent disease can also be an issue. Medication issues include changes in drug pharmacokinetics and the potential for adverse effects on the fetus. These effects could include chromosomal aberrations, structural malformations, organ-specific toxicity, intrauterine growth retardation, and immune system development. For female kidney recipients there are sufficient data to demonstrate a direct relationship between creatinine levels before and during pregnancy and risk of graft loss in the postpartum period. Pregnancy itself does not appear to adversely affect stable graft function. Among liver recipients, those with recurrent viral hepatitis may have deterioration of graft function with subsequent pregnancies. These recipients should be apprised accordingly, as maternal deaths have occurred in this setting. Postpartum depression and potential for medication noncompliance require vigilance. The safety of pregnancy from the NTPR analysis to date has been largely derived from the experience with CsA-based regimens. For recipients on CsA there have been good maternal outcomes without any specific or predominant malformation patterns in the offspring. For the general population, malformations occur in approximately 3% of live births. To date, there is no indication that this incidence has increased despite the complex medical regimens of transplant recipients. Data are accruing with tacrolimus and Neoral. Continuing data entry and continued follow-up of off-spring will allow for further recommendations, especially in light of the new medications and combinations. Recipients should be advised to wait one to 2 years after transplant before considering pregnancy. Those with stable graft function, and with no rejection, graft dysfunction, or deterioration should still be apprised of the high risk of prematurity and low birthweight, although maternal risks appear low. These are high-risk pregnancies, requiring close communication and cooperation between the high-risk obstetrician and the transplant team. The use of the FDA pregnancy categories should not be the sole reason for choosing a particular immunosuppressive drug. Agents such as Neoral and tacrolimus would appear to offer some advantage as blood levels can be measured. At present, no safety guidelines can be given for mycophenolate mofetil, OKT3, or ATG. Identification of prepregnancy factors predictive of higher risks and appropriate counseling and management guidelines are major NTPR goals, and depend on the continued assistance and cooperation of the transplant community.
HCV genetics and genotypes dictate future antiviral strategies.; At the end of the 1980s, the hepatitis C virus (HCV) was cloned and formally identified as the cause of the majority of non-A and non-B hepatitis cases. Today, around 170 million people worldwide are infected with HCV, making it five times more common than infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Several methods exist which mediate the spread of infection. One of the most common and efficient is sharing or re-using injecting equipment; studies have indicated that 80-90% of individuals in some populations of intravenous drug users test positive in serum HCV assays. Contracting HCV from infected blood transfusions was also a major cause of infection before screening tests were introduced in the early 1990s. Other possible, but less common, methods of infection transmission include mother-to-child during pregnancy, sexual contact and nosocomial acquisition (for example between surgical or dialysis patients). It appears that concurrent HIV-1 infection increases the risk of HCV transmission via the mother-to-child or sexual routes.
Medical aspects of ketone body metabolism.; Ketone bodies are produced in the liver, mainly from the oxidation of fatty acids, and are exported to peripheral tissues for use as an energy source. They are particularly important for the brain, which has no other substantial non-glucose-derived energy source. The 2 main ketone bodies are 3-hydroxybutyrate (3HB) and acetoacetate (AcAc). Biochemically, abnormalities of ketone body metabolism can present in 3 fashions: ketosis, hypoketotic hypoglycemia, and abnormalities of the 3HB/AcAc ratio. Normally, the presence of ketosis implies 2 things: that lipid energy metabolism has been activated and that the entire pathway of lipid degradation is intact. In rare patients, ketosis reflects an inability to utilize ketone bodies. Ketosis is normal during fasting, after prolonged exercise, and when a high-fat diet is consumed. During the neonatal period, infancy and pregnancy, times at which lipid energy metabolism is particularly active, ketosis develops readily. Pathologic causes of ketosis include diabetes, ketotic hypoglycemia of childhood, corticosteroid or growth hormone deficiency, intoxication with alcohol or salicylates, and several inborn errors of metabolism. The absence of ketosis in a patient with hypoglycemia is abnormal and suggests the diagnosis of either hyperinsulinism or an inborn error of fat energy metabolism. An abnormal elevation of the 3HB/AcAc ratio usually implies a non-oxidized state of the hepatocyte mitochondrial matrix resulting from hypoxia-ischemia or other causes. We summarize the differential diagnosis of abnormalities of ketone body metabolism, as well as pertinent recent advances in research.
Biogenic amines: Concentrations in serum and skeletal muscle from late pregnancy until early lactation in dairy cows with high versus normal body condition score.; Biogenic amines (BA) are a class of nitrogenous compounds that are involved in a wide variety of physiological processes, but their role in transition cows is poorly understood. Our objectives were to describe the longitudinal changes of BA in serum and in skeletal muscle during the transition period and to characterize temporal responses of BA in relation to body condition score (BCS) of periparturient dairy cows. Fifteen weeks before calving, 36 multiparous Holstein cows were assigned to 2 groups (n = 18 per group) that were fed differently to reach either high [HBCS; net energy for lactation (NE(L)) = 7.2 MJ/kg of dry matter (DM)] or normal BCS (NBCS; NE(L) = 6.8 MJ/kg of DM) at dry-off. The targeted BCS and back fat thickness (BFT) at dry-off (HBCS, >3.75 and >1.4 cm; NBCS, <3.5 and <1.2 cm) were reached. Thereafter, both groups were fed identical diets. Blood samples and muscle (semitendinosus) biopsies were collected at d -49, +3, +21, and +84 relative to parturition. In serum and skeletal muscle, BA concentrations were measured using a targeted metabolomics assay. The data were analyzed as a repeated measure using the MIXED procedure of SAS. The serum concentrations of most BA (i.e., creatinine, taurine, carnosine putrescine, spermine, α-aminoadipic acid, acetylornithine, kynurenine, serotonin, hydroxyproline, asymmetric dimethylarginine, and symmetric dimethylarginine) fluctuated during the transition period, while others (i.e., spermidine, phenylethylamine) did not change with time. The muscle concentrations of BA remained unchanged over time. Creatinine had the highest concentrations in the serum, while carnosine had the highest concentration among the muscle BA. The serum concentrations of creatinine (d +21), putrescine (d +84), α-aminoadipic acid (d +3), and hydroxyproline (d +21) were or tended to be higher for HBCS compared with NBCS postpartum. The serum concentrations of symmetric dimethylarginine (d -49) and acetylornithine (d +84) were or tended to be lower for HBCS compared with NBCS, respectively. The serum kynurenine/tryptophan ratio was greater with HBCS than with NBCS (d +84). Compared with NBCS, HBCS was associated with lower muscle concentrations of carnosine, but those of hydroxyproline were higher (d -49). In both serum and muscle, the asymmetric dimethylarginine concentrations were greater with HBCS than with NBCS (d -49). No correlation was found between serum and skeletal muscle BA. This study indicates that overconditioning of dairy cows may influence serum and muscle BA concentrations in the periparturient period.
Ameliorative impact of cold-pressed Rosmarinus officinalis oil against liver toxicity and genotoxic effects in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and their offspring.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic, lifelong condition threatening human health. Rosmarinus officinalis oil (RO) could have a future role in DM therapy. This study evaluated the composition and antioxidative potential of RO. Antidiabetic traits of RO in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats was also studied considering the ameliorative impact against embryogenesis defects using in vitro and in vivo biochemical, histological, and genetic assays. RO was investigated for fatty acids and bioactive compounds (tocols and total phenolic compounds), and antiradical potential against DPPH(•) radicals. The genetic effects were investigated using comet assay and DNA fragmentation test. DM was induced to albino rats by injecting 60 mg/kg of STZ, while RO (100 mg/kg b.w.) was administered. The pregnant animals were divided into four groups; control (C), RO-treated (RO), diabetic (D), and combined diabetic with RO-treated (D-RO). The study was conducted for 180 days. In RO, the contents of polyunsaturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, and saturated fatty acids were 42.3%, 41.7%, and 15.8%, respectively. The levels of α-, β-, γ-, and δ-tocopherols were 280, 20, 1,025, and 35 mg/100 g RO, respectively. RO contained 7.2 mg GAE/g of total phenolic compounds (TPC), while RO quenched 70% of DPPH(•) radicals. While glucose levels reached the highest in DM rats, treating STZ-induced diabetic animals with RO-resoluted serum glucose levels. RO reduced the highest levels of serum chemistry parameters were recorded in DM animals. Histological photographs of maternal and fetus liver exhibited degenerated hepatic cells and congestion central vein. Comet cells and DNA fragments were significantly decreased in D-RO group comparing to the DM group. RO exhibited antidiabetic capabilities, and thus, it could be utilized as a functional ingredient in novel foods, nutraceuticals, and dietary supplements for diabetic patients. PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS: RO is rich in bioactive phytochemicals (tocols and phenolic compounds) with antiradical and antihyperglycemic capabilities. Tocols and phenolics are active in radical scavenging of reactive nitrogen species (i.e., peroxynitrite and nitrogen dioxide), and in the prevention of DNA bases nitration. Our results demonstrated that RO could improve the disturbed metabolism of carbohydrate in STZ-diabetic animals. The potential mode of action of bioactive compounds in RO most likely encompasses the intracellular pathway involved in glucose homeostasis or insulin signaling. In addition, the suppression of oxidative stress by phenolic compounds could provide to the antidiabetic impacts of RO. Our data supported that RO could be utilized to ameliorate DM. Protection with RO directed high protection of the maternal organs and offspring against the oxidative stress of diabetes due to the antihyperlipidemic effects and the antioxidant capabilities of RO.
The prevalence of hepatitis B and C viral infections among pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Viral hepatitis during pregnancy is associated with high risk of maternal complications and has become a leading cause of foetal death. AIMS: This study aimed at determining the prevalence of hepatitis B and C viral infections among pregnant women attending the antenatal clinic of the University of Benin Teaching Hospital. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a hospital based cross-sectional study that included 5760 pregnant women who attended the antenatal clinic of the hospital during the periods of October 2009 - October 2010. Relevant data was gathered and women having history of previous liver diseases, diabetes and pre-eclamptic toxemia were excluded from the study. Rapid diagnostic test kits were used to screen for Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and anti-Hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibodies. RESULTS: 720 (12.5%) and 206 (3.6%) out of 5,760 pregnant women included in the study were found to be positive for Serum antibodies to hepatitis B and C respectively. 33 (0.57%) were found to have mixed infections of hepatitis B and C. None of the expected risk factors had significant outcome. CONCLUSION: This study showed that the prevalence of the Hepatitis B virus (HBV) among pregnant women in this study area is of intermediate endemicity (12.5%).
A database for curating the associations between killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptors and diseases in worldwide populations.; The killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptors (KIR) play a fundamental role in the innate immune system, through their interactions with human leucocyte antigen (HLA) molecules, leading to the modulation of activity in natural killer (NK) cells, mainly related to killing pathogen-infected cells. KIR genes are hugely polymorphic both in the number of genes an individual carries and in the number of alleles identified. We have previously developed the Allele Frequency Net Database (AFND, http://www.allelefrequencies.net), which captures worldwide frequencies of alleles, genes and haplotypes for several immune genes, including KIR genes, in healthy populations, covering >4 million individuals. Here, we report the creation of a new database within AFND, named KIR and Diseases Database (KDDB), capturing a large quantity of data derived from publications in which KIR genes, alleles, genotypes and/or haplotypes have been associated with infectious diseases (e.g. hepatitis C, HIV, malaria), autoimmune disorders (e.g. type I diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis), cancer and pregnancy-related complications. KDDB has been created through an extensive manual curation effort, extracting data on more than a thousand KIR-disease records, comprising >50 000 individuals. KDDB thus provides a new community resource for understanding not only how KIR genes are associated with disease, but also, by working in tandem with the large data sets already present in AFND, where particular genes, genotypes or haplotypes are present in worldwide populations or different ethnic groups. We anticipate that KDDB will be an important resource for researchers working in immunogenetics. Database URL: http://www.allelefrequencies.net/diseases/.
Adiponectin Deficiency Alters Placenta Function but Does Not Affect Fetal Growth in Mice.; Adiponectin administration to pregnant mice decreases nutrient transport and fetal growth. An adiponectin deficiency, on the other hand, as seen in obese women during pregnancy, alters fetal growth; however, the mechanism is unclear. To determine the role of adiponectin on placenta function and fetal growth, we used adiponectin knockout, adiponectin heterozygote that displays reduced adiponectin levels, and wild-type mice on a control diet or high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet. Triglycerides (TGs) in the serum, liver, and placenta were measured using colorimetric assays. Gene expression was measured using quantitative RT-PCR. Adiponectin levels did not affect fetal weight, but it reduced adiponectin levels, increased fetal serum and placenta TG content. Wildtype dams on a HF/HS diet protected the fetuses from fatty acid overload as judged by increased liver TGs in dams and normal serum and liver TG levels in fetuses, while low adiponectin was associated with increased fetal liver TGs. Low maternal adiponectin increased the expression of genes involved in fatty acid transport; Lpl and Cd36 in the placenta. Adiponectin deficiency does not affect fetal growth but induces placental dysfunction and increases fetal TG load, which is enhanced with obesity. This could lead to imprinting effects on the fetus and the development of metabolic dysfunction in the offspring.
Racial and ethnic disparities in the association of maternal infection during pregnancy and risk of cyanotic congenital heart defects in the United States, 2011-2020.; PURPOSE: The etiology of cyanotic congenital heart defects (CCHD) is not well understood. There are scarce data on racial/ethnic disparities in maternal infection and CCHD. We evaluated the relation of maternal infections during pregnancy and risk of CCHD in the United States, and to assess if this association varies by race/ethnicity. METHODS: Data were from the National Vital Statistics System comprising 35.3 million singleton livebirths among mothers aged 15-49 years from 2011 to 2020. Logistic regression models were used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: After adjustment for sociodemographic and maternal health factors, including prepregnancy body mass index, diabetes, hypertension, and smoking during pregnancy, time to prenatal care was initiated and pregnancy complications, any maternal infection, was associated with elevated odds of CCHD (OR: 1.25, 95% CI: 1.15-1.37). The odds of CCHD were mainly evident for sexually transmitted infections, namely chlamydia and hepatitis-C viral infection. The association was limited to non-Hispanic Black (OR: 1.22, 95% CI: 1.03-1.45), Hispanic (OR: 1.61, 95% CI: 1.33-1.95), and Asian (OR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.42-2.91) mothers. CONCLUSIONS: In this population-based study, maternal infection during pregnancy was associated with a modest risk of CCHD in offspring, which was the highest in racial/ethnic minority mothers.
Thiazolidinediones and type 2 diabetes: new drugs for an old disease.; Thiazolidinediones are a new class of drugs for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, and act by improving insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue, liver and skeletal muscle. Rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are registered for use in monotherapy, and in combination with sulfonylureas and metformin. Pioglitazone is also licensed for use in combination with insulin. There is level II evidence that in patients with inadequate glycaemic control both drugs reduce the level of HbA1c and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) when used as monotherapy and in combination with sulfonylurea or metformin or insulin; and both drugs increase levels of HDL and LDL and lower free fatty acid levels, but only pioglitazone significantly lowers triglyceride levels. Both drugs lower fasting insulin and C-peptide levels. In monotherapy, they may be slightly less potent at reducing the level of HbA1c than sulfonylureas or metformin. The maximal effect of these agents may not be seen for 6-14 weeks after commencement. Both drugs are well tolerated but liver function must be checked at baseline every second month for the first year, and periodically thereafter. The drugs are currently contraindicated in patients with moderate to severe liver dysfunction and alanine aminotransferase levels more than 2.5 times normal, New York Heart Association III-IV cardiac status, pregnancy, lactation and in children. The main side effects include weight gain, oedema, and mild dilutional anaemia.
Decreased expression of GLUT4 in male CG-IUGR rats may play a vital role in their increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood.; Rats with intrauterine growth retardation and catch-up growth (CG-IUGR) after birth show increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The expression of glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) decreases in female IUGR offspring rats with seminutrient restriction during pregnancy. However, the male CG-IUGR rats also display an increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. Whether there is another factor, besides GLUT4, in male CG-IUGR rat that mediates their susceptibility to diabetes mellitus? The male IUGR rats with catch-up growth were selected as the research objects. CG-IUGR rats had an increased fasting blood glucose level, and increased serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acid levels. Glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test showed higher glucose levels and much higher insulin levels after a glucose load in CG-IUGR. The mRNA and protein expressions of IRS-2 in liver tissue, and IRS-1 and GLUT4 in skeletal muscle in CG-IUGR rats were down-regulated, but only the GLUT4 down-regulation displayed strong negative correlations with the decreased glucose tolerance capability by Pearson's analysis. The methylation patterns of CpG islands in the promoter regions of IRS-1, IRS-2 and GLUT4 in CG-IUGR rats varied, which was not significantly correlated with their expressions. The male CG-IUGR rats showed decreased glucose tolerant capability, suggesting increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The GLUT4 down-regulation may play a vital role in the development of decreased glucose tolerance in male CG-IUGR rats. The methylation modification of the promoter region of GLUT4 does not appear to be involved in its expression.
The role of periodontitis in cancer development, with a focus on oral cancers.; Periodontitis is a severe gum infection that begins as gingivitis and can lead to gum recession, bone loss, and tooth loss if left untreated. It is primarily caused by bacterial infection, which triggers inflammation and the formation of periodontal pockets. Notably, periodontitis is associated with systemic health issues and has been linked to heart disease, diabetes, respiratory diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cancers. Accordingly, the presence of chronic inflammation and immune system dysregulation in individuals with periodontitis significantly contributes to the initiation and progression of various cancers, particularly oral cancers. These processes promote genetic mutations, impair DNA repair mechanisms, and create a tumor-supportive environment. Moreover, the bacteria associated with periodontitis produce harmful byproducts and toxins that directly damage the DNA within oral cells, exacerbating cancer development. In addition, chronic inflammation not only stimulates cell proliferation but also inhibits apoptosis, causes DNA damage, and triggers the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Collectively, these factors play a crucial role in the progression of cancer in individuals affected by periodontitis. Further, specific viral and bacterial agents, such as hepatitis B and C viruses, human papillomavirus (HPV), Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori), and Porphyromonas gingivalis, contribute to cancer development through distinct mechanisms. Bacterial infections have systemic implications for cancer development, while viral infections provoke immune and inflammatory responses that can lead to genetic mutations. This review will elucidate the link between periodontitis and cancers, particularly oral cancers, exploring their underlying mechanisms to provide insights for future research and treatment advancements.
Severity of COVID-19 in Pregnant Women: A Review on the Potential Role of Regulatory T Cells.; As a physiological condition, pregnancy may cause temporary alterations in the hematological, cardiopulmonary, and immune responses, affecting the maternal susceptibility to viral infections. Pregnant women are vulnerable to infection with the influenza A virus, hepatitis E virus, MERS CoV, and SARS CoV. The agent of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is the SARS coronavirus (SARS CoV-2), which affects the cells upon binding to the angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ACE2). However, ACE2 expression is elevated in the placental tissue. However, surprisingly, COVID-19 infection in pregnant women tends to have a lower severity and mortality. Therefore, it is interesting to find the immunological mechanisms related to the severity of COVID-19 in pregnancy. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) are a subset of CD4+T cells that may play a central role in maintaining maternal tolerance by regulating immune responses. Pregnancy-induced Tregs are developed to control immune responses against paternal antigens expressed by the semi-allograft fetus. The role of uncontrolled immune responses in COVID-19 pathogenesis has already been identified. This review provides insight into whether pregnancy- induced regulatory T-cell functions could influence the severity of COVID-19 infection during pregnancy.
Placental insufficiency contributes to fatty acid metabolism alterations in aged female mouse offspring.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is an accepted risk factor for metabolic disorders in later life, including obesity and type 2 diabetes. The level of metabolic dysregulation can vary between subjects and is dependent on the severity and the type of IUGR insult. Classical IUGR animal models involve nutritional deprivation of the mother or uterine artery ligation. The latter aims to mimic a placental insufficiency, which is the most frequent cause of IUGR. In this study, we investigated whether IUGR attributable to placental insufficiency impacts the glucose and lipid homeostasis at advanced age. Placental insufficiency was achieved by deletion of the transcription factor AP-2y ( Tfap2c), which serves as one of the major trophoblast differentiation regulators. TdelT-IUGR mice were obtained by crossing mice with a floxed Tfap2c allele and mice with Cre recombinase under the control of the Tpbpa promoter. In advanced adulthood (9-12 mo), female and male IUGR mice are respectively 20% and 12% leaner compared with controls. At this age, IUGR mice have unaffected glucose clearance and lipid parameters (cholesterol, triglycerides, and phospholipids) in the liver. However, female IUGR mice have increased plasma free fatty acids (+87%) compared with controls. This is accompanied by increased mRNA levels of fatty acid synthase and endoplasmic reticulum stress markers in white adipose tissue. Taken together, our results suggest that IUGR by placental insufficiency may lead to higher lipogenesis in female mice in advanced adulthood, at least indicated by greater Fasn expression. This effect was sex specific for the aged IUGR females.
A Review on SARS-CoV-2-Induced Neuroinflammation, Neurodevelopmental Complications, and Recent Updates on the Vaccine Development.; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a devastating viral infection caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The incidence and mortality of COVID-19 patients have been increasing at an alarming rate. The mortality is much higher in older individuals, especially the ones suffering from respiratory distress, cardiac abnormalities, renal diseases, diabetes, and hypertension. Existing evidence demonstrated that SARS-CoV-2 makes its entry into human cells through angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE-2) followed by the uptake of virions through cathepsin L or transmembrane protease serine 2 (TMPRSS2). SARS-CoV-2-mediated abnormalities in particular cardiovascular and neurological ones and the damaged coagulation systems require extensive research to develop better therapeutic modalities. As SARS-CoV-2 uses its S-protein to enter into the host cells of several organs, the S-protein of the virus is considered as the ideal target to develop a potential vaccine. In this review, we have attempted to highlight the landmark discoveries that lead to the development of various vaccines that are currently under different stages of clinical progression. Besides, a brief account of various drug candidates that are being tested to mitigate the burden of COVID-19 was also covered. Further, in a dedicated section, the impact of SARS-CoV-2 infection on neuronal inflammation and neuronal disorders was discussed. In summary, it is expected that the content covered in this article help to understand the pathophysiology of COVID-19 and the impact on neuronal complications induced by SARS-CoV-2 infection while providing an update on the vaccine development.
Lipid metabolism in the fetus and the newborn.; During late gestation, although maternal adipose tissue lipolytic activity becomes enhanced, lipolytic products cross the placenta with difficulty. Under fasting conditions, free fatty acids (FFA) are used for ketogenesis by the mother, and ketone bodies are used as fuels and lipogenic substrates by the fetus. Maternal glycerol is preferentially used for glucose synthesis, saving other gluconeogenic substrates, like amino acids, for fetal growth. Placental transfer of triglycerides is null, but essential fatty acids derived from maternal diet, which are transported as triglycerides in lipoproteins, become available to the fetus owing to the presence of both lipoprotein receptors and lipase activities in the placenta. Diabetes in pregnancy promotes lipid transfer to the fetus by increasing the maternal-fetal gradient, which may contribute to an increase in body fat mass in newborns of diabetic women. Deposition of fat stores in the fetus is very low in the rat but high in humans, where body fat accretion occurs essentially during the last trimester of intra-uterine life. This is sustained by the intense placental transfer of glucose and by its use as a lipogenic substrate, as well as by the placental transfer of fatty acids and to their low oxidation activity. During the perinatal period an active ketonemia develops, which is maintained in the suckling newborn by several factors: (i) the high-fat and low-carbohydrate content in milk, (ii) the enhanced lipolytic activity occurring during the first few hours of life, and (iii) both the uptake of circulating triglycerides by the liver due to the induction of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity in this organ, and the presence of ketogenic activity in the intestinal mucose. Changes in LPL activity, lipogenesis and lipolysis contribute to the sequential steps of adipocyte hyperplasia and hypertrophia occurring during the extra-uterine white adipose tissue development in rat, and this may be used as a model to extrapolate the intra-uterine adipose tissue development in other species, including humans.
Influence of high fat diet and resveratrol supplementation on placental fatty acid uptake in the Japanese macaque.; INTRODUCTION: Adequate maternal supply and placental delivery of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) is essential for normal fetal development. In humans, maternal obesity alters placental FA uptake, though the impact of diet remains uncertain. The fatty fetal liver observed in offspring of Japanese macaques fed a high fat diet (HFD) was prevented with resveratrol supplementation during pregnancy. We sought to determine the effect of HFD and resveratrol, a supplement with insulin-sensitizing properties, on placental LCPUFA uptake in this model. METHODS: J. macaques were fed control chow (15% fat, n = 5), HFD (35% fat, n = 10) or HFD containing 0.37% resveratrol (n = 5) prior to- and throughout pregnancy. At ∼ 130 d gestation (term = 173 d), placentas were collected by caesarean section. Fatty acid uptake studies using (14)C-labeled oleic acid, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) were performed in placental explants. RESULTS: Resveratrol supplementation increased placental uptake of DHA (P < 0.05), while HFD alone had no measurable effect. Resveratrol increased AMP-activated protein kinase activity and mRNA expression of the fatty acid transporters FATP-4, CD36 and FABPpm (P < 0.05). Placental DHA content was decreased in HFD dams; resveratrol had no effect on tissue fatty acid profiles. DISCUSSION: Maternal HFD did not significantly affect placental LCPUFA uptake. Furthermore, resveratrol stimulated placental DHA uptake capacity, AMPK activation and transporter expression. Placental handling of DHA is particularly sensitive to the dramatic alterations in the maternal metabolic phenotype and placental AMPK activity associated with resveratrol supplementation.
An analytic approach for describing and prioritizing health inequalities at the local level in Canada: a descriptive study.; BACKGROUND: We present the health inequalities analytic approach used by the Saskatoon Health Region to examine health equity. Our aim was to develop a method that will enable health regions to prioritize action on health inequalities. METHODS: Data from admissions to hospital, physician billing, reportable diseases, vital statistics and childhood immunizations in the city of Saskatoon were analyzed for the years ranging from 1995 to 2011. Data were aggregated to the dissemination area level. The Pampalon deprivation index was used as the measure of socioeconomic status. We calculated annual rates per 1000 people for each outcome. Rate ratios, rate differences, area-level concentration curves and area-level concentration coefficients quantified inequality. An Inequalities Prioritization Matrix was developed to prioritize action for the outcomes showing the greatest inequality. The outcomes measured were cancer, intentional self-harm, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, mental illness, heart disease, diabetes, injury, stroke, chlamydia, tuberculosis, gonorrhea, hepatitis C, high birth weight, low birth weight, teen abortion, teen pregnancy, infant mortality and all-cause mortality. RESULTS: According to the Inequalities Prioritization Matrix, injuries and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were the first and second priorities, respectively, that needed to be addressed related to inequalities in admissions to hospital. For physician billing, mental disorders and diabetes were high-priority areas. Differences in teen pregnancy and all-cause mortality were the most unequal in the vital statistics data. For communicable diseases, hepatitis C was the highest priority. INTERPRETATION: Our findings show that health inequalities exist at the local level and that a method can be developed to prioritize action on these inequalities. Policies should consider health inequalities and adopt population-based and targeted actions to reduce inequalities.
A Very-Low-Calorie Diet Can Cause Remission of Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertriglyceridemia in Familial Partial Lipodystrophy.; There is no strong evidence that any specific diet is the preferred treatment for lipodystrophy syndromes. Here we remark on the benefits of a very-low-calorie diet (VLCD) in a patient with familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2). A 38-year-old female diagnosed with FPLD2, with a history of multiple comorbidities, underwent 16 weeks of VLCD with a short-term goal of improving her metabolic state rapidly to achieve pregnancy by in vitro fertilization (IVF). We observed a reduction of 12.3 kg in body weight and 1.4% in hemoglobin A1c. The decrease in the area under the curves of insulin (-33.2%), triglycerides (-40.7%), and free fatty acids (-34%) were very remarkable. Total body fat was reduced by 16%, and liver fat by 80%. Her egg retrieval rate and quality during IVF were far superior to past hyperstimulation. Our data encourage the use of this medical approach for other patients with similar metabolic and reproductive abnormalities due to adipose tissue insufficiency.
Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) in vascular inflammatory diseases.; Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) also known as amino oxidase copper containing 3 (AOC3) is a pro-inflammatory and versatile molecule with adhesive and enzymatic properties. VAP-1 is a primary amine oxidase belonging to the semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) family, which catalyzes the oxidation of primary amines leading to the production of ammonium, formaldehyde, methylglyoxal, and hydrogen peroxide. VAP-1 is mainly expressed by endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, adipocytes and pericytes. It is involved in a repertoire of biological functions, e.g., immune cell extravasation, angiogenesis, and vascularization. Research into VAP-1 has intensified within the last decade on its role as a novel clinical biomarker and as a potential therapeutic target of vascular inflammatory disorders such as atherosclerosis, stroke, diabetes, neurovascular disorders (e.g., Alzheimer's Disease), hepatic disease (e.g., non-alcoholic steatohepatitis), and skin conditions (e.g., psoriasis). This is the most up-to-date and comprehensive review on VAP-1 focusing on the translational aspects of VAP-1. Compared to recent reviews, our review provides novel insights on VAP-1 and heart failure, stroke and frailty, diabetes, endometriosis, osteoarthritis, COVID-19, conjunctivitis associated systemic lupus erythematosus, hematopoietic stem cells, gliomas, treatment of colorectal cancer with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (U-V269), promoting recovery of motor functions and habit learning with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (PXS-4681A), and 68Ga-DOTA-Siglec-9, a labelled peptide of Siglec-9 (a VAP-1 ligand), which appears to be a safe PET tracer for inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis. Finally, we present the emerging role of VAP-1 in pregnancy as a gatekeeper of immune cells, which are critical for spiral arterial remodeling, the deficiency of which could lead to vascular disorders of pregnancy such as preeclampsia. Future research should prioritize clinical trials on VAP-1 small-molecule inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, thus, maximizing the potential of VAP-1 targeted therapy as well as research into sVAP-1 as a clinical biomarker of diseases and its prognosis.
In vitro activation of the 20S proteasome.; The effect of chemical compounds like sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), fatty acid esters of glycerol, carnitine and coenzyme A, phospholipids, histones, polylysines as well as homobifunctional chemical cross-linkers on the various proteolytic activities of mammalian proteasomes have been tested. Most of the reagents enhance these activities, and some, e.g. fatty acid CoA esters, histones and the chemical cross-linkers, exert dual effects, i.e. activation and inhibition at the same time, depending on the activity measured. With optimally activating concentrations of SDS, no structural changes in proteasomes can be detected by electron microscopy. Formation of micelles at supra-optimal detergent concentrations may be a reason for irreversible denaturation of the proteasome.
Antidiabetic activity of passive nonsteroidal glucocorticoid receptor modulators.; Much has been learned about the consequences of glucocorticoid receptor antagonism by studying steroidal active antagonists such as RU-38486 (1). In the liver glucocorticoid receptor antagonism suppresses hepatic glucose production decreasing plasma glucose levels; however, extrahepatic antagonism produces several undesirable side effects including activation of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis. A series of nonsteroidal passive N-(3-dibenzylamino-2-alkyl-phenyl)-methanesulfonamide glucocorticoid receptor modulators was discovered. Liver selective and systemically available members of this series were found and characterized in diabetes and side effect rodent models. A highly liver selective member of this series, acid 14, shows efficacy in the ob/ob model of diabetes. It lowers plasma glucose, cholesterol, and free fatty acid concentrations and reduces the rate of body weight gain. The structurally related systemically available passive modulator 12 lowers glucose, HbA(1c), triglyceride, free fatty acid, and cholesterol levels. Interestingly, it did not acutely activate the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis in unstressed CD-1 mice or have the abortive effects observed with 1. These results indicate that passive GR antagonists may have utility as antidiabetic agents.
Maternal Exercise-Induced SOD3 Reverses the Deleterious Effects of Maternal High-Fat Diet on Offspring Metabolism Through Stabilization of H3K4me3 and Protection Against WDR82 Carbonylation.; Preclinical studies reveal maternal exercise as a promising intervention to reduce the transmission of multigenerational metabolic dysfunction caused by maternal obesity. The benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health may arise from multiple factors and have recently been shown to involve DNA demethylation of critical hepatic genes leading to enhanced glucose metabolism in offspring. Histone modification is another epigenetic regulator, yet the effects of maternal obesity and exercise on histone methylation in offspring are not known. Here, we find that maternal high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) induced dysregulation of offspring liver glucose metabolism in C57BL/6 mice through a mechanism involving increased reactive oxygen species, WD repeat-containing 82 (WDR82) carbonylation, and inactivation of histone H3 lysine 4 (H3K4) methyltransferase leading to decreased H3K4me3 at the promoters of glucose metabolic genes. Remarkably, the entire signal was restored if the HFD-fed dams had exercised during pregnancy. WDR82 overexpression in hepatoblasts mimicked the effects of maternal exercise on H3K4me3 levels. Placental superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3), but not antioxidant treatment with N-acetylcysteine was necessary for the regulation of H3K4me3, gene expression, and glucose metabolism. Maternal exercise regulates a multicomponent epigenetic system in the fetal liver resulting in the transmission of the benefits of exercise to offspring.
Pregnancy impairs the counterregulatory response to insulin-induced hypoglycemia in the dog.; The impact of pregnancy on the counterregulatory response to insulin-induced hypoglycemia was examined in six nonpregnant (NP) and six pregnant (P; 3rd trimester) conscious dogs by tracer and arteriovenous difference techniques. After basal sampling, insulin was infused intraportally at 30 pmol.kg(-1).min(-1) for 180 min. Insulin rose from 70 +/- 15 to 1,586 +/- 221 pmol/l and 27 +/- 4 to 1,247 +/- 61 pmol/l in the 3rd h in NP and P, respectively. Arterial glucose fell from 5.9 +/- 0.2 to 2.3 +/- 0.2 mmol/l in P. Glucose was infused in NP to equate the rate of fall of glucose and the steady-state concentrations in the groups (5.9 +/- 0.2 to 2.3 +/- 0.1 mmol/l in NP). Glucagon was 32 +/- 6, 69 +/- 11, and 48 +/- 10 ng/l (basal and 1st and 3rd h) in NP, but the response was attenuated in P (34 +/- 5, 46 +/- 6, 41 +/- 9 ng/l). Cortisol and epinephrine rose similarly in both groups, but norepinephrine rose more in NP (Delta3.01 +/- 0.46 and Delta1.31 +/- 0.13 nmol/l, P < 0.05). Net hepatic glucose output (NHGO; micromol.kg(-1).min(-1)) increased from 10.6 +/- 1.8 to 21.2 +/- 3.3 in NP (3rd h) but did not increase in P (15.1 +/- 1.5 to 15.3 +/- 2.8 micromol.kg(-1).min(-1), P < 0.05 between groups). The glycogenolytic contribution to NHGO in NP increased from 5.8 +/- 0.7 to 10.4 +/- 2.5 micromol.kg(-1).min(-1) by 90 min but steadily declined in P. The increase in glycerol levels and the gluconeogenic contribution to NHGO were 50% less in P than in NP, but ketogenesis did not differ. The glucagon and norepinephrine responses to insulin-induced hypoglycemia are blunted in late pregnancy in the dog, impacting on the magnitude of the metabolic responses to the fall in glucose.
Hepatitis C Prevalence and Birth Outcomes among Pregnant Women in the United States: A 2010-2020 Population Study.; BACKGROUND: The rates of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection have increased in the pregnant population. We aim to describe the age-stratified clinical outcomes and trends for inpatient pregnant women with HCV in the U.S. METHODS: We utilized hospitalization data from the 2010-2020 National Inpatient Sample. Pregnancy and HCV were identified according to their ICD-9/ICD-10 codes. Demographic and clinical data including cirrhosis, mortality, preterm birth, and stillbirth were extracted. The age groups were defined as ≤18, 19-25, 26-34, and ≥35 years. RESULTS: We identified 195,852 inpatient pregnant women with HCV, among whom 0.7% were ≤18, 26.7% were 19-25, 57.9% were 26-34, and 14.8% were ≥35 years of age. The hospitalization rates of pregnant women with HCV increased overall between 2010 and 2020, with the highest velocity in the 26-34 age group. The 26-34 age group had the highest HCV burden, with an age-standardized hospitalization rate of 660 per 100,000 in 2020. The rates of mortality and cirrhosis were significantly higher in the HCV cohort and increased further with age (p < 0.05). Among the HCV pregnant cohort, 151,017 (77.1%) delivered during hospitalization. Preterm births and stillbirths were significantly higher in the HCV pregnant cohort compared to the controls across multiple age groups (p < 0.05). Minority race/ethnicity was associated with increased mortality, cirrhosis, preterm birth, and stillbirth (p < 0.001). HIV co-infection, hepatitis B co-infection, and diabetes increased the odds of cirrhosis (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Hospitalizations of pregnant women with HCV are escalating, and these women are at increased risk of mortality, cirrhosis, preterm birth, and stillbirth with modifying factors, exacerbating risks further.
Peptide-based radioimmunoassay for the two isoforms of the human insulin receptor.; The insulin receptor exists in two isoforms differing by the absence (HIR-A) or presence (HIR-B) of 12 amino acids in the COOH-terminus of the alpha-subunit as a consequence of alternative splicing of exon 11. In this study, we developed a radioimmunoassay for the two isoforms employing antibodies raised against two peptides, one (Pep-12) corresponding to residues encoded by exon 11, and the other (Pep-13) corresponding to a COOH-terminal domain of the alpha-subunit which is common to both HIR-A and HIR-B isoforms. These peptides were iodinated and used as both ligands and standards. The assay is specific, highly reproducible, and sensitive with a detection limit of 10 fmol of receptor. One mole of purified insulin receptor, measured by Scatchard analysis, is read as one mole of receptor in the radioimmunoassay with either Pep-12 or Pep-13 as standards. The radioimmunoassay is applicable to the measurement of total content and relative abundance of the two isoforms in extracts from various tissues. We applied the radioimmunoassay to measure the relative abundance of the two isoforms in fat and muscle from normal, obese non-diabetic and non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) subjects. Results demonstrate that expression of the low-affinity HIR-B form is significantly increased in obese and NIDDM subjects compared with control subjects. In addition, the increased expression of the HIR-B isoform was significantly correlated with both body mass index (r = 0.52; p = 0.006) and fasting glucose levels (r = 0.59; p = 0.001).
Placental transfer of non-esterified fatty acids in normal and diabetic pregnancy.; The placental transfer of non-esterified fatty acids, predominantly in the direction of mother to fetus, is regulated on a gross scale by the transplacental non-esterified fatty acid gradient. This is maintained by fetal liver lipid uptake and by enhanced lipolysis of circulating triacylglycerol in the pregnant mother. It is also dependent upon maternal placental blood flow, which is reduced in diabetes, upon the fetal umbilical blood flow, upon maternal and fetal albumin concentrations and upon intratrophoblastic fatty acid binding protein, which appears to be altered in diabetes. Circulating maternal triacylglycerols also directly contribute non-esterified fatty acids to the fetus by intraplacental hydrolysis and the hypertriglyceridaemia associated with maternal diabetes, in concert with changes in lipase levels will enhance maternal to fetal lipid flux.
Porphyria cutanea tarda in pregnancy: a case report.; Porphyria cutanea tarda (PCT) is the most common disorder of porphyria metabolism in Europe and North America. The incidence in women appears to be increasing, perhaps as a result of widespread use of hormonal contraception. Treatment in pregnancy is largely supportive, but screening of the pregnant patient for antinuclear antibodies, diabetes, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and hepatitis should be performed, as there is an association of PCT with these conditions. The baby should also be screened postpartum for PCT. Patients with PCT cope well with normal and operative delivery; however, an anaesthetic plan of management for labour and delivery is advisable.
Preconception health care.; Appropriate preconception health care improves pregnancy outcomes. When started at least one month before conception, folic acid supplements can prevent neural tube defects. Targeted genetic screening and counseling should be offered on the basis of age, ethnic background, or family history. Before conception, women should be screened for human immunodeficiency virus and syphilis infection and begin treatment to prevent the transmission of disease to the fetus. Immunizations against hepatitis B, rubella, and varicella should be completed, if needed. Women should be counseled on ways to prevent infection with toxoplasmosis, cytomegalovirus, and parvovirus B19. Environmental toxins such as cigarette smoke, alcohol, and street drugs, and chemicals such as solvents and pesticides should be avoided. In women with diabetes, it is important to optimize disease control through intensive management before pregnancy. Medications for hypertension, epilepsy, thromboembolism, depression, and anxiety should be reviewed and changed, if necessary, before the patient becomes pregnant. Counseling about exercise, obesity, nutritional deficiencies, and the overuse of vitamins A and D is beneficial. Physicians may also choose to discuss occupational and financial issues related to pregnancy and to screen patients for domestic violence.
Maternal environmental contribution to adult sensitivity and resistance to obesity in Long Evans rats.; BACKGROUND: The OLETF rat is an animal model of early onset hyperphagia induced obesity, presenting multiple pre-obese characteristics during the suckling period. In the present study, we used a cross-fostering strategy to assess whether interactions with obese dams in the postnatal environment contributed to the development of obesity. METHODOLOGY: On postnatal Day (PND)-1 OLETF and control LETO pups were cross-fostered to same or opposite strain dams. An independent ingestion test was performed on PND11 and a nursing test on PND18. Rats were sacrificed at weaning or on PND90, and plasma leptin, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were assayed. Fat pads were collected and weighed and adipocyte size and number were estimated. Body weight and intake, as well as the estrous cycle of the female offspring were monitored. PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: During the suckling period, the pups' phenotype was almost completely determined by the strain of the mother. However, pups independently ingested food according to their genotype, regardless of their actual phenotype. At adulthood, cross fostered males of both strains and LETO females were affected in regard of their adiposity levels in the direction of the foster dam. On the other hand, OLETF females showed almost no alterations in adiposity but were affected by the strain of the dams in parameters related to the metabolic syndrome. Thus, OLETF females showed reduced liver adiposity and circulating levels of ALT, while LETO females presented a disrupted estrous cycle and increased cholesterol and triglycerides in the long term. CONCLUSIONS: The present study provides further support for the early postnatal environment playing a sex-divergent role in programming later life phenotype. In addition, it plays a more central role in determining the functioning of mechanisms involved in energy balance that may provide protection from or sensitivity to later life obesity and pathologies related to the metabolic syndrome.
Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of Melatonin in moderately ill patients with COVID-19: A structured summary of a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: We will evaluate the efficacy and safety of Melatonin, compared to the standard therapeutic regimen on clinical symptoms and serum inflammatory parameters in patients with confirmed COVID-19, who are moderately ill. TRIAL DESIGN: This is a single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with a parallel-group design conducted at Shahid Mohammadi Hospital, Bandar Abbas, Iran. PARTICIPANTS: All patients admitted to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Departments of Shahid Mohammadi Hospital, Bandar Abbas, Iran will be screened for the following criteria. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age ≥20 years 2. Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 diagnosis (positive polymerase chain reaction). 3. Moderate COVID-19 pneumonia (via computed tomography and or X-ray imaging), requiring hospitalization. 4. Hospitalized ≤48 hours. 5. Signing informed consent and willingness of the participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment arm. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Underlying diseases, including chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, seizure, depression, chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis, and cholestatic liver diseases. 2. Severe and critical COVID-19 pneumonia. 3. Use of warfarin, corticosteroids, hormonal drugs, alcohol, other antiviral and investigational medicines, and illegal drugs (during the last 30 days). 4. History of known allergy to Melatonin. 5. Pregnancy and breastfeeding. INTERVENTION AND COMPARATOR: Intervention group: The standard treatment regimen for COVID-19, according to the Iranian Ministry of Health and Medical Education's protocol, along with Melatonin capsules at a dose of 50 mg daily for a period of seven days. CONTROL GROUP: The standard therapeutic regimen for COVID-19 along with Melatonin-like placebo capsules at a dose of one capsule daily for a period of seven days. Both Melatonin and placebo capsules were prepared at the Faculty of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences, Bandar Abbas, Iran. MAIN OUTCOMES: The primary outcomes are the recovery rate of clinical symptoms and oxygen saturation as well as improvement of serum inflammatory parameters, including C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-ɑ), interleukin-1β (IL-1β), and IL-6 within seven days of randomization. The secondary outcomes are the time to improve clinical and paraclinical features along with the incidence of serious adverse drug reactions within seven days of randomization. RANDOMIZATION: Included patients will be allocated to one of the study arms using block randomization in a 1:1 ratio (each block consists of 10 patients). This randomization method ensures a balanced allocation between the arms during the study. A web-based system will generate random numbers for the allocation sequence and concealment of participants. Each number relates to one of the study arms. BLINDING (MASKING): All study participants, clinicians, nurses, research coordinators, and those analyzing the data are blinded to the group assignment. NUMBERS TO BE RANDOMIZED (SAMPLE SIZE): A total of 60 patients randomized into two groups (30 in each group). TRIAL STATUS: The trial protocol is Version 1.0, August 14, 2020. Recruitment began August 22, 2020, and is anticipated to be completed by November 30, 2020. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial protocol has been registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT). The registration number is " IRCT20200506047323N5 ". The registration date was 14 August 2020. FULL PROTOCOL: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting the dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol.
"Oxidative stress induced by phthalates in mammals: State of the art and potential biomarkers".; BACKGROUND: Phthalates, plasticizers that are widely used in consumer products including toys, cosmetics, and food containers, have negative effects in liver, kidney, brain, lung and reproductive system of humans and other mammals. OBJECTIVES: To summarize, describe and discuss the available information on the effects of phthalate exposure in mammals, with emphasis on oxidative stress, and to suggest potential biomarkers of the health risks associated with phthalate exposure. METHODS: An assessment of scientific journals was performed using the PRISMA model for systematic reviews. Manuscripts reporting effects of phthalate exposure on mammalian health published in the last decade were selected according to originality, content, and association to health hazards. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: We identified 25 peer-reviewed articles published between January 1st, 2010 and June 1st, 2021 that fit the aims and selection criteria. Phthalates induce oxidative stress and cell degenerative processes by increasing intracellular reactive species. Antioxidant cytoprotective systems decrease with time of exposure; conversely, oxidative damage markers, including thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS), 8-hydroxy-2'-desoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and malondialdehyde (MDA), increase. Phthalates were associated with endocrine system disfunction, metabolic disorders, infertility, nonviable pregnancy, cell degeneration, growth impairment, tumor development, and cognitive disorders. Phthalates can also aggravate health conditions such as asthma, hepatitis, diabetes, allergies, chronic liver and kidney diseases. Among humans, the more vulnerable subjects to phthalate exposure effects were children and individuals with a prior health condition. CONCLUSION: Chronic exposure to phthalates induces oxidative stress in mammals with concomitant adverse effects in reproductive, respiratory, endocrine, circulatory, and central nervous systems in both in vitro and in vivo trials. Oxidative damage markers and phthalate metabolites levels were the most common biomarkers of phthalate exposure effects. Studies in free-ranging and wild mammals are nil. Further studies on the pathways that lead to metabolic disruption are needed to identify potential treatments against phthalate-induced detrimental effects.
Compartmentalized acyl-CoA metabolism in skeletal muscle regulates systemic glucose homeostasis.; The impaired capacity of skeletal muscle to switch between the oxidation of fatty acid (FA) and glucose is linked to disordered metabolic homeostasis. To understand how muscle FA oxidation affects systemic glucose, we studied mice with a skeletal muscle-specific deficiency of long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase (ACSL)1. ACSL1 deficiency caused a 91% loss of ACSL-specific activity and a 60-85% decrease in muscle FA oxidation. Acsl1(M-/-) mice were more insulin sensitive, and, during an overnight fast, their respiratory exchange ratio was higher, indicating greater glucose use. During endurance exercise, Acsl1(M-/-) mice ran only 48% as far as controls. At the time that Acsl1(M-/-) mice were exhausted but control mice continued to run, liver and muscle glycogen and triacylglycerol stores were similar in both genotypes; however, plasma glucose concentrations in Acsl1(M-/-) mice were ∼40 mg/dL, whereas glucose concentrations in controls were ∼90 mg/dL. Excess use of glucose and the likely use of amino acids for fuel within muscle depleted glucose reserves and diminished substrate availability for hepatic gluconeogenesis. Surprisingly, the content of muscle acyl-CoA at exhaustion was markedly elevated, indicating that acyl-CoAs synthesized by other ACSL isoforms were not available for β-oxidation. This compartmentalization of acyl-CoAs resulted in both an excessive glucose requirement and severely compromised systemic glucose homeostasis.
Thymoquinone ameliorates obesity-induced metabolic dysfunction, improves reproductive efficiency exhibiting a dose-organ relationship.; Women with obesity are more likely to have a complicated reproductive life. Insulin resistance and metabolic dysfunction are associated with obesity. Thymoquinone (TQ) is a well-known antioxidant, considered to be an AMPK-activator. The goal of this work was to investigate the ability of TQ to improve fertility and lactation and clarify the possible mechanism. Female C57BL/6 mice were subjected to High Fat Diet (HFD) supplemented with TQ (10% pmm) and TQ (20% pmm). Histopathological examination was conducted on mammary and ovarian samples. Metabolic and oxidant status was evaluated, and qRT-PCR analysis was performed to verify AMPK/PGC1α/SIRT1 metabolic pathway activity. The present study reports positive effects of TQ on ovarian metabolic function in a dose-dependent manner. TQ showed its positive effects on mammary gland metabolic function at lower dose. This is the first study that indicates these dose related impacts of TQ. Abbreviations: AKT1: serine-threonine protein kinase 1; AMPK: 5' AMP-activated protein kinase; CAT: catalase; CON: control; FBS: fasting blood sugar; GLUT1: glucose transporter 1; GSH: reduced glutathione; GSSG: Glutathione disulfide; HE: hematoxylin and eosin stains; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; HFD: high fat diet; IL-6: interleukin-6; K18: keratin 18; LD: lactation day; LDL: low-density lipoprotein; LKB1: serine-threonine liver kinase B1; MDA: malondialdehyde; mTOR: the mammalian target of rapamycin; NAD: nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide; NADH: nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate; NS: nigella sativa; PBS: phosphate-buffered saline; PGC1α: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1-alpha; SIRT1: sirtuin 1; SOD: superoxide dismutase; T-AOC: total antioxidants; TFAM: transcription factor A mitochondrial; TG: triglycerides; TNF-α: tumor necrosis factor-α; TQ: thymoquinone; TQ10: high fat diet + thymoquinone 10% ppm; TQ20: high fat diet + thymoquinone 20% ppm; UCP2: uncoupling Protein 2.
Iron overload phenotypes and HFE genotypes in white hemochromatosis and iron overload screening study participants without HFE p.C282Y/p.C282Y.; BACKGROUND: Screening program participants with iron overload (IO) phenotypes without HFE p.C282Y/p.C282Y are incompletely characterized. METHODS: We studied white participants who had IO phenotypes without p.C282Y/p.C282Y in post-screening clinical examinations (CE). We defined IO phenotypes as a) elevated serum ferritin (SF) and transferrin saturation (TS) at screening and CE, and b) absence of IO treatment, anemia, transfusion >10 units, alcohol intake >30 g/d, hepatitis B or C, and pregnancy. We defined IO-related disease as elevated alanine or aspartate aminotransferase (ALT/AST) or swelling/tenderness of 2nd/3rd metacarpophalangeal (MCP) joints. All participants had HFE p.C282Y and p.H63D genotyping. RESULTS: There were 32 men and 26 women (mean age 54±16 y). Median food/supplemental iron intakes were 14.3/0.0 mg/d. Relative risks of HFE genotypes were 12.9 (p.C282Y/p.H63D), 3.0 (p.H63D/p.H63D), 1.9 (p.C282Y/wt), 0.9 (p.H63D/wt), and 0.5 (wt/wt) compared to 42,640 white screening participants without IO phenotypes or p.C282Y/p.C282Y. Regression on SF revealed positive associations: MCV (p = 0.0006; β coefficient = 0.4531); swelling/tenderness of MCP joints (p = 0.0033; β = 0.3455); and p.H63D/wt (p = 0.0015; β = 0.4146). IO-related disease (18 elevated ALT/AST, one swelling/tenderness of MCP joints) occurred in 19 participants (7 men, 12 women). Median MCV was higher in participants with IO-related disease (97 fL vs. 94 fL; p = 0.0007). Logistic regression on IO-related disease revealed a significant association with diabetes (p = 0.0416; odds ratio 18.9 (95% confidence interval 1.0, 341.1)). CONCLUSIONS: In the present 58 screening program participants who had IO phenotypes without HFE p.C282Y/p.C282Y, relative risks of HFE genotypes p.C282Y/p.H63D, p.H63D/p.H63D, and p.C282Y/wt were significantly higher than in 42,640 white screening participants with neither IO phenotypes nor p.C282Y/p.C282Y. SF was significantly associated with MCV, swelling/tenderness of 2nd/3rd MCP joints, and p.H63D/wt. IO-related disease was significantly associated with MCV and diabetes.
Inhibition of autophagy with expression of NADPH oxidase subunit p22phox in preneoplastic lesions in a high-fat diet and streptozotocin-related hepatocarcinogenesis rat model.; To study the effects of autophagy inducer carbamazepine (CBZ) in a high-fat diet (HFD)/streptozotocin (STZ)-related early hepatocarcinogenesis model, we determined autophagic flux by immunohistochemical analysis of autophagy marker expression in preneoplastic liver foci and compared that with the expression of the NADPH oxidase subunit. Male F344 rats were fed a basal diet or HFD and subjected to two-stage hepatocarcinogenesis; diabetes mellitus was induced via STZ administration. Several STZ-treated, HFD-fed rats were administered CBZ (a total of five doses every one or two days) at week 7 and 8. STZ-treated, HFD-fed rats decreased β cells in the islet of Langerhans and increased adipophilin-positive lipid droplets in the liver; moreover, they had a larger area of glutathione S-transferase placental form-immunopositive preneoplastic liver foci, which was associated with inhibition of autophagy and induction of the NADPH oxidase subunit, as demonstrated by increased immunohistochemical expression of an autophagosome receptor marker microtubule-associated protein light chain 3 (LC3)-binding protein p62, and of an NADPH oxidase subunit p22phox in the preneoplastic foci. An increased trend of an autophagy phagophore marker LC3 in preneoplastic foci was also detected. CBZ administration could induce autophagy and impair p22phox expression, as shown by altered expression of autophagy regulators (Atg5, Atg6, Lamp1, Lamp2, and Lc3), NADPH oxidase subunits (P22phox and P67phox), and antioxidant enzymes Gpx1 and Gpx2. These results suggest that inhibition of autophagy and induction of p22phox might contribute to HFD/STZ-related early hepatocarcinogenesis in rats; however, the effects of CBZ administration on the STZ/HFD-increased preneoplastic foci were marginal in this study.
Obese mother offspring have hepatic lipidic modulation that contributes to sex-dependent metabolic adaptation later in life.; With the increasing prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age, there is an urgent need to understand the metabolic impact on the fetus. Sex-related susceptibility to liver diseases has been demonstrated but the underlying mechanism remains unclear. Here we report that maternal obesity impacts lipid metabolism differently in female and male offspring. Males, but not females, gained more weight and had impaired insulin sensitivity when born from obese mothers compared to control. Although lipid mass was similar in the livers of female and male offspring, sex-specific modifications in the composition of fatty acids, triglycerides and phospholipids was observed. These overall changes could be linked to sex-specific regulation of genes controlling metabolic pathways. Our findings revised the current assumption that sex-dependent susceptibility to metabolic disorders is caused by sex-specific postnatal regulation and instead we provide molecular evidence supporting in utero metabolic adaptations in the offspring of obese mothers.
Differential effects of prenatal stress on metabolic programming in diet-induced obese and dietary-resistant rats.; Stress during pregnancy is a known contributing factor for the development of obesity in the offspring. Since maternal obesity is on the rise, we wanted to identify the effects of prenatal stress in the offspring of diet-induced obese (DIO) rats and compare them with the offspring of dietary-resistant (DR) rats. We hypothesized that prenatal stress would make both DIO and DR offspring susceptible to obesity, but the effect would be more pronounced in DIO rats. Pregnant DIO and DR rats were divided into two groups: nonstressed controls (control) and prenatal stress (subjected to restraint stress, three times/day from days 14 to 21 of gestation). After recording birth weight and weaning weight, male offspring were weaned onto a chow diet for 9 wk and shifted to a high-fat (HF) diet for 1 wk. At the end of the 10th wk the animals were euthanized, and visceral adipose mass, blood glucose, serum insulin, and C-peptide levels were measured. Prenatal stress resulted in hyperinsulinemia and higher C-peptide levels without altering caloric intake, body weight gain, or fat mass in the DIO offspring after 1 wk of HF intake, but not in DR offspring. To determine the mechanism underlying the hyperinsulinemia, we measured the levels of CEACAM1 that are responsible for insulin clearance. CEACAM1 levels in the liver were reduced in prenatally stressed DIO offspring after the HF challenge, suggesting that preexisting genetic predisposition in combination with prenatal stress increases the risk for obesity in adulthood, especially when offspring are fed a HF diet.
An estimate of blood donor eligibility in the general population.; To estimate the number of adults medically eligible to donate blood, the percent of the general population over the age of 16 deferrable by 13 current American Red Cross donor guidelines was calculated using the best available United States data. Categories examined included age, weight, hematocrit, pregnancy, blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes requiring insulin, male homosexual activity since 1977, intravenous drug use, sexual partner of high-risk group member, recent transfusion, history of cancer, and other (medical, surgical, travel history). Sex-specific total eligibility rates were estimated by serial multiplication of individual eligibility rates (1.0 minus deferral rates) to account for the proportionate overlap of independent categories, with corrections for expected associations between categories. The resultant eligibility rates for women (57%) and men (70%) indicate fewer eligible donors than commonly stated. Surrogate testing (ALT, anti-HBc) for non-A, non-B hepatitis would further reduce the percent of eligible donors to 55 and 67%, respectively. Based on the actual numbers of women and men in the population, these calculations indicate that an equal number of women and men are medically eligible to donate.
Receipt of Selected Preventive Health Services for Women and Men of Reproductive Age - United States, 2011-2013.; PROBLEM/CONDITION: Receipt of key preventive health services among women and men of reproductive age (i.e., 15-44 years) can help them achieve their desired number and spacing of healthy children and improve their overall health. The 2014 publication Providing Quality Family Planning Services: Recommendations of CDC and the U.S. Office of Population Affairs (QFP) establishes standards for providing a core set of preventive services to promote these goals. These services include contraceptive care for persons seeking to prevent or delay pregnancy, pregnancy testing and counseling, basic infertility services for those seeking to achieve pregnancy, sexually transmitted disease (STD) services, and other preconception care and related preventive health services. QFP describes how to provide these services and recommends using family planning and other primary care visits to screen for and offer the full range of these services. This report presents baseline estimates of the use of these preventive services before the publication of QFP that can be used to monitor progress toward improving the quality of preventive care received by women and men of reproductive age. PERIOD COVERED: 2011-2013. DESCRIPTION OF THE SYSTEM: Three surveillance systems were used to document receipt of preventive health services among women and men of reproductive age as recommended in QFP. The National Survey of Family Growth (NSFG) collects data on factors that influence reproductive health in the United States since 1973, with a focus on fertility, sexual activity, contraceptive use, reproductive health care, family formation, child care, and related topics. NSFG uses a stratified, multistage probability sample to produce nationally representative estimates for the U.S. household population of women and men aged 15-44 years. This report uses data from the 2011-2013 NSFG. The Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) is an ongoing, state- and population-based surveillance system designed to monitor selected maternal behaviors and experiences that occur before, during, and shortly after pregnancy among women who deliver live-born infants in the United States. Annual PRAMS data sets are created and used to produce statewide estimates of preconception and perinatal health behaviors and experiences. This report uses PRAMS data for 2011-2012 from 11 states (Hawaii, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, and West Virginia). The National Health Interview Survey (NHIS) is a nationally representative survey of noninstitutionalized civilians in the United States. NHIS collects data on a broad range of health topics, including the prevalence, distribution, and effects of illness and disability and the services rendered for or because of such conditions. Households are identified through a multistage probability household sampling design, and estimates are produced using weights that account for the sampling design, nonresponse, and poststratification adjustments. This report uses data from the 2013 NHIS for women aged 18-44 years. RESULTS: Many preventive health services recommended in QFP were not received by all women and men of reproductive age. For contraceptive services, including contraceptive counseling and advice, 46.5% of women aged 15-44 years at risk for unintended pregnancy received services in the past year, and 4.5% of men who had vaginal intercourse in the past year received services in that year. For sexually transmitted disease (STD) services, among all women aged 15-24 years who had oral, anal, or vaginal sex with an opposite sex partner in the past year, 37.5% were tested for chlamydia in that year. Among persons aged 15-44 years who were at risk because they were not in a mutually monogamous relationship during the past year, 45.3% of women were tested for chlamydia and 32.5% of men were tested for any STD in that year. For preconception care and related preventive health services, data from selected states indicated that 33.2% of women with a recent live birth (i.e., 2-9 months postpartum) talked with a health care professional about improving their health before their most recent pregnancy; of selected preconception counseling topics, the most frequently discussed was taking vitamins with folic acid before pregnancy (81.2%), followed by achieving a healthy weight before pregnancy (62.9%) and how drinking alcohol (60.3%) or smoking (58.2%) during pregnancy can affect a baby. Nationally, among women aged 18-44 years irrespective of pregnancy status, 80.9% had their blood pressure checked by a health care professional and 31.7% received an influenza vaccine in the past year; 54.5% of those with high blood pressure were tested for diabetes, 44.9% of those with obesity had a health care professional talk with them about their diet, and 55.2% of those who were current smokers had a health professional talk with them about their smoking in the past year. Among all women aged 21-44 years, 81.6% received a Papanicolaou (Pap) test in the past 3 years. Receipt of certain preventive services varied by age and race/ethnicity. Among women with a recent live birth, the percentage of those who talked with a health care professional about improving their health before their most recent pregnancy increased with age (range: 25.9% and 25.2% for women aged ≤19 and 20-24 years, respectively, to 35.9% and 37.8% for women aged 25-34 and ≥35 years, respectively). Among women with a recent live birth, the percentage of those who talked with a health care professional about improving their health before their most recent pregnancy was higher for non-Hispanic white (white) (35.2%) compared with non-Hispanic black (black) (30.0%) and Hispanic (26.0%) women. Conversely, across most STD screening services evaluated, testing was highest among black women and men and lowest among their white counterparts. Receipt of many preventive services recommended in QFP increased consistently across categories of family income and continuity of health insurance coverage. Prevalence of service receipt was highest among women in the highest family income category (>400% of federal poverty level [FPL]) and among women with insurance coverage for each of the following: contraceptive services among women at risk for unintended pregnancy; medical services beyond advice to help achieve pregnancy; vaccinations (hepatitis B and human papillomavirus [HPV], ever; tetanus, past 10 years; influenza, past year); discussions with a health care professional about improving health before pregnancy and taking vitamins with folic acid; blood pressure and diabetes screening; discussions with a health care professional in the past year about diet, among those with obesity; discussions with a health care professional in the past year about smoking, among current smokers; Pap tests within the past 3 years; and mammograms within the past 2 years. INTERPRETATION: Before 2014, many women and men of reproductive age were not receiving several of the preventive services recommended for them in QFP. Although differences existed by age and race/ethnicity, across the range of recommended services, receipt was consistently lower among women and men with lower family income and greater instability in health insurance coverage. PUBLIC HEALTH ACTION: Information in this report on baseline receipt during 2011-2013 of preventive services for women and men of reproductive age can be used to target improvements in the use of recommended services through the development ofresearch priorities, information for decision makers, and public health practice. Health care administrators and practitioners can use the information to identify subpopulations with the greatest need for preventive services and make informed decisions on resource allocation. Public health researchers can use the information to guide research on the determinants of service use and factors that might increase use of preventive services. Policymakers can use this information to evaluate the impact of policy changes and assess resource needs for effective programs, research, and surveillance on the use of preventive health services for women and men of reproductive age.
Consumption of sucrose, but not high fructose corn syrup, leads to increased adiposity and dyslipidaemia in the pregnant and lactating rat.; Excess consumption of added sugars, including sucrose and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55), have been implicated in the global epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes. This study aimed to investigate and compare the impact of maternal consumption of sucrose or HFCS-55 during pregnancy and lactation on the metabolic health of the dam and her offspring at birth. Female Albino Wistar rats were given access to chow and water, in addition to a sucrose or HFCS-55 beverage (10% w/v) before, and during pregnancy and lactation. Maternal glucose tolerance was determined throughout the study, and a postmortem was conducted on dams following lactation, and on offspring within 24 h of birth. Sucrose and HFCS-55 consumption resulted in increased total energy intake compared with controls, however the increase from sucrose consumption was accompanied by a compensatory decrease in chow consumption. There was no effect of sucrose or HFCS-55 consumption on body weight, however sucrose consumption resulted in increased adiposity and elevated total plasma cholesterol in the dam, while HFCS-55 consumption resulted in increased plasma insulin and decreased plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). Maternal HFCS-55 consumption was associated with decreased relative liver weight and plasma NEFA in the offspring at birth. There was no effect of either treatment on pup weight at birth. These findings suggest that both sucrose and HFCS-55 consumption during pregnancy and lactation have the potential to impact negatively on maternal metabolic health, which may have adverse consequences for the long-term health of the offspring.
Obesity Reduces Maternal Blood Triglyceride Concentrations by Reducing Angiopoietin-Like Protein 4 Expression in Mice.; To ensure fetal lipid supply, maternal blood triglyceride (TG) concentrations are robustly elevated during pregnancy. Interestingly, a lower increase in maternal blood TG concentrations has been observed in some obese mothers. We have shown that high-fat (HF) feeding during pregnancy significantly reduces maternal blood TG levels. Therefore, we performed this study to investigate if and how obesity alters maternal blood TG levels. Maternal obesity was established by prepregnant HF (ppHF) feeding, which avoided the dietary effect during pregnancy. We found not only that maternal blood TG concentrations in ppHF dams were remarkably lower than in control dams but also that the TG peak occurred earlier during gestation. Hepatic TG production and intestinal TG absorption were unchanged in ppHF dams, but systemic lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity was increased, suggesting that increased blood TG clearance contributes to the decreased blood TG concentrations in ppHF dams. Although significantly higher levels of UCP1 protein were observed in interscapular brown adipose tissue (iBAT) of ppHF dams, Ucp1 gene deletion did not restore blood TG concentrations in ppHF dams. Expression of the angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4), a potent endogenous LPL inhibitor, was significantly increased during pregnancy. However, the pregnancy-induced elevation of blood TG was almost abolished in Angptl4 (-/-) dams. Compared with control dams, Angptl4 mRNA levels were significantly lower in iBAT, gonadal white adipose tissue, and livers of ppHF dams. Importantly, ectopic overexpression of ANGPTL4 restored maternal blood TG concentrations in ppHF dams. Together, these results indicate that ANGPTL4 plays a vital role in increasing maternal blood TG concentrations during pregnancy. Obesity impairs the rise of maternal blood TG concentrations by reducing ANGPTL4 expression in mice.
Vaccination for pregnant women: need to address.; Pregnancy is a critically important state for any women in her life time. Administration of a vaccine to a pregnant woman is not a routine event and it is generally preferred to administer vaccines either prior to conception or in the postpartum period. Currently vaccination with inactivated vaccines are recommended due to potential risk to mother and fetus with live vaccines. Multiple factors determine the administration of the vaccines for example age, life style, medical conditions (e.g., asthma, diabetes etc.), type and location of travel and status of previous vaccination. If pregnant woman is exposed to these vaccines or if pregnancy occurs soon after vaccination, the women should be counselled regarding the risks to the fetus and vaccination should not be a reason to consider termination of pregnancy. Further research in vaccination among pregnancy is warranted for the safety of the pregnant women and their newborn for a healthy living and better life.
Porphyria cutanea tarda and pregnancy.; Porphyria cutanea tarda is the most common disorder of porphyrin metabolism in Europe and North America. The disorder is characterized by specific cutaneous lesions, associated systemic findings, and excessive accumulation and excretion of uroporphyrin and coproporphyrins. Reports of this condition associated with pregnancy are scarce in the literature. In this review, we present the case of a patient with porphyria cutanea tarda to illustrate the natural progression and complications of the disorder during pregnancy. Based in this report and a review of the published cases, pregnancy may exacerbate the cutaneous lesions of porphyria cutanea tarda during the first trimester. The incidence of diabetes, antinuclear antibodies, and hepatitis B and C are increased among them, making glucose tolerance and antibody testing mandatory. Newborns should be tested for the disorder during the neonatal period. Genetic counseling is advisable as well as teaching avoidance of provocative factors in affected children.
Loss of delta-6-desaturase activity as a key factor in aging.; Aging is characterized by a wide variety of defects, particularly in the cardiovascular and immune systems. Cyclic AMP levels fall, especially in lymphocytes. Delta-6-desaturase (D6D) levels have been found to fall rapidly in the testes and more slowly in the liver in aging rats. D6D is an enzyme which converts cis-linoleic acid to gamma-linolenic acid (GLA). Other factors which inhibit D6D activity are diabetes, alcohol and radiation, all of which may be associated with accelerated aging. In meat eaters or omnivores which can acquire arachidonic acid from food, the main consequences of D6D loss will be deficiencies of GLA, dihomogamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and prostaglandin (PG) E1. PGE1 activates T lymphocytes, inhibits smooth muscle proliferation and thrombosis, is important in gonadal function and raises cyclic AMP levels in many tissues. It is a good candidate for a key factor lost in aging. Moderate food restriction, the only manoeuvre which consistently slows aging in homoiotherms, raises D6D activity by 300%. Other factors important in regulating D6D and the conversion of GLA to PGE1 are zinc, pyridoxine, ascorbic acid, the pineal hormone, melatonin, and possibly vitamin B3. GLA administration to humans has been found to lower blood pressure and cholesterol, and to cause clinical improvement in patients with Sjogren's syndrome, scleroderma and alcoholism. These diseases are associated with some features of accelerated aging. The proposition that D6D loss is not only a marker of aging but a cause of some of its major manifestations is amenable to experimental test even in humans. The blocked enzyme can be by-passed by giving GLA directly.
Metabolic programming of adipose tissue structure and function in male rat offspring by prenatal undernutrition.; BACKGROUND: A number of different pathways to obesity with different metabolic outcomes are recognised. Prenatal undernutrition in rats leads to increased fat deposition in adulthood. However, the form of obesity is metabolically distinct from obesity induced through other pathways (e.g. diet-induced obesity). Previous rat studies have shown that maternal undernutrition during pregnancy led to insulin hyper-secretion and obesity in offspring, but not to systemic insulin resistance. Increased muscle and liver glycogen stores indicated that glucose is taken up efficiently, reflecting an active physiological function of these energy storage tissues. It is increasingly recognised that adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of metabolism and pathophysiology of obesity development. The present study investigated the cell size and endocrine responsiveness of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue from prenatally undernourished rats. We aimed to identify whether these adipose tissue depots contribute to the altered energy metabolism observed in these offspring. METHODS: Adipocyte size was measured in both subcutaneous (ScAT) and retroperitoneal adipose tissue (RpAT) in male prenatally ad libitum fed (AD) or prenatally undernourished (UN) rat offspring. Metabolic responses were investigated in adipose tissue explants stimulated by insulin and beta3 receptor agonists ex vivo. Expression of markers of insulin signalling was determined by Western blot analyses. Data were analysed by unpaired t-test or Two Way ANOVA followed by Fisher's PLSD post-hoc test, where appropriate. RESULTS: Adipocytes in offspring of undernourished mothers were larger, even at a lower body weight, in both RpAT and ScAT. The insulin response of adipose tissue was reduced in ScAT, and statistically absent in RpAT of UN rats compared with control. This lack of RpAT insulin response was associated with reduced expression of insulin signalling pathway proteins. Adrenergic receptor-driven lipolysis was observed in both adipose depots; however insulin failed to express its anti-lipolytic effect in RpAT in both, AD and UN offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic dysregulation in offspring of undernourished mothers is mediated by increased adipocyte size and reduced insulin responsiveness in both ScAT and especially in RpAT. These functional and morphological changes in adipocytes were accompanied by impaired activity of the insulin signalling cascade highlighting the important role of different adipose tissue depots in the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders.
Trends, Characteristics, and Maternal Morbidity Associated With Unhoused Status in Pregnancy.; IMPORTANCE: Unhoused status is a substantial problem in the US. Pregnancy characteristics and maternal outcomes of individuals experiencing homelessness are currently under active investigation to optimize health outcomes for this population. OBJECTIVE: To assess the trends, characteristics, and maternal outcomes associated with unhoused status in pregnancy. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional study analyzed data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project National (Nationwide) Inpatient Sample. The study population included hospitalizations for vaginal and cesarean deliveries from January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2020. Unhoused status of these patients was identified from use of International Statistical Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification code Z59.0. Statistical analysis was conducted from December 2022 to June 2023. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes were (1) temporal trends; (2) patient and pregnancy characteristics associated with unhoused status, which were assessed with a multivariable logistic regression model; (3) delivery outcomes, including severe maternal morbidity (SMM) and mortality at delivery, which used the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention definition for SMM indicators and were assessed with a propensity score-adjusted model; and (4) choice of long-acting reversible contraception method and surgical sterilization at delivery. RESULTS: A total of 18 076 440 hospital deliveries were included, of which 18 970 involved pregnant patients who were experiencing homelessness at the time of delivery, for a prevalence rate of 104.9 per 100 000 hospital deliveries. These patients had a median (IQR) age of 29 (25-33) years. The prevalence of unhoused patients increased by 72.1% over a 5-year period from 76.1 in 2016 to 131.0 in 2020 per 100 000 deliveries (P for trend < .001). This association remained independent in multivariable analysis. In addition, (1) substance use disorder (tobacco, illicit drugs, and alcohol use disorder), (2) mental health conditions (schizophrenia, bipolar, depressive, and anxiety disorders, including suicidal ideation and past suicide attempt), (3) infectious diseases (hepatitis, gonorrhea, syphilis, herpes, and COVID-19), (4) patient characteristics (Black and Native American race and ethnicity, younger and older age, low or unknown household income, obesity, pregestational hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and asthma), and (5) pregnancy characteristics (prior uterine scar, excess weight gain during pregnancy, and preeclampsia) were associated with unhoused status in pregnancy. Unhoused status was associated with extreme preterm delivery (<28-week gestation: 34.3 vs 10.8 per 1000 deliveries; adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 2.76 [95% CI, 2.55-2.99]); SMM at in-hospital delivery (any morbidity: 53.8 vs 17.7 per 1000 deliveries; AOR, 2.30 [95% CI, 2.15-2.45]); and in-hospital mortality (0.8 vs <0.1 per 1000 deliveries; AOR, 10.17 [95% CI, 6.10-16.94]), including case fatality risk after SMM (1.5% vs 0.3%; AOR, 4.46 [95% CI, 2.67-7.45]). Individual morbidity indicators associated with unhoused status included cardiac arrest (AOR, 12.43; 95% CI, 8.66-17.85), cardiac rhythm conversion (AOR, 6.62; 95% CI, 3.98-11.01), ventilation (AOR, 6.24; 95% CI, 5.03-7.74), and sepsis (AOR, 5.37; 95% CI, 4.53-6.36). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Results of this national cross-sectional study suggest that unhoused status in pregnancy gradually increased in the US during the 5-year study period and that pregnant patients with unhoused status were a high-risk pregnancy group.
Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance - United States, 2015.; PROBLEM: Priority health-risk behaviors contribute to the leading causes of morbidity and mortality among youth and adults. Population-based data on these behaviors at the national, state, and local levels can help monitor the effectiveness of public health interventions designed to protect and promote the health of youth nationwide. REPORTING PERIOD COVERED: September 2014-December 2015. DESCRIPTION OF THE SYSTEM: The Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System (YRBSS) monitors six categories of priority health behaviors among youth and young adults: 1) behaviors that contribute to unintentional injuries and violence; 2) tobacco use; 3) alcohol and other drug use; 4) sexual behaviors related to unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), including human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection; 5) unhealthy dietary behaviors; and 6) physical inactivity. In addition, YRBSS monitors the prevalence of obesity and asthma and other priority health behaviors. YRBSS includes a national school-based Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS) conducted by CDC and state and large urban school district school-based YRBSs conducted by state and local education and health agencies. This report summarizes results for 118 health behaviors plus obesity, overweight, and asthma from the 2015 national survey, 37 state surveys, and 19 large urban school district surveys conducted among students in grades 9-12. RESULTS: Results from the 2015 national YRBS indicated that many high school students are engaged in priority health-risk behaviors associated with the leading causes of death among persons aged 10-24 years in the United States. During the 30 days before the survey, 41.5% of high school students nationwide among the 61.3% who drove a car or other vehicle during the 30 days before the survey had texted or e-mailed while driving, 32.8% had drunk alcohol, and 21.7% had used marijuana. During the 12 months before the survey, 15.5% had been electronically bullied, 20.2% had been bullied on school property, and 8.6% had attempted suicide. Many high school students are engaged in sexual risk behaviors that relate to unintended pregnancies and STIs, including HIV infection. Nationwide, 41.2% of students had ever had sexual intercourse, 30.1% had had sexual intercourse during the 3 months before the survey (i.e., currently sexually active), and 11.5% had had sexual intercourse with four or more persons during their life. Among currently sexually active students, 56.9% had used a condom during their last sexual intercourse. Results from the 2015 national YRBS also indicated many high school students are engaged in behaviors associated with chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes. During the 30 days before the survey, 10.8% of high school students had smoked cigarettes and 7.3% had used smokeless tobacco. During the 7 days before the survey, 5.2% of high school students had not eaten fruit or drunk 100% fruit juices and 6.7% had not eaten vegetables. More than one third (41.7%) had played video or computer games or used a computer for something that was not school work for 3 or more hours per day on an average school day and 14.3% had not participated in at least 60 minutes of any kind of physical activity that increased their heart rate and made them breathe hard on at least 1 day during the 7 days before the survey. Further, 13.9% had obesity and 16.0% were overweight. INTERPRETATION: Many high school students engage in behaviors that place them at risk for the leading causes of morbidity and mortality. The prevalence of most health behaviors varies by sex, race/ethnicity, and grade and across states and large urban school districts. Long-term temporal changes also have occurred. Since the earliest year of data collection, the prevalence of most health-risk behaviors has decreased (e.g., riding with a driver who had been drinking alcohol, physical fighting, current cigarette use, current alcohol use, and current sexual activity), but the prevalence of other behaviors and health outcomes has not changed (e.g., suicide attempts treated by a doctor or nurse, smokeless tobacco use, having ever used marijuana, and attending physical education classes) or has increased (e.g., having not gone to school because of safety concerns, obesity, overweight, not eating vegetables, and not drinking milk). Monitoring emerging risk behaviors (e.g., texting and driving, bullying, and electronic vapor product use) is important to understand how they might vary over time. PUBLIC HEALTH ACTION: YRBSS data are used widely to compare the prevalence of health behaviors among subpopulations of students; assess trends in health behaviors over time; monitor progress toward achieving 21 national health objectives for Healthy People 2020 and one of the 26 leading health indicators; provide comparable state and large urban school district data; and help develop and evaluate school and community policies, programs, and practices designed to decrease health-risk behaviors and improve health outcomes among youth.
Resveratrol Supplementation in Obese Pregnant Rats Improves Maternal Metabolism and Prevents Increased Placental Oxidative Stress.; Maternal obesity (MO) causes maternal and fetal oxidative stress (OS) and metabolic dysfunction. We investigated whether supplementing obese mothers with resveratrol improves maternal metabolic alterations and reduces OS in the placenta and maternal and fetal liver. From weaning through pregnancy female Wistar rats ate chow (C) or a high-fat diet (MO). One month before mating until 19 days' gestation (dG), half the rats received 20 mg resveratrol/kg/d orally (Cres and MOres). At 19dG, maternal body weight, retroperitoneal fat adipocyte size, metabolic parameters, and OS biomarkers in the placenta and liver were determined. MO mothers showed higher body weight, triglycerides and leptin serum concentrations, insulin resistance (IR), decreased small and increased large adipocytes, liver fat accumulation, and hepatic upregulation of genes related to IR and inflammatory processes. Placenta, maternal and fetal liver OS biomarkers were augmented in MO. MOres mothers showed more small and fewer large adipocytes, lower triglycerides serum concentrations, IR and liver fat accumulation, downregulation of genes related to IR and inflammatory processes, and lowered OS in mothers, placentas, and female fetal liver. Maternal resveratrol supplementation in obese rats improves maternal metabolism and reduces placental and liver OS of mothers and fetuses in a sex-dependent manner.
[The fetal adrenal gland in risk pregnancy].; INTRODUCTION: The role of the adrenal gland in the metabolism of foetus and its role in maturation of foetal organs are the principal motives for paying more attention to this vital organ, which is still a great enigma for gynaecologists. The control of the gland is important in normal as well as in risk pregnancies. Of the entities that most often imperil the growth of foetus and adrenal glands are diabetes and hypertension in pregnancy. A consequence of the maternal diabetes may be macrosomy of foetus manifested by increase in foetal body mass and enlargement of organs sensitive to increased concentration of insulin in the foetal blood [6], i.e., the liver, fat tissue, lungs, adrenal glands, heart. Brown and Singer (1988) [2] established that adrenal glands of foetus are imperiled in pregnancies complicated by mother's hypertension. Their conclusion was derived from pathologic findings in foetuses from unsuccessful pregnancies of patients with hypertension. The glands were of reduced sizes. The way to perform precise measuring of glands, which are of dilapidated composition during post mortem examination, is not quite acceptable, since during the manipulation the size may, to some degree, be altered. By introduction of the ultrasound method in medical practice the problem of biometry has been overcome. Besides measuring, of great importance for the study of physiology of the gland is also the analysis of the foetal fluid and foetal blood. The first successful measuring of the adrenal gland of foetus by ultrasound was performed in mid 80s of the last century by Jeanty and Romero [3] via transabdominal path. The aim of our study is the comparison of foetal adrenal glands in normal and high-risk pregnancies. MATERIAL AND METHODS: During a prospective follow-up carried out at the Institute of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Clinical Centre of Serbia, 213 patients, aged from 19 to 44 years were examined. Gestation periods were from the 11th to the 40th week. We divided the patients in 3 groups. The first group consisted of 131 patients with no pathologic changes and whose children were born alive. The second group was formed of 75 pregnant women in whom the course of pregnancy was impaired and disorders in the foetal. From these pregnancies the children were born alive. The third group was composed of 7 patients in whom abortion was indicated. The measured values of foetal adrenal glands diameter in the first group (131 patients), were used for making a nomogram of the glands growth. The measuring was performed with ultrasound apparatus "Toshiba 100 SSA". Transabdominal examination with a probe of 3.75 MHz and transvaginal examination with probes of 5 and 7 MHz were performed. Since the picture of the adrenal gland resembled an ellipse, on the basis of measured diameters and using the formula for circumference of this geometric figure [O = (d1 + d2) x pi/2], we obtained the desired value, which increased with advancement of pregnancy. Patients included in the study were with one-foetus pregnancy, whose last menstruation was precisely dated. Data are presented in a chart. For analysis of the obtained data, in addition to parameter methods, we also used the linear correlation and regression and one-factor analysis of variance. Data base analysis was made in the SPSS for DOS package. RESULTS: In making a nomogram of adrenal glands growth of a foetus old between 11 and 40 weeks, 131 of 213 patients were included, while the other foetuses were excluded as they belonged to high-risk pregnancies. Correlation of the growth of adrenal glands circumference and gestation period of pregnancy are also highly statistically important. The correlation coefficient of the straight line which represents this dependancy, is R = 0.8916, for the significance level of p < 0.01 (GRAPH 1). We observed how the course of pregnancy influenced the growth of foetal adrenal gland in normal pregnancies and in foetuses impaired by a pathological pregnancy course. By the method of one-way variance analysis, we obtained the value of the test, which was F = 2.79; p = 0.07. The graphical presentation of adrenal glands of a foetus in the appropriate week of gestation revealed that dimensions of glands in pregnancies impaired by diabetes were larger than those in normal gestations, and that they were at the top of border value of +2 SD or even over this limit. The statistically obtained value was F = 1.81; p > 0.05 (p = 0.06 and it was close to the border value for the significance level of p < 0.05); however, for glands of pregnancies complicated with hypertension the value was F = 1.61; p = 0.063 and the border value near -2 SD. Data are presented in a chart, regarding nomograms and adrenal glands of risk pregnancies. DISCUSSION: In 1993 Bronstein and colleagues [1] proved that the route of visualization of an adrenal gland was not only transabdominal. They succeeded in detecting the glands by transvaginal ultrasound examination in the 12th week. Jeanty and Romero [3] performed a successful transabdominal visualization in the 23rd week of gestation. By ultrasound prenatal examination we can determine the existence of hyperplasia of adrenal glands (Kelnar 1993) [5]. With ultrasound examination we can also diagnose tumours of the medulla, such as neuroblastoma (Jennings and colleagues 1993) [4]. In our study we reported on the visualization and growth of foetal adrenal glands in the period from the 11th to the 40th week of gestation. We presented the growth of foetal adrenal glands in normal gestations with the growth nomogram. The coefficient of correlation of adrenal glands circumference was R = 0.8916. The level of significance was p < 0.01. In conclusion, we can say that risk factors in pregnancy could impair the growth of adrenal glands. We have found that foetal adrenal glands in pregnancies impaired with maternal diabetes were hypertrophic, while those in pregnancies impaired with hypertension were almost at hypotrophic border. The nomograms of adrenal glands growth were of clinical importance, since they help us to control the state of a foetus in high-risk pregnancies. CONCLUSION: Improvement of the methods used in prenatal diagnosis will contribute to a timely detection of a diseased foetus, and will be the first step in its recovery. Regulating the pathological condition of the mother will surely contribute to decrease the risk of delivering children with an increased risk of morbidity.
[Pregnancy in women with thalassaemia].; Women with transfusion dependent thalassaemia suffer from failure of pubertal growth and delayed onset of menarche with amenorrhea, anovulation and infertility. With improved pediatric and hematological care is now possible, for patients with b thalassaemia, to achieve a pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy assessment included checks for hypothyroidism and diabetes, for hepatitis B and C, human immunodeficiency virus, Rubella, cardiac functions, liver functions by estimating aspartate and alanine aminotransferases, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, alkaline phospatase, and total plasma proteins. The frequency of blood transfusion needed to be increased in order to maintain the hemoglobin concentration above 10 g/dl. Desferroxamine must be stopped as soon as pregnancy is diagnosed continuing the administration of the folic acid supplements throughout pregnancy. Desferroxamine will be resumed after delivery. The safety of iron chelation with desferroxamine during the periconceptional period and pregnancy has not yet been established. Some animal studies have shown skeletal anomalies; other published studies report seven women with b thalassaemia major who became pregnant while taking desferroxamine: all the women had normal babies. The mode of delivery is usually vaginal, while Cesarean section is performed in those cases with pre-eclampsia, fetal distress, cephalopelvic dysproportion, slow progression of labor, as in women without thalassaemia. In conclusion, with the advent of regular blood transfusion associated with iron chelation therapy, pregnancy in b thalassaemia can be safe for mothers and their babies with appropriate care.
Beta-Thalassemia major and pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: It was studied the clinical management and the medical outcomes of 6 pregnancies in 5 women affected by Beta Thalassemia major, based on last guidelines and pharmacological treatments. BACKGROUND: Paediatric Department and Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology of the University of Catania. METHODS: These patients were taken among a group of 116 women affected by beta-thalassemia major divided into three subgroups, according to the characteristics of their menstrual cycle: 1) women with primitive amenorrhoea, 2) women with secondary amenorrhoea and 3) women with normal menstruation. Only one woman, affected by primitive amenorrhoea, needed the induction of ovulation. An accurate and detailed pre-pregnancy assessment was effected before each conception. This was constituted by a series of essays, including checks for diabetes and hypothyroidism, for B and C hepatitis and for blood group antibodies. Moreover were evaluated: cardiac function, rubella immunity and transaminases. Other pregnancy monitoring, and cares during labour and delivery were effected according to usual obstetrics practice. RESULTS: All the women were in labour when they were 38 week pregnant, and the outcome were six healthy babies born at term. There were no complications related to the pregnancy and to the immediate outcome after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The improvements of current treatments, especially in the management of iron deposits, the prolongation of survival rate, will result in a continuous increase of pregnancies in thalassemic women. Pregnancy is now a real possibility for women affected by such disease. Although numerous complications can occur, vigilant monitoring by both experienced obstetricians and hematologists can lead to successful pregnancy outcomes (Tab. 1, Fig. 1, Ref. 16).
Microbiological characterization of a newly established pig breed, Aachen Minipigs.; BACKGROUND: To alleviate the shortage of human donor organs or tissues for the treatment of organ and tissue failure including diabetes, pigs are considered suitable donor animals. As organs from conventional pigs are usually too large, those from minipigs may be better suited. We recently characterized the Göttingen Minipigs, a breed well characterized concerning the presence of zoonotic microorganisms and found hepatitis E virus (HEV) and porcine cytomegalovirus (PCMV) in some animals. Here, we characterize another minipig, the Aachen Minipig (AaMP), a pig breed recently established close to the town Aachen in Germany. METHODS: The animals were tested for the prevalence and expression of porcine endogenous retroviruses (PERVs) and the presence of some selected microorganisms, among them HEV, PCMV, and porcine lymphotropic herpesviruses (PLHVs) using highly sensitive and specific PCR and RT-PCR methods. In addition, we screened for antibodies against HEV and PLHV. RESULTS: PERV-A, PERV-B, and PERV-C sequences were found in the genome of all Aachen Minipigs. HEV RNA was found by real-time RT-PCR in most, and DNA of PCMV, PLHV-2, and PLHV-3 was found by PCR in some animals. The animals were free of eight other microorganisms tested, but some were seropositive for porcine circovirus 2 (PCV2), porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV), and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV). CONCLUSION: Based on medical examinations by veterinarians, the AaMP are in a good health status and seem to harbor only few microorganisms. To improve their status for use as donor pigs in xenotransplantation, the viruses detected might be eliminated by selection of negative animals, Cesarean section, and vaccination.
A Randomized, Clinical Trial of Preadmission Chlorhexidine Skin Preparation for Lower Extremity Total Joint Arthroplasty.; BACKGROUND: Periprosthetic infections are devastating postoperative complications of total joint arthroplasty (TJA), with native skin flora commonly identified as causative organisms. We compared 2% chlorhexidine gluconate-impregnated cloths to standard-of-care antiseptic bathing in patients before TJA, to evaluate periprosthetic infection risk at 1-year follow-up. METHODS: This was a prospective, randomized, controlled trial at a single institution of patients undergoing hip or knee arthroplasty. Chlorhexidine-treated patients (275 arthroplasties) applied 2% chlorhexidine gluconate-impregnated cloths the night before and morning of admission. The standard-of-care cohort (279 arthroplasties) bathed with soap and water preadmission. Patients were excluded according to the following: (1) unable to comply with study requirements, (2) pregnant, (3) <18 years, (4) medical history of immunosuppression or steroid use, (5) chronic hepatitis B/C infection, (6) had infection around joint requiring surgery, or (7) chose not to participate. A total of 539 patients (554 arthroplasties) were included in the final population. There were no significant differences in American Society of Anesthesiologists grade, cut time, risk scores, or diabetes and smoking prevalence between cohorts (P > .05). RESULTS: A lower periprosthetic infection rate was found in the chlorhexidine cohort (0.4%) when compared to standard-of-care cohorts (2.9%). The infection odds ratio was 8.15 (95% confidence interval = 1.01-65.6; P = .049) for the standard-of-care cohort compared to the chlorhexidine cohort. No differences in assessed risk factors were found between groups. No severe adverse events were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative chlorhexidine cloth use decreased the risk of periprosthetic infection. This may be an appropriate antiseptic protocol to implement for patients undergoing lower extremity TJA.
Report from the National Transplantation Pregnancy Registry (NTPR): outcomes of pregnancy after transplantation.; The NTPR continues to maintain an ongoing active database as a resource for health professionals counseling recipients regarding pregnancy and for recipients themselves to contact the registry and request information. This includes female transplant recipients as well as male recipients who father pregnancies. Recipients who consent are entered into a database; analyses are ongoing, including long-term follow-up of the recipient, the graft and the offspring. The safety of pregnancy for parent and child remains the goal of the registry. Guidelines for counseling recipients proposed in 1976 remain applicable. Recipients should be in general good health and graft function should be stable and ideally rejection free. Comorbid conditions should be well controlled, especially hypertension and diabetes. While these counseling guidelines were formulated for kidney recipients, they may be extrapolated for other organ recipients. Analyses this year included pregnancy outcomes of recipients on newer agents, MMF and sirolimus. It remains unclear whether these adjunctive therapies should be altered for pregnancy. The balance of immunosuppression and the prevention of rejection need to be weighed against the potential for teratogenicity when counseling these recipients inquiring about pregnancy. Although there are periodic reports of recipients with graft dysfunction, rejection or graft loss possibly related to pregnancy events throughout all the organ groups, whether transplanted as adults or as pediatric patients, the majority of pregnancy outcomes reported to the NTPR appear favorable for parent and newborn. Whether recipients should breastfeed remains controversial. Recent reports in the literature as well as NTPR data appear favorable. This represents the last report from our initial established location at Thomas Jefferson University. In January of this year, the registry moved to Temple University School of Medicine, Department of Surgery, Philadelphia, PA. The NTPR remains committed to investigating outcomes of pregnancies reported by centers or self-referrals nationwide. Some of the active issues for the upcoming year include the potential for teratogenicity with combinations of newer agents, incidence of viral hepatitis, risk assessment for pregnancy in female lung recipients, and long-term maternal and pediatric follow-up.
Circulatory and metabolic effects of beta-adrenergic blockade in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus.; Offspring of women with poorly controlled diabetes exhibit hypoxemia, elevated catecholamine concentration at birth, and an increased incidence of fetal death. Experimental fetal hyperinsulinemia results in increased catecholamine concentration and hemodynamic changes including increased combined ventricular output and vasodilation of select fetal organs. We hypothesized that insulin-induced catecholamine-mediated beta-adrenergic stimulation supports some of these hemodynamic changes in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus. To study this, 24 chronically instrumented fetal sheep receiving insulin for 24 h were exposed to beta-(propranolol),beta 1-(metoprolol), and beta 2-(ICI 118,551) adrenergic blockade. Insulin infusion resulted in hyperinsulinemic-hypoglycemia, a surge in epinephrine and norepinephrine concentration, and increases in the combined ventricular output and regional blood flow to the heart, adrenal glands, kidney, gastrointestinal tract, liver, fat, muscle, carcass, and placenta. In the hyperinsulinemic state, beta-adrenergic blockade was associated with significant reductions in the combined ventricular output and blood flow to fat, carcass, lungs, and the placenta; beta 1-blockade was associated with reductions in the combined ventricular output and blood flow to the lungs; and beta 2-adrenergic blockade was associated with reductions in blood flow to muscle and lungs. Because beta-adrenergic blockade was associated with reductions in placental blood flow during hyperinsulinemia, oxygen and glucose metabolism were also compromised. We conclude that in the hyperinsulinemic-hypoglycemic normoxemic ovine fetus, insulin-induced catecholamine-mediated hemodynamic changes are modulated in part by beta-adrenergic receptor stimulation.
Grandmaternal exercise improves metabolic health of second-generation offspring.; OBJECTIVE: A major factor in the growing world-wide epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes is the increased risk of transmission of metabolic disease from obese mothers to both first (F1) and second (F2) generation offspring. Fortunately, recent pre-clinical studies demonstrate that exercise before and during pregnancy improves F1 metabolic health, providing a potential means to disrupt this cycle of disease. Whether the beneficial effects of maternal exercise can also be transmitted to the F2 generation has not been investigated. METHODS: C57BL/6 female mice were fed a chow or high-fat diet (HFD) and housed in individual cages with or without running wheels for 2 wks before breeding and during gestation. Male F1 offspring were sedentary and chow-fed, and at 8-weeks of age were bred with age-matched females from untreated parents. This resulted in 4 F2 groups based on grandmaternal treatment: chow sedentary; chow trained; HFD sedentary; HFD trained. F2 were sedentary and chow-fed and studied up to 52-weeks of age. RESULTS: We find that grandmaternal exercise improves glucose tolerance and decreases fat mass in adult F2 males and females, in the absence of any treatment intervention of the F1 after birth. Grandmaternal exercise also improves F2 liver metabolic function, including favorable effects on gene and miRNA expression, triglyceride concentrations and hepatocyte glucose production. CONCLUSION: Grandmaternal exercise has beneficial effects on the metabolic health of grandoffspring, demonstrating an important means by which exercise during pregnancy could help reduce the worldwide incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Dynamic Metabolic Disruption in Rats Perinatally Exposed to Low Doses of Bisphenol-A.; Along with the well-established effects on fertility and fecundity, perinatal exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals, and notably to xeno-estrogens, is strongly suspected of modulating general metabolism. The metabolism of a perinatally exposed individual may be durably altered leading to a higher susceptibility of developing metabolic disorders such as obesity and diabetes; however, experimental designs involving the long term study of these dynamic changes in the metabolome raise novel challenges. 1H-NMR-based metabolomics was applied to study the effects of bisphenol-A (BPA, 0; 0.25; 2.5, 25 and 250 μg/kg BW/day) in rats exposed perinatally. Serum and liver samples of exposed animals were analyzed on days 21, 50, 90, 140 and 200 in order to explore whether maternal exposure to BPA alters metabolism. Partial Least Squares-Discriminant Analysis (PLS-DA) was independently applied to each time point, demonstrating a significant pair-wise discrimination for liver as well as serum samples at all time-points, and highlighting unequivocal metabolic shifts in rats perinatally exposed to BPA, including those exposed to lower doses. In BPA exposed animals, metabolism of glucose, lactate and fatty acids was modified over time. To further explore dynamic variation, ANOVA-Simultaneous Component Analysis (A-SCA) was used to separate data into blocks corresponding to the different sources of variation (Time, Dose and Time*Dose interaction). A-SCA enabled the demonstration of a dynamic, time/age dependent shift of serum metabolome throughout the rats' lifetimes. Variables responsible for the discrimination between groups clearly indicate that BPA modulates energy metabolism, and suggest alterations of neurotransmitter signaling, the latter finding being compatible with the neurodevelopmental effect of this xenoestrogen. In conclusion, long lasting metabolic effects of BPA could be characterized over 200 days, despite physiological (and thus metabolic) changes connected with sexual maturation and aging.
The citizen scientist: Community-academic partnerships through Translational Advisory Boards.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the effectiveness of engaging patient partners as "citizen scientists" in the research process to boost patient centered outcomes research in underrepresented populations. METHODS: Translational Advisory Boards in South Texas have effectively collaborated with University researchers to develop community-based patient centered research. Here we describe innovative approaches in research to engage patients and offer practical methods to enhance partnerships between patients and researchers to facilitate patient engagement. RESULTS: Three health issues identified by the TABs were diabetes, obesity and teen pregnancy Examples of other community inspired research topics include air and water quality, methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus, intimate partner violence, chronic pain, and human papilloma virus and hepatitis C vaccinations. CONCLUSION: Patient engagement of underrepresented populations is inverse to the vast disparities they experience. In order to adequately address our nation's deficits in providing equitable healthcare, we must fully integrate disparate partners into the research process. By engaging community champions, academic health centers can fully integrate meaningful interventions on topics of interest to the catchment area in which they serve. PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS: These lessons can be used in developing local and regional collaborations across the country to boost active participation of patient stakeholder in PCOR to reduce healthcare disparities and improve our healthcare systems.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with thalassemia in North America and the United Kingdom.; Improved survival in thalassemia has refocused attention on quality of life, including family planning. Understanding the issues associated with infertility and adverse pregnancy outcomes may impact clinical care of patients with thalassemia. We report the number and outcomes of pregnancies among subjects enrolled in Thalassemia Clinical Research Network (TCRN) registries and examine variables associated with successful childbirth. We identified 129 pregnancies in 72 women among the 264 women, age 18 years or older in our dataset. Over 70% of pregnancies resulted in live births and 73/83 (88%) of live births occurred at full term. Most pregnancies (78.2%) were conceived without reproductive technologies. Most (59.3%) pregnancies occurred while on chronic transfusion programs, however only 38.9% were on iron chelation. Four women developed heart problems. Iron burden in women who had conceived was not significantly different from age- and diagnosis-matched controls that had never been pregnant. There was also no difference in pregnancy outcomes associated with diagnosis, transfusion status, diabetes or Hepatitis C infection. Pregnancies occurred in 27.3% of women with thalassemia of child-bearing age in the TCRN registries, a notable increase from our previous 2004 report. With optimal health maintenance, successful pregnancies may be achievable.
Neutralizing Antibody Response after Intramuscular Purified Vero Cell Rabies Vaccination (PVRV) in Iranian Patients with Specific Medical Conditions.; OBJECTIVE: Post exposure prophylaxis using one of the WHO-approved vaccines is the method of choice for preventing rabies. Abnormal immune function in patients with some specific medical conditions, such as pregnancy, chronic hepatitis B virus infection, different types of cancers like lymphoma, diabetes I and II, corticosteroid consumption by patients with rheumatoid arthritis and lupus erythematosus, could impair the immunologic response to various vaccines. The immune response to rabies vaccination has never been examined in patients with any of these described medical conditions. This study purposed to evaluate the neutralyzing antibody response after vaccination with purified Vero cell rabies vaccine (PVRV) according to the WHO-recommended Post-Exposure Prophylaxis (PEP) "ESSEN" regimen. METHODS: Thirty healthy volunteers and 50 volunteers with different medical conditions who were exposed to a suspected rabid animal in the 2nd or 3rd category of exposure received 5 doses of PVRV under the ESSEN protocol. Three blood samples were collected on days 0 (before the first dose), 14, and 35. The anti-rabies antibody titer was measured using the Rapid Fluorescent Foci Inhibition Test (RFFIT) and an ELISA Bio-Rad, Platelia, Rabies II kit. RESULTS: All subjects reached NAb titers above 0.5 IU/ml by day 14 after vaccination. On day 35 (1 week after receiving the last rabies vaccine), anti-rabies antibodies were in the protective level (>0.5 IU/ml) in both groups. There was no statistically significant difference in anti-rabies antibody response due to the type of exposure (category 2 or 3), and successful seroconversion was confirmed in both groups. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the ESSEN protocol using the PVRV vaccine is sufficient for rabies prophylaxis in patients with specific medical conditions.
Intermediary metabolism in pregnancy. First theme of the Freinkel era.; During the first half of gestation in the rat, maternal net body weight increases rapidly, whereas in the second half of gestation, the mass of maternal structures declines, coincident with the rate of maternal fat accumulation. Enhanced maternal food intake, extrahepatic tissue lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity, and adipose tissue lipogenesis are responsible for the progressive accumulation of maternal fat. However, during late gestation, decreased fat synthesis in maternal adipose tissue, enhanced lipolytic activity, and decreased LPL activity deplete maternal fat depots. These changes, plus enhanced endogenous production of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, are also responsible for maternal hypertriglyceridemia. This condition benefits the offspring in two ways: 1) enhanced LPL activity in maternal liver when fasting increases triglyceride consumption for ketone body synthesis, giving the basis for accelerated starvation; and 2) induction of LPL activity in the mammary gland before parturition diverts maternal circulating triglycerides to milk synthesis in preparation for lactation. The magnitude of the maternal-fetal glucose transfer was higher than that of any of the other substrates studied, including alanine, and despite actions to spare glucose, this transfer causes maternal hypoglycemia, which is especially intense in the fasting condition. This increases sympathoadrenal activity in the mother, which may contribute to her active gluconeogenesis. Glycerol was a more efficient glucose precursor than alanine and pyruvate, and whereas glycerol placental transfer is very small, it is proposed that the fetus benefits from this product of adipose tissue lipolysis when it is previously converted into glucose.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Type 2 immune polarization is associated with cardiopulmonary disease in preterm infants.; Postnatal maturation of the immune system is poorly understood, as is its impact on illnesses afflicting term or preterm infants, such as bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) and BPD-associated pulmonary hypertension. These are both cardiopulmonary inflammatory diseases that cause substantial mortality and morbidity with high treatment costs. Here, we characterized blood samples collected from 51 preterm infants longitudinally at five time points, 20 healthy term infants at birth and age 3 to 16 weeks, and 5 healthy adults. We observed strong associations between type 2 immune polarization in circulating CD3(+)CD4(+) T cells and cardiopulmonary illness, with odds ratios up to 24. Maternal magnesium sulfate therapy, delayed hepatitis B vaccination, and increasing fetal, but not maternal, chorioamnionitis severity were associated with attenuated type 2 polarization. Blocking type 2 mediators such as interleukin-4 (IL-4), IL-5, IL-13, or signal transducer and activator of transcription 6 (STAT6) in murine neonatal cardiopulmonary disease in vivo prevented changes in cell type composition, increases in IL-1β and IL-13, and losses of pulmonary capillaries, but not gains in larger vessels. Thereby, type 2 blockade ameliorated lung inflammation, protected alveolar and vascular integrity, and confirmed the pathological impact of type 2 cytokines and STAT6. In-depth flow cytometry and single-cell transcriptomics of mouse lungs further revealed complex associations between immune polarization and cardiopulmonary disease. Thus, this work advances knowledge on developmental immunology and its impact on early life disease and identifies multiple therapeutic approaches that may relieve inflammation-driven suffering in the youngest patients.
Oral health's inextricable connection to systemic health: Special populations bring to bear multimodal relationships and factors connecting periodontal disease to systemic diseases and conditions.; The landscape in dentistry is changing as emerging studies continue to reveal that periodontal health impacts systemic health, and vice versa. Population studies, clinical studies, and in vitro animal studies underscore the critical importance of oral health to systemic health. These inextricable relationships come to the forefront as oral diseases, such as periodontal disease, take root. Special populations bring to bear the multimodal relationships between oral and systemic health. Specifically, periodontal disease has been associated with diabetes, metabolic syndrome, obesity, eating disorders, liver disease, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer disease, rheumatoid arthritis, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cancer. Although bidirectional relationships are recognized, the potential for multiple comorbidities, relationships, and connections (multimodal relationships) also exists. Proposed mechanisms that mediate this connection between oral and systemic health include predisposing and precipitating factors, such as genetic factors (gene polymorphisms), environmental factors (stress, habits-such as smoking and high-fat diets/consumption of highly processed foods), medications, microbial dysbiosis and bacteremias/viremias/microbemias, and an altered host immune response. Thus, in a susceptible host, these predisposing and precipitating factors trigger the onset of periodontal disease and systemic disease/conditions. Further, high-throughput sequencing technologies are shedding light on the dark matter that comprises the oral microbiome. This has resulted in better characterization of the oral microbial dysbiosis, including putative bacterial periodontopathogens and shifts in oral virome composition during disease. Multiple laboratory and clinical studies have illustrated that both eukaryotic and prokaryotic viruses within subgingival plaque and periodontal tissues affect periodontal inflammation, putative periodontopathogens, and the host immune response. Although the association between herpesviruses and periodontitis and the degree to which these viruses directly aggravate periodontal tissue damage remain unclear, the benefits to periodontal health found from prolonged administration of antivirals in immunocompromised or immunodeficient individuals demonstrates that specific populations are possibly more susceptible to viral periodontopathogens. Thus, it may be important to further examine the implications of viral pathogen involvement in periodontitis and perhaps it is time to embrace the viral dark matter within the periodontal environment to fully comprehend the pathogenesis and systemic implications of periodontitis. Emerging data from the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic further underscores the inextricable connection between oral and systemic health, with high levels of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 receptor noted on oral tissues (tongue) and an allostatic load or overload paradigm of chronic stress likely contributing to rapid breakdown of oral/dental, periodontal, and peri-implant tissues. These associations exist within a framework of viremias/bacteremias/microbemias, systemic inflammation, and/or disturbances of the immune system in a susceptible host. A thorough review of systemic and oral diseases and conditions and their mechanistic, predisposing, and precipitating factors are paramount to better addressing the oral and systemic health and needs of our patients.
Different levels of overnutrition and weight gain during pregnancy have differential effects on fetal growth and organ development.; BACKGROUND: Nearly 50% of U.S. women of child-bearing age are overweight or obese, conditions linked to offspring obesity and diabetes. METHODS: Utilizing the sheep, females were fed a highly palatable diet at two levels of overfeeding designed to induce different levels of maternal body weight increase and adiposity at conception, and from conception to midgestation. Fetal growth and organ development were then evaluated at midgestation in response to these two different levels of overfeeding. Ewes were fed to achieve: 1) normal weight gain (control, C), 2) overweight (125% of National Research Council [NRC] recommendations, OW125) or 3) obesity (150% of NRC recommendations, OB150) beginning 10 wks prior to breeding and through midgestation. Body fat % and insulin sensitivity were assessed at three points during the study: 1) diet initiation, 2) conception and 3) mid-gestation. Ewes were necropsied and fetuses recovered at mid-gestation (day 78). RESULTS: OB150 ewes had a higher % body fat than OW125 ewes prior to breeding (P = 0.03), but not at mid-gestation (P = 0.37). Insulin sensitivity decreased from diet initiation to mid-gestation (P = 0.04), and acute insulin response to glucose tended to be greater in OB150 ewes than C ewes (P = 0.09) and was greater than in OW125 ewes (P = 0.02). Fetal crown-rump length, thoracic and abdominal girths, and fetal perirenal fat were increased in the OW125 and OB150 versus C ewes at mid-gestation. However, only fetal heart, pancreas, and liver weights, as well as lipid content of fetal liver, were increased (P < 0.05) in OB150 ewes versus both C and OW125 ewes at midgestation. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that different levels of overfeeding, resulting in differing levels of maternal weight gain and adiposity prior to and during pregnancy, lead to differential effects on fetal overgrowth and organ development.
[The oral antidiabetics (author's transl)].; Oral antidiabetics are given for preference to adult diabetics who do not need insulin. Biguanides are particularly indicated for adipose diabetics, sulphonamides for those of normal weight. Phenformin must not be used in the presence of renal insufficiency and severe liver diseases because of the high risk of lactacidosis. Oral antidiabetics should not to be given during pregnancy. With oral treatment of diabetics under the age of 30, proteinuria, peripheral vascular diseases and disturbances of fat metabolism occure more frequently while retinopathies, coronary diseases, peripheral neuropathies or infections of the urinary tract cannot be influenced orally, nor by insulin nor by a combination of the two. The i. v. lipid tolerance test is always pathological even in apparently well-adjusted orally treated diabetics. On the other hand it is normal even in less well adjusted insulin therapy. More epidemiological investigations should be carried out in order to be able to assess clearly the longterm effects of oral antidiabetics.
Current Selection Criteria and Perioperative Therapy Used for Fetal Myelomeningocele Surgery.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the current maternal and fetal selection criteria and operative approaches used at centers performing fetal myelomeningocele surgery. METHODS: The 17 principal investigators participating in the Fetal Myelomeningocele Consortium were asked to participate in an anonymous online survey regarding the current practice of maternal-fetal surgery for neural tube defect repair and results were tabulated. The 35-question survey related to diagnostic testing, inclusion and exclusion criteria, and clinical management. RESULTS: Sixty-five percent (11/17) of principal investigators responded to the survey and not all centers responded to all 35 questions. All centers continue to use magnetic resonance imaging in their preoperative evaluation. Diagnostic testing from amniocentesis is varied: 5 of 11 (45%) require amniotic fluid α-fetoprotein, 4 of 10 (40%) amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase, and 8 of 11 (73%) DNA microarray. There is also variation from the Management of Myelomeningocele Study with regard to body mass index (BMI) (1/11; 9% would offer surgery with BMIs higher than 35), maternal medical risk factors (surgery would be offered for controlled pregestational diabetes [3/10 (30%)]), hepatitis C with negative viral load (4/11 [36%]), and human immunodeficiency virus with an undetectable viral load (1/10 [10%] or an obstetric history [3/11 (27%)] would offer surgery with a history of preterm delivery on progesterone). Ten of 11 (91%) centers did not consider ventriculomegaly of 18 mm and 9 of 11 (82%) centers did not consider lack of leg movement as an exclusion criteria. Nuances in the perioperative and intraoperative management were also reported, including 5 of 11 (45%) use intraoperative echocardiography and alterations in postoperative tocolytics. CONCLUSION: Variation in practice patterns for offering and performing maternal-fetal surgery for myelomeningocele repair exists among centers. Ongoing evaluation of inclusion and exclusion criteria as well as operative techniques is warranted to ensure continued safety, effectiveness, and beneficence.
Single Large-Scale Mitochondrial DNA Deletion Syndromes.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Single large-scale mitochondrial DNA deletion syndromes (SLSMDSs) comprise overlapping clinical phenotypes including Kearns-Sayre syndrome (KSS), KSS spectrum, Pearson syndrome (PS), chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia (CPEO), and CPEO-plus. KSS is a progressive multisystem disorder with onset before age 20 years characterized by pigmentary retinopathy, CPEO, and cardiac conduction abnormality. Additional features can include cerebellar ataxia, tremor, intellectual disability or cognitive decline, dementia, sensorineural hearing loss, oropharyngeal and esophageal dysfunction, exercise intolerance, muscle weakness, and endocrinopathies. Brain imaging typically shows bilateral lesions in the globus pallidus and white matter. KSS spectrum includes individuals with KSS in addition to individuals with ptosis and/or ophthalmoparesis and at least one of the following: retinopathy, ataxia, cardiac conduction defects, hearing loss, growth deficiency, cognitive impairment, tremor, or cardiomyopathy. Compared to CPEO-plus, individuals with KSS spectrum have more severe muscle involvement (e.g., weakness, atrophy) and overall have a worse prognosis. PS is characterized by pancytopenia (typically transfusion-dependent sideroblastic anemia with variable cell line involvement), exocrine pancreatic dysfunction, poor weight gain, and lactic acidosis. PS manifestations also include renal tubular acidosis, short stature, and elevated liver enzymes. PS may be fatal in infancy due to neutropenia-related infection or refractory metabolic acidosis. CPEO is characterized by ptosis, ophthalmoplegia, oropharyngeal weakness, variable proximal limb weakness, and/or exercise intolerance. CPEO-plus includes CPEO with additional multisystemic involvement including neuropathy, diabetes mellitus, migraines, hypothyroidism, neuropsychiatric manifestations, and optic neuropathy. Rarely, an SLSMDS can manifest as Leigh syndrome, which is characterized as developmental delays, neurodevelopmental regression, lactic acidosis, and bilateral symmetric basal ganglia, brain stem, and/or midbrain lesions on MRI. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of an SLSMDS is established in a proband with characteristic clinical features by identification of a mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) deletion ranging in size from 1.1 to 10 kb on molecular genetic testing. SLSMDSs can be identified in DNA from blood, buccal cells, and urine in affected children; analysis of skeletal muscle tissue may be required to detect an SLSMDS in an affected adult. MANAGEMENT: Targeted therapy: Folinic acid supplementation in individuals with KSS with low 5-methyltetrahydrofolate in CSF or white matter abnormalities on brain MRI. Supportive care: Consider mitochondrial supplement therapies such as coenzyme Q(10) and antioxidants; optimize nutrition and exercise regimen to prevent acute decompensation; physical and occupational therapy for myopathy and/or ataxia; standard treatment with anti-seizure medication; hearing aids or cochlear implants for sensorineural hearing loss; developmental and educational support; feeding therapy; consider gastrostomy tube placement if poor weight gain, choking, or aspiration risk is present; dilation of the upper esophageal sphincter to alleviate cricopharyngeal achalasia; prophylactic placement of cardiac pacemaker in individuals with cardiac conduction block, with consideration of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator; hormone replacement therapy per endocrinologist; electrolyte monitoring and replacement for renal tubular acidosis; eyelid slings and/or ptosis repair for severe ptosis; eye ointment for dry eyes; eyeglass prisms for diplopia; transfusion therapy for individuals with PS with sideroblastic anemia; replacement of pancreatic enzymes for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency; ventilatory support for respiratory abnormalities that may occur in individuals with Leigh syndrome; standard treatment of anxiety and/or depression; social work support and care coordination as needed. Surveillance: Annual neurology assessment for ataxia, neuropathy, seizures, and myopathy; annual audiology evaluation; annual assessment of developmental progress, educational needs, and cognitive issues; annual evaluation by a neuro-ophthalmologist and/or retinal specialist and oculoplastics; measurement of growth parameters and evaluation of nutritional status and safety of oral intake at each visit; annual assessment of mobility and self-help skills with physical medicine, occupational therapy, and/or physical therapy; EKG and echocardiogram every six to 12 months; annual assessment with an endocrinologist; BUN and creatinine, with consideration of cystatin C in those with low muscle mass; complete blood count in those with PS to assess transfusion needs with additional labs per hematologist, and ferritin for those needing recurrent transfusions as needed; annual complete blood count in those with other SLSMDSs; fecal fat and fecal elastase as needed based on symptoms; monitor for evidence of aspiration and respiratory insufficiency at each visit; assess family needs at each visit. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Volatile anesthetic hypersensitivity may occur. Avoid prolonged treatment with propofol (>30-60 minutes). Medications should be reviewed with a physician familiar with mitochondrial disorders including a thorough individualized assessment of risk vs benefit as several medications may be toxic to mitochondria. GENETIC COUNSELING: SLSMDSs are almost never inherited, suggesting that these disorders are typically caused by a de novo single large-scale mitochondrial DNA deletion (SLSMD) that occurs in the mother's oocytes during germline development or in the embryo during embryogenesis. If the mother is clinically unaffected and the proband represents a simplex case (i.e., a single affected family member), the empiric risk to the sibs of a proband is very low (at or below 1%). If the mother is affected, the recurrence risk to sibs is estimated to be approximately 4% (one in 24 births). Maternal transmission to more than one child has not been reported to date. Prenatal testing for a pregnancy at increased risk and preimplantation genetic testing are scientifically possible but technically prohibitive as next-generation sequencing methodology does not accurately quantify heteroplasmy level of an SLSMD and droplet digital quantitative PCR cannot reliably detect less than 10% heteroplasmy levels of an SLSMD. Further, prenatal testing is not clinically available due to the inability to accurately interpret the clinical prognosis based on prenatal diagnostic results of an SLSMD.
Changes in Metabolism, Mitochondrial Function, and Oxidative Stress Between Female Rats Under Nonreproductive and 3 Reproductive Conditions.; Women who do not lactate display increased incidence of obesity, type II diabetes, and cancer. Stuebe and Rich-Edwards proposed that these effects occur because physiological changes that ensue during pregnancy are not reversed without lactation. To empirically test this hypothesis, we compared markers of metabolism, mitochondrial function, and oxidative stress between 4 groups of Sprague-Dawley rats: (1) nonreproductive (NR) rats, (2) rats killed at day 20 of gestation, (3) rats that gave birth but were not allowed to suckle their pups (nonlactating), and (4) rats that suckled their young for 14 days. Nonlactating females displayed higher body fat compared to all other groups. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ (PPARδ) in skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of nonlactating rats was lower than the other groups. The PPARδ is associated with lipid metabolism suggesting that the higher fat mass in nonlactating females was not associated with the retention of a physiological state that was set during pregnancy but instead an independent drop in PPARδ. Relative mitochondrial respiratory function and complex activity in the liver and skeletal muscle of nonlactating mice were not predictive of higher body mass, and measures of oxidative stress displayed minimal variation between groups.
Developmental Programming of the Fetal Immune System by Maternal Western-Style Diet: Mechanisms and Implications for Disease Pathways in the Offspring.; Maternal obesity and over/undernutrition can have a long-lasting impact on offspring health during critical periods in the first 1000 days of life. Children born to mothers with obesity have reduced immune responses to stimuli which increase susceptibility to infections. Recently, maternal western-style diets (WSDs), high in fat and simple sugars, have been associated with skewing neonatal immune cell development, and recent evidence suggests that dysregulation of innate immunity in early life has long-term consequences on metabolic diseases and behavioral disorders in later life. Several factors contribute to abnormal innate immune tolerance or trained immunity, including changes in gut microbiota, metabolites, and epigenetic modifications. Critical knowledge gaps remain regarding the mechanisms whereby these factors impact fetal and postnatal immune cell development, especially in precursor stem cells in bone marrow and fetal liver. Components of the maternal microbiota that are transferred from mothers consuming a WSD to their offspring are understudied and identifying cause and effect on neonatal innate and adaptive immune development needs to be refined. Tools including single-cell RNA-sequencing, epigenetic analysis, and spatial location of specific immune cells in liver and bone marrow are critical for understanding immune system programming. Considering the vital role immune function plays in offspring health, it will be important to understand how maternal diets can control developmental programming of innate and adaptive immunity.
Postnatal weaning to different diets leads to different reproductive phenotypes in female offspring following perinatal exposure to high levels of dietary advanced glycation end products.; OBJECTIVE: To examine, following perinatal exposure to a diet high in advanced glycation end products (AGEs), whether the use of standard AGE-free mouse chow during the postweaning period alters metabolism and reproduction differently than exposure to a diet low in AGEs. DESIGN: Experimental animal study. SETTING: University-based research laboratory. ANIMAL(S): Female CD1 mice. INTERVENTION(S): Seven-week-old mice were placed on a diet either low or high in AGEs perinatally, before mating and then during pregnancy and lactation. All offspring were weaned onto an AGE-free normal chow. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Growth curve, liver and abdominal fat weight, insulin and glucose tolerance tests, vaginal opening, estrous cyclicity, and serum levels of antimüllerian hormone, leptin, and adiponectin were assessed. Ovarian histologic examination for follicular count and gene expression was also performed. RESULT(S): Compared with the mice exposed to a diet low in AGEs, the mice exposed to a diet high in AGEs showed lower body weight in pups, lower liver weight, delayed vaginal opening, higher serum antimüllerian hormone levels, lower primordial and secondary follicle pools, and higher ovarian Fshr messenger RNA levels. CONCLUSION(S): Following weaning, perinatal AGEs can target puberty onset and folliculogenesis differently to standard mouse chow.
Perinatal exposure to high dietary advanced glycation end products affects the reproductive system in female offspring in mice.; Maternal nutrition and the intrauterine environment are important in determining susceptibility to reproductive and metabolic disturbances. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are widely consumed in Western diet. The purpose of this study was to determine whether perinatal exposure to a high levels of dietary AGEs affect metabolic and reproductive parameters in female mice offspring. Female CD1 mice, 7 weeks old, were placed on either a diet low (L-AGE) or high (H-AGE) in AGEs before mating and then during pregnancy and lactation. All offspring were weaned onto the L-AGE diet and studied through to 16 weeks of age; they were counted and weighed at birth and then every week for a total of 11 weeks. Vaginal opening, litter size, growth curve, liver and abdominal fat weights, serum levels of anti-Mullerian hormone, leptin and adiponectin, as well as insulin and glucose tolerance tests were compared. Ovaries were harvested for follicular count and gene expression by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Compared to perinatal exposure to the L-AGE diet, perinatal exposure to the H-AGE diet caused lower body weight at birth, and adult offspring exhibited delayed growth, lower serum leptin and adiponectin levels, delayed vaginal opening, irregular oestrous cyclicity, arrested follicular development and significant alterations in the expression of genes involved in folliculogenesis (Amh and Amhr2) and steroidogenesis (Cyp19a1). These results indicate that perinatal exposure to a diet elevated in AGEs causes deficits in perinatal growth, pubertal onset, and reproductive organ development in female mice. Whether these findings translate to humans remains to be determined in future studies.
Maternal exposure to Western diet affects adult body composition and voluntary wheel running in a genotype-specific manner in mice.; Some human diseases, including obesity, Type II diabetes, and numerous cancers, are thought to be influenced by environments experienced in early life, including in utero. Maternal diet during the perinatal period may be especially important for adult offspring energy balance, potentially affecting both body composition and physical activity. This effect may be mediated by the genetic background of individuals, including, for example, potential "protective" mechanisms for individuals with inherently high levels of physical activity or high basal metabolic rates. To examine some of the genetic and environmental factors that influence adult activity levels, we used an ongoing selection experiment with 4 replicate lines of mice bred for high voluntary wheel running (HR) and 4 replicate, non-selected control lines (C). Dams (half HR and half C) were fed a "Western" diet (WD, high in fat and sucrose) or a standard diet (SD) from 2weeks prior to mating until their pups could feed on solid food (14days of age). We analyzed dam and litter characteristics from birth to weaning, and offspring mass and physical activity into adulthood. One male offspring from each litter received additional metabolic and behavioral tests. Maternal WD caused pups to eat solid food significantly earlier for C litters, but not for HR litters (interaction of maternal environment and genotype). With dam mass as a covariate, mean pup mass was increased by maternal WD but litter size was unaffected. HR dams had larger litters and tended to have smaller pups than C dams. Home-cage activity of juvenile focal males was increased by maternal WD. Juvenile lean mass, fat mass, and fat percent were also increased by maternal WD, but food consumption (with body mass as a covariate) was unaffected (measured only for focal males). Behavior in an elevated plus maze, often used to indicate anxiety, was unaffected by maternal WD. Maximal aerobic capacity (VO(2)max) was also unaffected by maternal WD, but HR had higher VO(2)max than C mice. Adult lean, fat, and total body masses were significantly increased by maternal WD, with greater increase for fat than for lean mass. Overall, no aspect of adult wheel running (total distance, duration, average running speed, maximum speed) or home-cage activity was statistically affected by maternal WD. However, analysis of the 8 individual lines revealed that maternal WD significantly increased wheel running in one of the 4 HR lines. On average, all groups lost fat mass after 6days of voluntary wheel running, but the absolute amount lost was greater for mice with maternal WD resulting in no effect of maternal WD on absolute or % body fat after wheel access. All groups gained lean and total body mass during wheel access, regardless of maternal WD or linetype. Measured after wheel access, circulating leptin, adiponectin, and corticosterone concentrations were unaffected by maternal WD and did not differ between HR and C mice. With body mass as a covariate, heart ventricle mass was increased by maternal WD in both HR and C mice, but fat pads, liver, spleen, and brain masses were unaffected. As found previously, HR mice had larger brains than C mice. Body mass of grand-offspring was unaffected by grand-maternal WD, but grand-offspring wheel running was significantly increased for one HR line and decreased for another HR line by grand-maternal WD. In summary, maternal Western diet had long-lasting and general effects on offspring adult morphology, but effects on adult behavior were limited and contingent on sex and genetic background.
Early antiviral treatment in outpatients with COVID-19 (FLARE): a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this trial is to assess whether early antiviral therapy in outpatients with COVID-19 with either favipiravir plus lopinavir/ritonavir, lopinavir/ritonavir alone, or favipiravir alone, is associated with a decrease in viral load of SARS-CoV-2 compared with placebo. TRIAL DESIGN: FLARE is a phase IIA randomised, double-blind, 2x2 factorial placebo-controlled, interventional trial. PARTICIPANTS: This trial is being conducted in the United Kingdom, with Royal Free Hospital, London as the lead site. Participants are non-hospitalised adults with highly suspected COVID-19 within the first 5 days of symptom onset, or who have tested positive with SARS-CoV-2 causing COVID-19 within the first 7 days of symptom onset, or who are asymptomatic but tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 for the first time within the last 48 hours. Inclusion criteria are as follows: 1. Any adult with the following: Symptoms compatible with COVID-19 disease (Fever >37.8°C on at least one occasion AND either cough and/ or anosmia) within the first 5 days of symptom onset (date/time of enrolment must be within the first 5 days of symptom onset) OR ANY symptoms compatible with COVID-19 disease (may include, but are not limited to fever, cough, shortness of breath, malaise, myalgia, headache, coryza) and tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 within the first 7 days of symptom onset) (date/time of enrolment must be within the first 7 days of symptom onset) OR no symptoms but tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 within the last 48 hours (date/time of test must be within 48 hours of enrolment) 2. Male or female aged 18 years to 70 years old inclusive at screening 3. Willing and able to take daily saliva samples 4. Able to provide full informed consent and willing to comply with trial-related procedures Exclusion criteria are as follows: 1. Known hypersensitivity to any of the active ingredients or excipients in favipiravir and matched placebo, and in lopinavir/ritonavir and matched placebo (See Appendix 2) 2. Chronic liver disease at screening (known cirrhosis of any aetiology, chronic hepatitis (e.g. autoimmune, viral, steatohepatitis), cholangitis or any known elevation of liver aminotransferases with AST or ALT > 3 X ULN)* 3. Chronic kidney disease (stage 3 or beyond) at screening: eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73m(2) * 4. HIV infection, if untreated, detectable viral load or on protease inhibitor therapy 5. Any clinical condition which the investigator considers would make the participant unsuitable for the trial 6. Concomitant medications known to interact with favipiravir and matched placebo, and with lopinavir/ritonavir and matched placebo, and carry risk of toxicity for the participant 7. Current severe illness requiring hospitalisation 8. Pregnancy and/ or breastfeeding 9. Eligible female participants of childbearing potential and male participants with a partner of childbearing potential not willing to use highly effective contraceptive measures during the trial and within the time point specified following last trial treatment dose. 10. Participants enrolled in any other interventional drug or vaccine trial (co-enrolment in observational studies is acceptable) 11. Participants who have received the COVID-19 vaccine *Considering the importance of early treatment of COVID-19 to impact viral load, the absence of known chronic liver/ kidney disease will be confirmed verbally by the participant during pre-screening and Screening/Baseline visit. Safety blood samples will be collected at Screening/Baseline visit (Day 1) and test results will be examined as soon as they become available and within 24 hours. INTERVENTION AND COMPARATOR: Participants will be randomised 1:1:1:1 using a concealed online minimisation process into one of the following four arms: Arm 1: Favipiravir + Lopinavir/ritonavir Oral favipiravir at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7. Arm 2: Favipiravir + Lopinavir/ritonavir placebo Oral favipiravir at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir matched placebo at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7. Arm 3: Favipiravir placebo + Lopinavir/ritonavir Oral favipiravir matched placebo at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7. Arm 4: Favipiravir placebo + Lopinavir/ritonavir placebo Oral favipiravir matched placebo at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir matched placebo at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7. MAIN OUTCOMES: The primary outcome is upper respiratory tract viral load at Day 5. SECONDARY OUTCOMES: Percentage of participants with undetectable upper respiratory tract viral load after 5 days of therapy Proportion of participants with undetectable stool viral load after 7 days of therapy Rate of decrease in upper respiratory tract viral load during 7 days of therapy Duration of fever following commencement of trial medications Proportion of participants with hepatotoxicity after 7 days of therapy Proportion of participants with other medication-related toxicity after 7 days of therapy and 14 days post-randomisation Proportion of participants admitted to hospital with COVID-19 related illness Proportion of participants admitted to ICU with COVID-19 related illness Proportion of participants who have died with COVID-19 related illness Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analysis of favipiravir Exploratory: Proportion of participants with deleterious or resistance-conferring mutations in SARS-CoV-2 RANDOMISATION: Participants will be randomised 1:1:1:1 using a concealed online minimisation process, with the following factors: trial site, age (≤ 55 vs > 55 years old), gender, obesity (BMI <30 vs ≥30), symptomatic or asymptomatic, current smoking status (Yes = current smoker, No = ex-smoker, never smoker), ethnicity (Caucasian, other) and presence or absence of comorbidity (defined as diabetes, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease (including previous myocardial infarction), other heart disease (arrhythmia and valvular heart disease), asthma, COPD, other chronic respiratory disease). BLINDING (MASKING): Participants and investigators will both be blinded to treatment allocation (double-blind). NUMBERS TO BE RANDOMISED (SAMPLE SIZE): 240 participants, 60 in each arm. TRIAL STATUS: Protocol version 4.0 dated 7(th) January 2021. Date of first enrolment: October 2020. Recruitment is ongoing, with anticipated finish date of 31(st) March 2021. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The FLARE trial is registered with Clinicaltrials.gov, trial identifying number NCT04499677 , date of registration 4(th) August 2020. FULL PROTOCOL: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol.
Proceedings of the 3rd IPLeiria's International Health Congress : Leiria, Portugal. 6-7 May 2016.; S1 Health literacy and health education in adolescence Catarina Cardoso Tomás S2 The effect of a walking program on the quality of life and well-being of people with schizophrenia Emanuel Oliveira, D. Sousa, M. Uba-Chupel, G. Furtado, C. Rocha, A. Teixeira, P. Ferreira S3 Diagnosis and innovative treatments - the way to a better medical practice Celeste Alves S4 Simulation-based learning and how it is a high contribution Stefan Gisin S5 Formative research about acceptability, utilization and promotion of a home fortification programme with micronutrient powders (MNP) in the Autonomous Region of Príncipe, São Tomé and Príncipe Elisabete Catarino, Nelma Carvalho, Tiago Coucelo, Luís Bonfim, Carina Silva S6 Safety culture of the patient: a reflexion about the therapeutic approach on the patient with vocal pathology Débora Franco S7 About wine, fortune cookies and patient experience Jesús Alcoba González O1 The psychological impact on the emergency crews after the disaster event on February 20, 2010 Helena G. Jardim, Rita Silva O2 Musculoskeletal disorders in midwives Cristina L. Baixinho, Mª Helena Presado, Mª Fátima Marques, Mário E. Cardoso O3 Negative childhood experiences and fears of compassion: Implications for psychological difficulties in adolescence Marina Cunha, Joana Mendes, Ana Xavier, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O4 Optimal age to give the first dose of measles vaccine in Portugal João G. Frade, Carla Nunes, João R. Mesquita, Maria S. Nascimento, Guilherme Gonçalves O5 Functional assessment of elderly in primary care Conceição Castro, Alice Mártires, Mª João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho O6 Smoking and coronary events in a population of Spanish health-care centre: An observational study Francisco P. Caballero, Fatima M. Monago, Jose T. Guerrero, Rocio M. Monago, Africa P. Trigo, Milagros L. Gutierrez, Gemma M. Milanés, Mercedes G. Reina, Ana G. Villanueva, Ana S. Piñero, Isabel R. Aliseda, Francisco B. Ramirez O7 Prevalence of musculoskeletal injuries in Portuguese musicians Andrea Ribeiro, Ana Quelhas, Conceição Manso O8 Hip fractures, psychotropic drug consumption and comorbidity in patients of a primary care practice in Spain Francisco P. Caballero, Jose T. Guerrero, Fatima M. Monago, Rafael B. Santos, Nuria R. Jimenez, Cristina G. Nuñez, Inmaculada R. Gomez, Mª Jose L. Fernandez, Laura A. Marquez, Ana L. Moreno, Mª Jesus Tena Huertas, Francisco B. Ramirez O9 The role of self-criticism and shame in social anxiety in a clinical SAD sample Daniel Seabra, Mª Céu Salvador O10 Obstruction and infiltration: a proposal of a quality indicator Luciene Braga, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Bibiana F. Oliveira, Mª Adriana Henriques O11 Balance and anxiety and depression symptoms in old age people Joana Santos, Sara Lebre, Alda Marques O12 Prevalence of postural changes and risk factors in school children and adolescents in a northern region (Porto) Clarinda Festas, Sandra Rodrigues, Andrea Ribeiro, José Lumini O13 Ischemic stroke vs. haemorrhagic stroke survival rate Ana G. Figueiredo O14 Chronobiological factors as responsible for the appearance of locomotor pathology in adolescents Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Liliana Campi, Mª Pino Quintana-Montesdeoca, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvenida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera O15 Risk of malnutrition in the elderly of Bragança Alexandra Parente, Mª Augusta Mata, Ana Mª Pereira, Adília Fernandes, Manuel Brás O16 A Lifestyle Educational Programme for primary care diabetic patients: the design of a complex nursing intervention Mª Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Ana C. Rei, Lisete M. Mónico O17 Medication adherence in elderly people Gilberta Sousa, Clementina Morna, Otília Freitas, Gregório Freitas, Ana Jardim, Rita Vasconcelos O18 Hospitalization for cervical cancer of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Lina G. Horta, Roger S. Rosa, Luís F. Kranz, Rita C. Nugem, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin O19 Oncologic assistance of high complexity: evaluation of regulating accesses Rosiane Kniess, Josimari T. Lacerda O20 Perceived barriers for using health care services by the older population as seen by the social sector: findings from the Vila Nova de Gaia Gerontological Plan Joana Guedes, Idalina Machado, Sidalina Almeida, Adriano Zilhão, Helder Alves, Óscar Ribeiro O21 Sleep difficulties and depressive symptoms in college students Ana P. Amaral, Ana Santos, Joana Monteiro, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O22 Psychopathological symptoms and medication use in higher education Ana P. Amaral, Marina Lourenço, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O23 Sexually transmitted diseases in higher education institutions Sandra Antunes, Verónica Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O24 Alcohol consumption and suicide ideation in higher education students Lídia Cabral, Manuela Ferreira, Amadeu Gonçalves O25 Quality of life in university students Tatiana D. Luz, Leonardo Luz, Raul Martins O26 Male and female adolescent antisocial behaviour: characterizing vulnerabilities in a Portuguese sample Alice Morgado, Maria L. Vale-Dias O27 Risk factors for mental health in higher education students of health sciences Rui Porta-Nova O28 International classification of functioning disability and health as reflexive reasoning in primary attention in health Tânia C. Fleig, Éboni M. Reuter, Miriam B. Froemming, Sabrina L. Guerreiro, Lisiane L. Carvalho O29 Risk factors and cardiovascular disease in Portalegre Daniel Guedelha, P. Coelho, A. Pereira O30 Health status of the elderly population living in Portalegre historic city centre: A longitudinal study António Calha, Raul Cordeiro O31 Student’s sleep in higher education: sleep quality among students of the IPB Ana Gonçalves, Ana Certo, Ana Galvão, Mª Augusta Mata O32 Trend in mortality from cervical cancer in the metropolitan area of Florianópolis, state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, 2000 to 2013 Aline Welter, Elayne Pereira, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia Kretzer O33 Adherence to treatment in the elderly in an urban environment in Spain Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Carla Jiménez-Rodríguez, Francisco-José Hernández-Martínez, Bienvenida-Del-Carmen Rodríguez-De-Vera, Alexandre Marques-Rodrigues O34 Beira Baixa Blood Pressure Study (Study PABB) Patrícia Coelho, Tiago Bernardes, Alexandre Pereira O35 Trends in cervical cancer mortality statistics in Santa Catarina State, Brazil, by age group and macro-region, from 2000 to 2013 Patrícia Sousa, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer O36 Sleep problems among Portuguese adolescents: a public health issue Odete Amaral, António Garrido, Nélio Veiga, Carla Nunes, Ana R. Pedro, Carlos Pereira O37 Association between body fat and health-related quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes António Almeia, Helder M. Fernandes, Carlos Vasconcelos, Nelson Sousa, Victor M. Reis, M. João Monteiro, Romeu Mendes O38 Therapy adherence and polypharmacy in non-institutionalized elderly from Amares county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, João Gama O39 Prevalence of surgical site infection in adults at a hospital unit in the North of Portugal Vera Preto, Norberto Silva, Carlos Magalhães, Matilde Martins O40 Frailty phenotype in old age: implications to intervention Mafalda Duarte, Constança Paúl, Ignácio Martín O41 Portuguese women: sexual symptoms in perimenopause Arminda A. Pinheiro O42 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – preliminary results of the categorical approach Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Mariana Marques, António Macedo, Ana T. Pereira O43 Aging and muscle strength in patients with type 2 diabetes: cross sectional analysis José P. Almeida, António Almeida, Josiane Alves, Nelson Sousa, Francisco Saavedra, Romeu Mendes O44 Accessibility of the elderly in the prevention of hypertension in a family health unit Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Luci S. Lopes, Eujcely C. Santiago O45 Community Health screenings and self-reported chronic diseases Sílvia Monteiro, Ângelo Jesus, Armanda Colaço, António Carvalho, Rita P. Silva, Agostinho Cruz O46 Evaluation of indoor air quality in Kindergartens Ana Ferreira, Catarina Marques, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O47 Atmospheric exposure to chemical agents under the occupational activity of pathology technicians Ana Ferreira, Carla Lopes, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo O48 Occupational exposure to air pollutants in night entertainment venues workers Ana Ferreira, Diana Ribeiro, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O49 Beliefs and attitudes of young people towards breastfeeding Telma Fernandes, Diogo Amado, Jéssica Leal, Marcelo Azevedo, Sónia Ramalho O50 Profiling informal caregivers: surveying needs in the care of the elderly Catarina Mangas, Jaime Ribeiro, Rita Gonçalves O51 Visual health in teenagers Amélia F Nunes, Ana R. Tuna, Carlos R. Martins, Henriqueta D. Forte O52 Amenable mortality and the geographic accessibility to healthcare in Portugal Cláudia Costa, José A. Tenedório, Paula Santana O53 Bacterial contamination of door handles in a São Paulo See Metropolitan Cathedral public restrooms in Brazil J. A. Andrade, J. L. Pinto, C. Campofiorito, S. Nunes, A. Carmo, A. Kaliniczenco, B. Alves, F. Mendes, C. Jesus, F. Fonseca, F. Gehrke O54 Adherence of patients to rehabilitation programmes Carlos Albuquerque, Rita Batista, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira, Olivério Ribeiro, Rosa Martins O55 Prevalence of malnutrition among Portuguese elderly living in nursing homes: preliminary results of the PEN-3S project Teresa Madeira, Catarina Peixoto-Plácido, Nuno Santos, Osvaldo Santos, Astrid Bergland, Asta Bye, Carla Lopes, Violeta Alarcão, Beatriz Goulão, Nuno Mendonça, Paulo Nicola, João G. Clara O56 Relation between emotional intelligence and mental illness in health students João Gomes, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, Marina Cordeiro P1 Fall risk factors in people older than 50 years old – a pilot report Marlene C. Rosa, Alda Marques P2 What about the Portuguese oldest old? A global overview using census data Daniela Brandão, Óscar Ribeiro, Lia Araújo, Constança Paúl P3 Prevalence of injuries in senior amateur volleyball athletes in Alentejo and Algarve clubs, Portugal: factors associated Beatriz Minghelli, Sylvina Richaud P4 Shame feelings and quality of life: the role of acceptance and decentring Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P5 Assessment of social support during deployment in portuguese colonial war veterans Teresa Carvalho, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia P6 Hospitalization for acute viral bronchiolitis of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Morgana C. Fernandes, Roger S. Rosa, Rita C. Nugem, Luís F. Kranz, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin P7 Falls-risk screening – an opportunity for preventing falls in the elderly from Nordeste Anabela C. Martins, Anabela Medeiros, Rafaela Pimentel, Andreia Fernandes, Carlos Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Susana Andrade, Ruth L. Menezes P8 Aging provokes chronodisruption in mature people in temperature circadian rhythm Rafael Bravo, Marta Miranda, Lierni Ugartemendia, José Mª Tena, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Lorena Fuentes-Broto, Ana B. Rodríguez, Barriga Carmen P9 The influence of climate and pollution factors in dengue cases of great ABC region, São Paulo M. A. Carneiro, J. N. Domingues, S. Paixão, J. Figueiredo, V. B. Nascimento, C. Jesus, F Mendes, F. Gehrke, B. Alves, L. Azzalis, F. Fonseca P10 Visual function and impact of visual therapy in children with learning disabilities: a pilot study Ana R. Martins, Amélia Nunes, Arminda Jorge P11 Edentulism and the need of oral rehabilitation among institutionalized elderly Nélio Veiga, Ana Amorim, André Silva, Liliana Martinho, Luís Monteiro, Rafael Silva, Carina Coelho, Odete Amaral, Inês Coelho, Carlos Pereira, André Correia P12 Therapy adherence of outpatients in the pharmacy services of a hospital unit Diana Rodrigues, Nídia Marante, Pedro Silva, Sara Carvalho, André Rts Araujo, Maximiano Ribeiro, Paula Coutinho, Sandra Ventura, Fátima Roque P13 Universal access and comprehensive care of oral health: an availability study Cristina Calvo, Manoela Reses P14 Is the respiratory function of children a predictor of air quality? Coimbra as a case study Jorge Conde, Ana Ferreira, João Figueiredo P15 Meaning-in-life of college students David Silva, Luís Seiça, Raquel Soares, Ricardo Mourão, Teresa Kraus O57 Training needs for nurses in palliative care Ana C. Abreu, José M. Padilha, Júlia M. Alves O58 Impact of computerized information systems in the global nurses’ workload: nurses’ perceptions and real-time Paulino Sousa, Manuel Oliveira, Joana Sousa O59 The perspective of health care professionals on self-care in hereditary neurodegenerative disease: a qualitative study Sónia Novais, Felismina Mendes O60 Contribution for health-related physical fitness reference values in healthy adolescents Joana Pinto, Joana Cruz, Alda Marques School of Health Sciences, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal O61 Perception of learning, satisfaction and self-efficacy of nursing students about High-Fidelity Simulation Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa O62 Analysis of statements of diagnosis about health deviation in self-care requisites customized in a Nursing Practice Support System (SAPE®): Management of therapeutic regimen Inês Cruz, Fernanda Bastos, Filipe Pereira O63 Hybrid management and hospital governance: doctors and nurses as managers Francisco L. Carvalho, Teresa T. Oliveira, Vítor R. Raposo O64 Time management in health professionals Conceição Rainho, José C. Ribeiro, Isabel Barroso, Vítor Rodrigues O65 Financial rewards and wellbeing in primary health care Carmo Neves, Teresa C. Oliveira O66 Patient safety promotion in the operating room Bárbara Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais, Pilar Baylina O67 Difficulties and needs of pre-graduate nursing students in the area of Geriatrics/Gerontology Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente O68 Teaching and learning sexuality in nursing education Hélia Dias, Margarida Sim-Sim O69 Entrepreneurial Motivations Questionnaire: AFC and CFA in academy Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Amélia Castilho, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, José Gomes, Marina Vaquinhas, Carla Carvalho, Lisete Mónico, Nuno Brito O70 Nursing intervention to patient with Permanent Pacemakers and Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillators: a qualitative analysis Cassilda Sarroeira, José Amendoeira, Fátima Cunha, Anabela Cândido, Patrícia Fernandes, Helena R. Silva, Elsa Silva O71 Alcohol consumption among nursing students: where does education fail? Isabel Barroso, Leila Lapa, Cristina Antunes O72 Labour stress in nursing Ana Gonçalves, Ana Galvão, Mª José Gomes, Susana R. Escanciano O73 The influence of safe staff nursing in patient satisfaction with nursing care Maria Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O74 Intention to use eHealth strategies with nursing students Ana R. Fernandes, Cremilde Cabral, Samuel Alves, Pedro Sousa O75 Community Based Mental Health: contributions of an interdisciplinary international program for students in higher health education António Ferreira, Fernanda Príncipe, Ulla-Maija Seppänen, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva O76 Study of satisfaction at work of graduates in nursing: 2002-2014 Manuela Ferreira, Joana Silva, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Bruno Santos, Soraia Duarte O77 Health professionals’ attitudes towards breastfeeding Sílvia Marques, Sónia Ramalho, Isabel Mendes O78 Continuity of nursing care to person with type 2 diabetes Clarisse Louro, Eva Menino, Maria Dixe, Sara S. Dias O79 Stigma toward mental illness among future health professionals Marina Cordeiro, Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes O80 Working with fears and anxieties of medical students in search of a humanized care Frederico C. Valim, Joyce O. Costa, Lúcia G. Bernardes P16 Surgical paediatrics patients’ psycho prophylaxis at a teaching hospital Helena Prebianchi P17 Patient-perceived outcomes in physiotherapy – a pilot study Marlene Cristina Rosa P18 Building competencies for managers in nursing Narcisa Gonçalves, Maria M. Martins, Paulina Kurcgant P19 Theoretical basis underlying physiotherapy practice in stroke rehabilitation André Vieira P20 When the life-cycle ends: the nurse’s confrontation with death Sandrina Bento, Sérgio Deodato, Isabel Rabiais P21 Nursing students’ opinion about the supervision relationship during their first clinical experience Laura Reis P22 Nursing Relational Laboratory: Pedagogical, dialogic and critical project Ana Torres, Sérgio Soares, Margarida Ferreira, Pedro Graça P23 Job satisfaction of bioscientists at a Lisbon hospital Céu Leitão, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém, Ana Almeida, Edna Ribeiro-Varandas, Ana Tavares P24 Sociodemographic and professional profile of nurses and its relation with the importance of family in nursing practices João G. Frade, Carolina Henriques, Eva Menino, Clarisse Louro, Célia Jordão P25 Professional satisfaction of rehabilitation nurses Sofia Neco, Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira P26 The person living with a stoma: the formalization of knowledge in nursing Carla R. Silva, Alice Brito, Antónia Silva P27 Validation of the Portuguese versions of the nursing students’ perceptions of learning and learner satisfaction with simulation tool Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa P28 Physiotherapists’ perceived knowledge on technologies for electronic health records for physiotherapy Gabriela Postolache, Raul Oliveira, Isabel Moreira, Luísa Pedro, Sónia Vicente, Samuel Domingos, Octavian Postolache P29 Quality of life and physical activity of medicine undergraduate students in the University of Southern Santa Catarina, Brazil Darlen Silva, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer, Dulcineia Schneider P30 The curricular skills for decision making education in a Nursing Degree Fátima M. Marques P31 Effect of nurses’ mobilization in satisfaction at work and turnover: An empirical study in the hospital setting Pedro Parreira, Carla Carvalho, Lisete M. Mónico, Carlos Pinto, Sara Vicente, São João Breda P32 Entrepreneurial skills of students of polytechnic higher education in Portugal: Business influences José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro, João Graveto, Marina Vaquinhas, Amélia Castilho P33 Design and assessment of e-learning modules for Pharmacology Ângelo Jesus, Nuno Duarte, José C. Lopes, Hélder Nunes, Agostinho Cruz P34 Perspective of nurses involved in an action-research study on the changes observed in care provision: results from a focus group Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Luciene M. Braga P35 Use of peer feedback by nursing students during clinical training: teacher’s perception António Ferreira, Beatriz Araújo, José M. Alves, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva, Sónia Novais P36 What’s new on endotracheal suctioning recommendations Ana S. Sousa, Cândida Ferrito P37 Assessment of the nurses satisfaction on the Central Region of Portugal Pedro L. Ferreira, Alexandre Rodrigues, Margarida Ferreira, Isabel Oliveira P38 Study of graduate’s satisfaction with the school of nursing Manuela Ferreira, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Soraia Duarte, Joana Silva, Bruno Santos P39 Partnership between the school of nursing and the hospital: Supervisors´ perspectives Cristina Martins, Ana P. Macedo, Odete Araújo, Cláudia Augusto, Fátima Braga, Lisa Gomes, Maria A. Silva, Rafaela Rosário P40 Coping strategies of college students Luís Pimenta, Diana Carreira, Patrícia Teles, Teresa Barros P41 Emotional intelligence and mental health stigma in health students Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro P42 Stigma of mental health assessment: Comparison between health courses Daniel Carvalho, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O81 Short- and long-term effects of pulmonary rehabilitation in mild COPD Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O82 Phonological awareness programme for preschool children Sylvie Capelas, Andreia Hall, Dina Alves, Marisa Lousada O83 REforma ATIVA: An efficient health promotion program to be implemented during retirement Mª Helena Loureiro, Ana Camarneiro, Margarida Silva, Aida Mendes, Ana Pedreiro O84 Intervention for men who batter women, a case report Anne G.Silva, Elza S. Coelho O85 Immediate effects of Bowen Therapy on muscle tone and flexibility Flávio Melo, Fernando Ribeiro, Rui Torres, Rui Costa O86 Predictive equation for incremental shuttle walk test in adolescents Tânia Pinho, Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O87 Life satisfaction and psychopathology in institutionalized elderly people: The results of an adapted Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction program Bárbara Cruz, Daniel Seabra, Diogo Carreira, Maria Ventura O88 Outcome changes in COPD rehabilitation: exploring the relationship between physical activity and health-related outcomes Joana Cruz, Dina Brooks, Alda Marques O89 Assessing the effectiveness of a Complex Nursing Intervention M Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta Lima-Basto, Miguel Neves, Lisete M. Mónico O90 Psychotherapeutic intervention in addiction disorders: Change in psychopathological symptoms and emotional states Carla Bizarro, Marina Cunha, Ana Galhardo, Couto Margarida, Ana P. Amorim, Eduardo Silva O91 Economic impact of a nursing intervention program to promote self-management in COPD Susana Cruz, José M. Padilha, Jorge Valente O92 Multimodal acute pain management during uterine artery embolization in treatment of uterine myomas José T. Guerrero, Francisco P. Caballero, Rafael B. Santos, Estefania P. Gonzalez, Fátima M. Monago, Lierni U. Ugalde, Marta M. Vélez, Maria J. Tena O93 Fluid administration strategies in major surgery: Goal-directed therapy José T. Guerrero, Rafael Bravo, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Isabel A. Becerra, Mª Elizabeth Agudelo, Guadalupe Acedo, Roberto Bajo O94 Development and implementation of a self-management educational programme using lay-led’s in adolescents Spina Bifida: A pilot study Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O95 Influence of chair-based yoga exercises on salivary anti-microbial proteins in institutionalized frail-elderly women: a preliminary study Guilherme Furtado, Mateus Uba-Chupel, Mariana Marques, Luís Rama, Margarida Braga, José P. Ferreira, Ana Mª Teixeira O96 High intensity interval training vs moderate intensity continuous training impact on diabetes 2 João Cruz, Tiago Barbosa, Ângela Simões, Luís Coelho O97 Family caregiver of people with pressure ulcer: Nursing intervention plan Alexandre Rodrigues, Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Francisco Martinez-Hernández, Bienvenida Rodriguez-De-Vera, Pedro Ferreira, Alexandrina Rodrigues O98 Chronic effects of exercise on motor memory consolidation in elderly people André Ramalho, João Petrica, Pedro Mendes, João Serrano, Inês Santo, António Rosado O99 Impression cytology of the ocular surface: Collection technique and sample processing Paula Mendonça, Kátia Freitas O100 Does sport practice affect the reaction time in neuromuscular activity? Dora Ferreira, António Brito, Renato Fernandes O101 Efficiency of the enteral administration of fibbers in the treatment of chronic obstipation Sofia Gomes, Fernando Moreira, Cláudia Pinho, Rita Oliveira, Ana I. Oliveira O102 Fast decalcifier in compact bone and spongy bone Paula Mendonça, Ana P. Casimiro, Patrícia Martins, Iryna Silva O103 Health promotion in the elderly – Intervention project in dementia Diana Evangelista O104 Prevention of musculoskeletal disorders through an exercise protocol held in labour context Catarina Leitão, Fábia Velosa, Nélio Carecho, Luís Coelho O105 Knowledge of teachers and other education agents on diabetes type 1: Effectiveness of an intervention program Eva Menino, Anjos Dixe, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ester Gama, Clementina Gordo O106 Treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain: a systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Eliana Moreira, Cristiana Midões, Marlene Santos O107 New drugs for osteoporosis treatment: Systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Sara Machado, Vânia P. Oliveira, Marlene Santos O108 Promoting hope at the end of life: Effectiveness of an Intervention Programme Ana Querido, Anjos Dixe, Rita Marques, Zaida Charepe P43 Psychomotor therapy effects on adaptive behaviour and motor proficiency of adults with intellectual disability Ana Antunes, Sofia Santos P44 The effect of exercise therapy in multiple sclerosis – a single study case Marlene C. Rosa P45 Physical condition and self-efficacy in people with fall risk – a preliminary study Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P46 Shock waves: their effectiveness in improving the symptoms of calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder Beatriz Minghelli, Eulália Caro P47 Pacifier – construction and pilot application of a parenting intervention for parents of babies until six months in primary health care Mª José Luís, Teresa Brandão P48 The influence of Motor Imagery in fine motor skills of individuals with disabilities Pedro Mendes, Daniel Marinho, João Petrica, Diogo Monteiro, Rui Paulo, João Serrano, Inês Santo P49 Evaluation of the effects of a walking programme on the fall risk factors in older people – a longitudinal pilot study Lina Monteiro, Fátima Ramalho, Rita Santos-Rocha, Sónia Morgado, Teresa Bento P50 Nursing intervention programme in lifestyles of adolescents Gilberta Sousa, Otília Freitas, Isabel Silva, Gregório Freitas, Clementina Morna, Rita Vasconcelos P51 The person submitted to hip replacement rehabilitation, at home Tatiana Azevedo, Salete Soares, Jacinta Pisco P52 Effects of Melatonin use in the treatment of neurovegetative diseases Paulo P. Ferreira, Efrain O. Olszewer, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira P53 Review of Phytotherapy and other natural substances in alcohol abuse and alcoholism Erica Santos, Ana I. Oliveira, Carla Maia, Fernando Moreira, Joana Santos, Maria F. Mendes, Rita F. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho P54 Dietary programme impact on biochemical markers in diabetics: systematic review Eduarda Barreira, Ana Pereira, Josiana A. Vaz, André Novo P55 Biological approaches to knee osteoarthritis: platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P56 Platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid intra-articular injections for the treatment of ankle osteoarthritis Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P57 The impact of preventive measures in the incidence of diabetic foot ulcers: a systematic review Ana F. César, Mariana Poço, David Ventura, Raquel Loura, Pedro Gomes, Catarina Gomes, Cláudia Silva, Elsa Melo, João Lindo P58 Dating violence among young adolescents Joana Domingos, Zaida Mendes, Susana Poeta, Tiago Carvalho, Catarina Tomás, Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe P59 Physical activity and motor memory in pedal dexterity André Ramalho, António Rosado, Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, Inês Garcia, João Petrica P60 The effects of whole body vibration on the electromyographic activity of thigh muscles Sandra Rodrigues, Rui Meneses, Carlos Afonso, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P61 Mental health promotion in the workplace Marina Cordeiro, Paulo Granjo, José C. Gomes P62 Influence of physical exercise on the self-perception of body image in elderly women: A systematic review of qualitative studies Nelba R. Souza, Guilherme E. Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, Paula Silva, Joana Carvalho O109 Psychometric properties of the Portuguese version of the Éxamen Geronto-Psychomoteur (P-EGP) Marina Ana Morais, Sofia Santos, Paula Lebre, Ana Antunes O110 Symptoms of depression in the elderly population of Portugal, Spain and Italy António Calha O111 Emotion regulation strategies and psychopathology symptoms: A comparison between adolescents with and without deliberate self-harm Ana Xavier, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia O112 Prevalence of physical disability in people with leprosy Liana Alencar, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira O113 Quality of life and self-esteem in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients Ilda Cardoso, Ana Galhardo, Fernanda Daniel, Vítor Rodrigues O114 Cross-cultural comparison of gross motor coordination in children from Brazil and Portugal Leonardo Luz, Tatiana Luz, Maurício R. Ramos, Dayse C. Medeiros, Bruno M. Carmo, André Seabra, Cristina Padez, Manuel C. Silva O115 Electrocardiographic differences between African and Caucasian people António Rodrigues, Patrícia Coelho, Alexandre Coelho O116 Factors associated with domestic, sexual and other types of violence in the city of Palhoça - Brazil Madson Caminha, Filipe Matheus, Elenice Mendes, Jony Correia, Marcia Kretzer O117 Tinnitus prevalence study of users of a hospital of public management - Spain Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvendida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera, Carla Jimenez-Rodriguez, Yadira Armas-Gonzalez O118 Difficulties experienced by parents of children with diabetes mellitus of preschool age in therapeutic and nutritional management Cátia Rodrigues, Rosa Pedroso O119 E-mental health - “nice to have” or “must have”? Exploring the attitudes towards e-mental health in the general population Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O120 Violence against children and adolescents and the role of health professionals: Knowing how to identify and care Milene Veloso, Celina Magalhães, Isabel Cabral, Maira Ferraz O121 Marital violence. A study in the Algarve population Filipe Nave, Emília Costa, Filomena Matos, José Pacheco O122 Clinical factors and adherence to treatment in ischemic heart disease António Dias, Carlos Pereira, João Duarte, Madalena Cunha, Daniel Silva O123 Can religiosity improve optimism in participants in states of illness, when controlling for life satisfaction? Lisete M. Mónico, Valentim R. Alferes, Mª São João Brêda, Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira O124 Empowerment, knowledge and quality of life of people with diabetes type 2 in the Alto Minho Health Local Unit Mª Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Pimenta, José Boavida O125 Antihypertensive therapy adherence among hypertensive patients from Bragança county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, Catarina Silva O126 Subjective perception of sexual achievement - An exploratory study on people with overweight Maria Ribeiro, Maria Viega-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Ana Mª Pereira O127 Physical activity level and associated factors in hypertensive individuals registered in the family health strategy of a basic health unit from the city of Palhoça, Santa Catarina, Brazil Fabrícia M. Almeida, Gustavo L. Estevez, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia R. Kretzer O128 Perception of functional fitness and health in non-institutionalised elderly from rural areas Paulo V. João, Paulo Nogueira, Sandra Novais, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Maria Mota O129 Medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated at primary health care in Coimbra Rui Cruz, Luiz Santiago, Carlos Fontes-Ribeiro O130 Multivariate association between body mass index and multi-comorbidities in elderly people living in low socio-economic status context Guilherme Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, André P. Coutinho, João S. Neto, Lélia R. Vasconcelos, Nelba R. Souza, Estélio Dantas O131 Metacognition, rumination and experiential avoidance in Borderline Personality Disorder Alexandra Dinis, Sérgio Carvalho, Paula Castilho, José Pinto-Gouveia O132 Health issues in a vulnerable population: nursing consultation in a public bathhouse in Lisbon Alexandra Sarreira-Santos, Amélia Figueiredo, Lurdes Medeiros-Garcia, Paulo Seabra O133 The perception of quality of life in people with multiple sclerosis accompanied in External Consultation of the Local Health Unit of Alto Minho Rosa Rodrigues, Mª Carminda Morais, Paula O. Fernandes O134 Representation of interaction established between immigrant women and nurse during pregnancy to postpartum, from the perspective of immigrant women Conceição Santiago, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo, Marta L. Basto O135 Illness perceptions and medication adherence in hypertension Teresa Guimarães, André Coelho, Anabela Graça, Ana M. Silva, Ana R. Fonseca O136 A Portuguese study on adults’ intimate partner violence, interpersonal trust and hope Luz Vale-Dias, Bárbara Minas, Graciete Franco-Borges P63 QOL’ predictors of people with intellectual disability and general population Cristina Simões, Sofia Santos P64 Content validation of the Communication Disability Profile (CDP) - Portuguese Version Ana Serra, Maria Matos, Luís Jesus P65 Study of biochemical and haematological changes in football players Ana S. Tavares, Ana Almeida, Céu Leitão, Edna Varandas, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém P66 Body image dissatisfaction in inflammatory bowel disease: exploring the role of chronic illness-related shame Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira, José Pinto-Gouveia, Joana Marta-Simões P67 Obesity and sleep in the adult population - a systematic review Odete Amaral, Cristiana Miranda, Pedro Guimarães, Rodrigo Gonçalves, Nélio Veiga, Carlos Pereira P68 Frequency of daytime sleepiness and obstructive sleep apnea risk in COPD patients Tânia C. Fleig, Elisabete A. San-Martin, Cássia L. Goulart, Paloma B. Schneiders, Natacha F. Miranda, Lisiane L. Carvalho, Andrea G. Silva P69 Working with immigrant-origin clients: discourses and practices of health professionals Joana Topa, Conceição Nogueira, Sofia Neves P70 Systemic Lupus Erythematosus – what are audiovestibular changes? Rita Ventura, Cristina Nazaré P71 Mental disorders in the oldest old: findings from the Portuguese national hospitalization database Daniela Brandão, Alberto Freitas, Óscar Ribeiro, Constança Paúl P72 Recurrence analysis in postural control in children with cerebral palsy Cristiana Mercê, Marco Branco, Pedro Almeida, Daniela Nascimento, Juliana Pereira, David Catela P73 The experience of self-care in the elderly with COPD: contributions to reflect proximity care Helga Rafael P74 Culturally competent nurses: managing unpredictability in clinical practice with immigrants Alcinda C. Reis O137 Paediatric speech and language screening: An instrument for health professionals Ana Mendes, Ana R. Valente, Marisa Lousada O138 Anthropometric and nutritional assessment in bodybuilders Diana Sousa, Ana L. Baltazar, Mª Helena Loureiro O139 Computerized adventitious respiratory sounds in children with lower respiratory tract infections Ana Oliveira, José Aparício, Alda Marques O140 Role of computerized respiratory sounds as a marker in LRTI Alda Marques, Ana Oliveira, Joana Neves, Rodrigo Ayoub O141 Confirmatory factor analysis of the Personal Wellbeing Index in people with chronic kidney disease Luís Sousa, Cristina Marques-Vieira, Sandy Severino, Helena José O142 Phonological awareness skills in school aged children Inês Cadorio, Marisa Lousada O143 Assessment of early memories of warmth and safeness in interaction with peers: its relationship with psychopathology in adolescence Marina Cunha, Diogo Andrade, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O144 The molecular effects induced by single shot irradiation on a diffuse large B cell lymphoma cell line Fernando Mendes, Cátia Domingues, Susann Schukg, Ana M. Abrantes, Ana C. Gonçalves, Tiago Sales, Ricardo Teixo, Rita Silva, Jéssica Estrela, Mafalda Laranjo, João Casalta-Lopes, Clara Rocha, Paulo C. Simões, Ana B. Sarmento-Ribeiro, Mª Filomena Botelho, Manuel S. Rosa O145 Morpho-functional characterization of cardiac chambers by Transthoracic Echocardiography, in young athletes of gymnastics competition Virgínia Fonseca, Diogo Colaço, Vanessa Neves O146 Prevalence of the antibodies of the new histo-blood system – FORS system Carlos Jesus, Camilla Hesse, Clara Rocha, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Lola Svensson, Fernando Mendes, Wafa A. Siba, Cristina Pereira, Jorge Tomaz O147 Assessment of the war-related perceived threat in Portuguese Colonial War Veterans Teresa Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha O148 Pulse transit time estimation for continuous blood pressure measurement: A comparative study Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O149 Blood pressure assessment during standard clinical manoeuvres: A non-invasive PPT based approach Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O150 Development and initial validation of the Activities and Participation Profile related to Mobility (APPM) Anabela C. Martins O151 MEASYCare-2010 Standard–A geriatric evaluation system in primary health care: Reliability and validity of the latest version in Portugal Piedade Brandão, Laura Martins, Margarida Cardoso O152 Interrater and intrarater reliability and agreement of the range of shoulder flexion in the standing upright position through photographic assessment Nuno Morais, Joana Cruz O153 Three-dimensional biofabrication techniques for tissue regeneration Nuno Alves, Paula Faria, Artur Mateus, Pedro Morouço O154 A new computer tool for biofabrication applied to tissue engineering Nuno Alves, Nelson Ferreira, Artur Mateus, Paula Faria, Pedro Morouço O155 Development and psychometric qualities of a scale to measure the functional independence of adolescents with motor impairment Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O156 Organizational Trust in Health services: Exploratory and Confirmatory factor analysis of the Organizational Trust Inventory- Short Form (OTI-SF) Pedro Parreira, Andreia Cardoso, Lisete Mónico, Carla Carvalho, Albino Lopes, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira O157 Thermal symmetry: An indicator of occupational task asymmetries in physiotherapy Adérito Seixas, Valter Soares, Tiago Dias, Ricardo Vardasca, Joaquim Gabriel, Sandra Rodrigues O158 A study of ICT active monitoring adoption in stroke rehabilitation Hugo Paredes, Arsénio Reis, Sara Marinho, Vítor Filipe, João Barroso O159 Paranoia Checklist (Portuguese Version): Preliminary studies in a mixed sample of patients and healthy controls Carolina Da Motta, Célia B. Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Ermelindo Peixoto O160 Reliability and validity of the Composite Scale on Morningness: European Portuguese version, in adolescents and young adults Ana A. Gomes, Vanessa Costa, Diana Couto, Daniel R. Marques, José A. Leitão, José Tavares, Maria H. Azevedo, Carlos F. Silva O161 Evaluation scale of patient satisfaction with nursing care: Psychometric properties evaluation João Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O162 Impact of fibromyalgia on quality of life: Comparing results from generic instruments and FIQR Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Gang Chen, Angelo Iezzi, José A. Sala, José A. Parraça, Narcis Gusi O163 Preliminary study of the adaptation and validation of the Rating Scale of Resilient Self: Resilience, self-harm and suicidal ideation in adolescents Jani Sousa, Mariana Marques, Jacinto Jardim, Anabela Pereira, Sónia Simões, Marina Cunha O164 Development of the first pressure ulcer in inpatient setting: Focus on length of stay Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Lindo, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo O165 Forms of Self-Criticizing and Self-Reassuring Scale: Adaptation and early findings in a sample of Portuguese children Célia B. Carvalho, Joana Benevides, Marina Sousa, Joana Cabral, Carolina Da Motta O166 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – Preliminary results of the dimensional approach Ana T. Pereira, Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Rosa Carvalho, Mariana Marques, António Macedo O167 Psychometric properties of the BaSIQS-Basic Scale on insomnia symptoms and quality of sleep, in adults and in the elderly Ana M. Silva, Juliana Alves, Ana A. Gomes, Daniel R. Marques, Mª Helena Azevedo, Carlos Silva O168 Enlightening the human decision in health: The skin melanocytic classification challenge Ana Mendes, Huei D. Lee, Newton Spolaôr, Jefferson T. Oliva, Wu F. Chung, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O169 Test-retest reliability household life study and health questionnaire Pomerode (SHIP-BRAZIL) Keila Bairros, Cláudia D. Silva, Clóvis A. Souza, Silvana S. Schroeder O170 Characterization of sun exposure behaviours among medical students from Nova Medical School Elsa Araújo, Helena Monteiro, Ricardo Costa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal O171 Spirituality in pregnant women Carolina G. Henriques, Luísa Santos, Elisa F. Caceiro, Sónia A. Ramalho O172 Polypharmacy in older patients with cancer Rita Oliveira, Vera Afreixo, João Santos, Priscilla Mota, Agostinho Cruz, Francisco Pimentel O173 Quality of life of caregivers of people with advanced chronic disease: Translation and validation of the quality of life in life threatening illness - family carer version (QOLLTI-C-PT) Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa O174 The psychometric properties of the brief Other as Shamer Scale for Children (OAS-C): preliminary validation studies in a sample of Portuguese children Joana Benevides, Carolina Da Motta, Marina Sousa, Suzana N. Caldeira, Célia B. Carvalho O175 Measuring emotional intelligence in health care students – Revalidation of WLEIS-P Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O176 Health indicators in prenatal assistance: The impact of computerization and of under-production in basic health centres Joyce O. Costa, Frederico C. Valim, Lígia C. Ribeiro O177 Hope genogram: Assessment of resources and interaction patterns in the family of the child with cerebral palsy Zaida Charepe, Ana Querido, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo O178 The influence of childbirth type in postpartum quality of life Priscila S. Aquino, Samila G. Ribeiro, Ana B. Pinheiro, Paula A. Lessa, Mirna F. Oliveira, Luísa S. Brito, Ítalo N. Pinto, Alessandra S. Furtado, Régia B. Castro, Caroline Q. Aquino, Eveliny S. Martins O179 Women’s beliefs about pap smear test and cervical cancer: influence of social determinants Ana B Pinheiro, Priscila S. Aquino, Lara L. Oliveira, Patrícia C. Pinheiro, Caroline R. Sousa, Vívien A. Freitas, Tatiane M. Silva, Adman S. Lima, Caroline Q. Aquino, Karizia V. Andrade, Camila A. Oliveira, Eglidia F. Vidal O180 Validity of the Portuguese version of the ASI-3: Is anxiety sensitivity a unidimensional or multidimensional construct? Ana Ganho-Ávila, Mariana Moura-Ramos, Óscar Gonçalves, Jorge Almeida O181 Lifestyles of higher education students: the influence of self-esteem and psychological well-being Armando Silva, Irma Brito, João Amado P75 Assessing the quality of life of persons with significant intellectual disability: Portuguese version of Escala de San Martín António Rodrigo, Sofia Santos, Fernando Gomes P76 Childhood obesity and breastfeeding - A systematic review Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P77 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Foot and Ankle Ability Measure (FAAM) for the Portuguese population Sara Luís, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P78 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Patient-Rated Wrist Evaluation score (PRWE) for the Portuguese population Rui S. Lopes, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P79 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Myocardial Infraction Dimensional Assessment Scale (MIDAS) for Brazilian Portuguese language Bruno H. Fiorin, Marina S. Santos, Edmar S. Oliveira, Rita L. Moreira, Elizabete A. Oliveira, Braulio L. Filho P80 The revised Portuguese version of the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire: A confirmatory factor analysis Lara Palmeira, Teresa Garcia, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha P81 Assessing weight-related psychological inflexibility: An exploratory factor analysis of the AAQW’s Portuguese version Sara Cardoso, Lara Palmeira, Marina Cunha; José Pinto-Gouveia P82 Validation of the Body Appreciation Scale-2 for Portuguese women Joana Marta-Simões, Ana L. Mendes, Inês A. Trindade, Sara Oliveira, Cláudia Ferreira P83 The Portuguese validation of the Dietary Intent Scale Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P84 Construction and validation of the Inventory of Marital Violence (IVC) Filipe Nave P85 Portable continuous blood pressure monitor system Mariana Campos, Iris Gaudêncio, Fernando Martins, Lino Ferreira, Nuno Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto P86 Construction and validation of the Scale of Perception of the Difficulties in Caring for the Elderly (SPDCE) Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente P87 Development and validation of a comfort rating scale for the elderly hospitalized with chronic illness Joana Silva, Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques P88 Construction and validation of the Postpartum Paternal Quality of Life Questionnaire (PP-QOL) Isabel Mendes, Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente P89 Infrared thermal imaging: A tool for assessing diabetic foot ulcers Ricardo Vardasca, Ana R. Marques, Adérito Seixas, Rui Carvalho, Joaquim Gabriel P90 Pressure ulcers in an intensive care unit: An experience report Paulo P. Ferreira, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira, Pablo O. Costa, Maiza M. Silva P91 Validation of figures used in evocations: instrument to capture representations Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Nathália Alvarenga-Martins, Paulo F. Pinto, Denize C. Oliveira, Pedro D. Parreira, Antônio T. Gomes, Luciene M. Braga P92 Telephone assistance to decrease burden in informal caregivers of stroke older people: Monitoring and diagnostic evaluation Odete Araújo, Isabel Lage, José Cabrita, Laetitia Teixeira P93 Hope of informal caregivers of people with chronic and advanced disease Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa P94 Functionality and quality information from the Portuguese National Epidemiological Surveillance System Sara Silva, Eugénio Cordeiro, João Pimentel P95 Resting metabolic rate objectively measured vs. Harris and Benedict formula Vera Ferro-Lebres, Juliana A. Souza, Mariline Tavares O182 Characteristics of non-urgent patients: Cross-sectional study of an emergency department Mª Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa, Rui Passadouro, Teresa Peralta, Carlos Ferreira, Georgina Lourenço O183 Physical fitness and health in children of the 1st Cycle of Education João Serrano, João Petrica, Rui Paulo, Samuel Honório, Pedro Mendes O184 The impact of physical activity on sleep quality, in children Alexandra Simões, Lucinda Carvalho, Alexandre Pereira O185 What is the potential for using Information and Communication Technologies in Arterial Hypertension self-management? Sara Silva, Paulino Sousa, José M. Padilha O186 Exploring psychosocial factors associated with risk of falling in older patients undergoing haemodialysis Daniela Figueiredo, Carolina Valente, Alda Marques O187 Development of pressure ulcers on the face in patients undergoing non-invasive ventilation Patrícia Ribas, Joana Sousa, Frederico Brandão, Cesar Sousa, Matilde Martins O188 The elder hospitalized: Limiting factors of comfort Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques O189 Physical activity and health state self-perception by Portuguese adults Francisco Mendes, Rosina Fernandes, Emília Martins, Cátia Magalhães, Patrícia Araújo O190 Satisfaction with social support in the elderly of the district of Bragança Carla Grande, Mª Augusta Mata, Juan G. Vieitez O191 Prevalence of death by traumatic brain injury and associated factors in intensive care unit of a general hospital, Brazil Bruna Bianchini, Nazare Nazario, João G. Filho, Marcia Kretzer O192 Relation between family caregivers burden and health status of elderly dependents Tânia Costa, Armando Almeida, Gabriel Baffour O193 Phenomena sensitive to nursing care in day centre Armando Almeida, Tânia Costa, Gabriel Baffour O194 Frailty: what do the elderly think? Zaida Azeredo, Carlos Laranjeira, Magda Guerra, Ana P. Barbeiro O195 The therapeutic self-care as a nursing-sensitive outcome: A correlational study Regina Ferreira O196 Phonetic-phonological acquisition for the European Portuguese from 18 months to 6 years and 12 months Sara Lopes, Liliana Nunes, Ana Mendes O197 Quality of life of patients undergoing liver transplant surgery Julian Martins, Dulcineia Schneider, Marcia Kretzer, Flávio Magajewski O198 Professional competences in health: views of older people from different European Countries Célia Soares, António Marques O199 Life satisfaction of working adults due to the number of hours of weekly exercise Marco Batista, Ruth J. Castuera, Helena Mesquita, António Faustino, Jorge Santos, Samuel Honório O200 Therapeutic itinerary of women with breast cancer in Santa Maria City/RS Betina P. Vizzotto, Leticia Frigo, Hedioneia F. Pivetta O201 The breastfeeding prevalence at 4 months: Maternal experience as a determining factor Dolores Sardo O202 The impact of the transition to parenthood in health and well-being Cristina Martins, Wilson Abreu, Mª Céu Figueiredo P96 Self-determined motivation and well-being in Portuguese active adults of both genders Marco Batista, Ruth Jimenez-Castuera, João Petrica, João Serrano, Samuel Honório, Rui Paulo, Pedro Mendes P97 The geriatric care: ways and means of comforting Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques P98 The influence of relative age, subcutaneous adiposity and physical growth on Castelo Branco under-15 soccer players 2015 António Faustino, Paulo Silveira, João Serrano, Rui Paulo, Pedro Mendes, Samuel Honório P99 Data for the diagnostic process focused on self-care – managing medication regime: An integrative literature review Catarina Oliveira, Fernanda Bastos, Inês Cruz P100 Art therapy as mental health promotion for children Cláudia K. Rodriguez, Márcia R. Kretzer, Nazaré O. Nazário P101 Chemical characterization of fungal chitosan for industrial applications Pedro Cruz, Daniela C. Vaz, Rui B. Ruben, Francisco Avelelas, Susana Silva, Mª Jorge Campos P102 The impact of caring older people at home Maria Almeida, Liliana Gonçalves, Lígia Antunes P103 Development of the first pressure ulcer in an inpatient setting: Focus on patients’ characteristics Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Simões, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo P104 Association between General Self-efficacy and Physical Activity among Adolescents Susana Cardoso, Osvaldo Santos, Carla Nunes, Isabel Loureiro O203 Characterization of the habits of online acquisition of medicinal products in Portugal Flávia Santos, Gilberto Alves O204 Waiting room – A space for health education Cláudia Soar, Teresa O. Marsi O205 Safey culture evaluation in hospitalized children Ernestina Silva, Dora Pedrosa, Andrea Leça, Daniel Silva O206 Sexual Self-awareness and Body Image Ana Galvão, Maria Gomes, Paula Fernandes, Ana Noné O207 Perception of a Portuguese population regarding the acquisition and consumption of functional foods Jaime Combadão, Cátia Ramalhete, Paulo Figueiredo, Patrícia Caeiro O208 The work process in primary health care: evaluation in municipalities of southern Brazil Karine C. Fontana, Josimari T. Lacerda, Patrícia O. Machado O209 Exploration and evaluation of potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria isolated from Amazon buffalo milk Raphaelle Borges, Flávio Barbosa, Dayse Sá O210 Road safety for children: Using children’s observation, as a passenger Germana Brunhoso, Graça Aparício, Amâncio Carvalho O211 Perception and application of quality-by-design by the Pharmaceutical industry in Portugal Ana P. Garcia, Paula O. Fernandes, Adriana Santos O212 Oral health among Portuguese children and adolescents: a public health issue Nélio Veiga, Carina Brás, Inês Carvalho, Joana Batalha, Margarida Glória, Filipa Bexiga, Inês Coelho, Odete Amaral, Carlos Pereira O213 Plant species as a medicinal resource in Igatu-Chapada Diamantina (Bahia, Brazil) Cláudia Pinho, Nilson Paraíso, Ana I. Oliveira, Cristóvão F. Lima, Alberto P. Dias O214 Characterization of cognitive and functional performance in everyday tasks: Implications for health in institutionalised older adults Pedro Silva, Mário Espada, Mário Marques, Ana Pereira O215 BMI and the perception of the importance given to sexuality in obese and overweight people Ana Mª Pereira, Mª Veiga-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Maria Ribeiro O216 Analysis and comparison of microbiological contaminations of two different composition pacifiers Vera Lima, Ana I. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho, Graça Cruz, Rita F. Oliveira, Luísa Barreiros, Fernando Moreira O217 Experiences of couple relationships in the transition to retirement Ana Camarneiro, Mª Helena Loureiro, Margarida Silva O218 Preventive and corrective treatment of drug-induced calcium deficiency: an analysis in a community pharmacy setting Catarina Duarte, Ângelo Jesus, Agostinho Cruz O219 Profile of mood states in physically active elderly subjects: Is there a relation with health perception? Maria Mota, Sandra Novais, Paulo Nogueira, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Paulo V. João O220 (Un)Safety behaviour at work: the role of education towards a health and safety culture Teresa Maneca Lima O221 Analysis of the entrepreneurial profile of students attending higher education in Portugal: the Carland Entrepreneurship Index application Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Marina Vaquinhas, Pedro Parreira, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, Amélia Castilho, José H. Gomes O222 Evaluation of welfare and quality of life of pregnant working women regarding the age of the pregnant María S. Medina, Valeriana G. Blanco O223 Psychological wellbeing protection among unemployed and temporary workers: Uncovering effective community-based interventions with a Delphi panel Osvaldo Santos, Elisa Lopes, Ana Virgolino, Alexandra Dinis, Sara Ambrósio, Inês Almeida, Tatiana Marques, Mª João Heitor O224 Chilean population norms derived from the Health-related quality of life SF-6D Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Pedro R. Olivares, José A. Parraça, José A. Sala O225 Motivation of college students toward Entrepreneurship: The influence of social and economic instability Amélia Castilho, João Graveto, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Oliveira, José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Marina Vaquinhas O226 Use of aromatic and medicinal plants, drugs and herbal products in Bragança city Mónia Cheio, Agostinho Cruz, Olívia R. Pereira O227 Edible flowers as new novel foods concept for health promotion Sara Pinto, Adriana Oliveira, M. Conceição Manso, Carla Sousa, Ana F. Vinha O228 The influence of leisure activities on the health and welfare of older people living in nursing homes Mª Manuela Machado, Margarida Vieira O229 Risk of falling, fear of falling and functionality in community-dwelling older adults Beatriz Fernandes, Teresa Tomás, Diogo Quirino O230 Musculoskeletal pain and postural habits in children and teenage students Gustavo Desouzart, Rui Matos, Magali Bordini, Pedro Mouroço O231 What's different in Southern Europe? The question of citizens’ participation in health systems Ana R. Matos, Mauro Serapioni O232 Occupational stress in Portuguese police officers Teresa Guimarães, Virgínia Fonseca, André Costa, João Ribeiro, João Lobato O233 Is occupational therapy culturally relevant to promote mental health in Burkina Faso? Inmaculada Z. Martin, Anita Björklund P105 Pay-for-performance satisfaction and quality in primary care Aida I. Tavares, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Passadouro P106 Economic development through life expectancy lenses Sónia Morgado P107 What is the effectiveness of exercise on smoking cessation to prevent clinical complications of smoking? Nuno Tavares, João Valente, Anabela C. Martins P108 A systematic review of the effects of yoga on mental health Patrícia Araújo, Rosina Fernandes, Francisco Mendes, Cátia Magalhães, Emília Martins P109 Healthy lifestyle: comparison between higher education students that lived until adult age in rural and urban environment Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, António Faustino, Helena Mesquita, Samuel Honório, Marco Batista P110 Evaluation of the Mobile Emergency Care Service (SAMU) in Brazil Josimari T. Lacerda, Angela B. Ortiga, Mª Cristina Calvo, Sônia Natal P111 Bioactive compounds - antioxidant activity of tropical fruits Marta Pereira P112 Use of non-pharmacological methods to relieve pain in labour Manuela Ferreira, Ana R. Prata, Paula Nelas, João Duarte P113 Mechanical safety of pacifiers sold in Portuguese pharmacies and childcare stores Juliana Carneiro, Ana I. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho, Cristina Couto, Rita F. Oliveira, Fernando Moreira P114 The importance of prenatal consultation: Information to pregnant women given on a unit of primary care Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Géssica M. Souza, Lívia F. Almada, Milena A. Conceição, Eujcely C. Santiago P115 Influence of different backpack loading conditions on neck and lumbar muscles activity of elementary school children Sandra Rodrigues, Gabriela Domingues, Irina Ferreira, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P116 Efficacy and safety of dry extract Hedera helix in the treatment of productive cough Ana R. Costa, Ângelo Jesus, Américo Cardoso, Alexandra Meireles, Armanda Colaço, Agostinho Cruz P117 A portrait of the evaluation processes of education groups in primary health care Viviane L. Vieira, Kellem R. Vincha, Ana Mª Cervato-Mancuso P118 Benefits of vitamins C and E in sensorineural hearing loss: a review Melissa Faria, Cláudia Reis P119 BODY SNAPSHOT – a web-integrated anthropometric evaluation system Marco P. Cova, Rita T. Ascenso, Henrique A. Almeida, Eunice G. Oliveira P120 Anthropometric evaluation and variation during pregnancy Miguel Santana, Rafael Pereira, Eunice G. Oliveira, Henrique A. Almeida, Rita T. Ascenso P121 Knowledge of college students on the amendments of their eating habits and physical activity index in the transition to higher education Rita Jesus, Rodrigo Tapadas, Carolina Tim-Tim, Catarina Cezanne, Matilde Lagoa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal P122 Muscular activity of a rally race car driver João Lopes, Henrique Almeida, Sandra Amado, Luís Carrão O234 Literacy and results in health Madalena Cunha, Luís Saboga-Nunes, Carlos Albuquerque, Olivério Ribeiro O235 Literacy promotion and empowerment of type 2 diabetics elderly in four family health units of the group of health centers of Dão Lafões Suzete Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais O236 Mediterranean diet, health and life quality among Portuguese children Emília Martins, Francisco Mendes, Rosina Fernandes, Cátia Magalhães, Patrícia Araújo O237 Health literacy, from data to action - translation, validation and application of the European Health Literacy Survey in Portugal (HLS-EU-PT) Ana R. Pedro, Odete Amaral, Ana Escoval O238 Oral health literacy evaluation in a Portuguese military population Victor Assunção, Henrique Luís, Luís Luís O239 Preferences to Internet-based cognitive behavioural therapy – do attachment orientations matter? Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O240 A comparative transnational study in health literacy between Austria and Portugal Ulrike Fotschl, Gerald Lirk, Anabela C. Martins, Isabel Andrade, Fernando Mendes O241 Health literacy and social behaviours: relationship with sexually transmitted diseases? Verónica Mendonça, Sandra Antunes, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O242 Parenting styles and attachment to parents: what relationships? Paula A. Silva, Lisete M. Mónico, Pedro M. Parreira, Carla Carvalho O243 Work-life balance in health professionals and professors: comparative study of workers with shift work and fixed schedule Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira, Lisete M. Mónico, Joana Ruivo O244 Technology literacy in self-management of diabetes Vânia Silva, Paulino Sousa, José M. Padilha O245 Satisfaction with therapeutic education and its relationship with clinical variables in children with type 1 diabetes Vera Ferraz, Graça Aparício, João Duarte O246 Nutrition-related knowledge in middle-age and older patients with type 2 diabetes Carlos Vasconcelos, António Almeida, Joel Neves, Telma Correia, Helena Amorim, Romeu Mendes O247 Validating the HLS-EU-(PT) questionnaire to measure health literacy in adolescents (CrAdLiSa project: HLS-EU-PT) Luís Saboga-Nunes, Madalena Cunha, Carlos Albuquerque O248 Health education in people with coronary heart disease: Experience of the cardiology department of a hospital on the outskirts of Lisbon Elsa S. Pereira, Leonino S. Santos, Ana S. Reis, Helena R. Silva, João Rombo, Jorge C. Fernandes, Patrícia Fernandes O249 Information and training needs of informal caregivers of individuals with stroke sequelae: a qualitative survey Jaime Ribeiro, Catarina Mangas, Ana Freire O250 Prevention of psychoactive substances consumption in students from 6th grade of Albergaria-a-Velha´s School Group Sara Silva, Irene Francisco, Ana Oliveira O251 Promoting healthy sexuality: shared responsibility for family, youth and educators Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe, Mª Clarisse Louro O252 Sexual risk behaviour in adolescents and young people Saudade Lopes, Anjos Dixe O253 Knowledge of school staff on type 1 diabetes Mª Anjos Dixe, Eva Menino, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ana P. Oliveira, Sara Gordo, Teresa Kraus O254 Sexual health in adolescents: the impact of information search in literacy Catarina Tomás, Paulo Queirós, Teresa Rodrigues P123 Improving basic life support skills in adolescents through a training programme Pedro Sousa, João G. Frade, Catarina Lobão P124 Difficulties in sexual education reported by basic education teachers in the city of Foz do Iguaçu - Brazil Cynthia B. Moura, Laysa C. Dreyer, Vanize Meneghetti, Priscila P. Cabral P125 Breast cancer survivors: subjects and resources for information. A qualitative systematic review Francisca Pinto, Paulino Sousa, Mª Raquel Esteves P126 Relationship between health literacy and prevalence of STI in Biomedical Laboratory Science students Sofia Galvão, Ite Tytgat, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes P127 Health literacy, risk behaviours and sexually transmitted diseases among blood donors Mónica Casas-Novas, Helena Bernardo, Isabel Andrade, Gracinda Sousa, Ana P. Sousa, Clara Rocha, Pedro Belo, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes P128 Promoting literacy in pregnancy health-care Fátima Martins, Montserrat Pulido-Fuentes P129 The lifestyles of the operating assistants of education Isabel Barroso, Gil Cabral, M. João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho P130 Experiences of service-learning health and the literary art: reflections about the health education Alessandro Prado, Yara M. Carvalho P131 Life long swimming – a European Erasmus + project Maria Campos, Liliana Moreira, José Ferreira, Ana Teixeira, Luís Rama
