total number of articles searched: 720.
include criteria: [['women with gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm)'], ['intergeneration non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) development after delivery'], ['studies including outcomes related to nafld development in offspring of women with gdm'], ['systematic reviews and meta-analyses'], ['articles with study designs including cohort studies and randomized controlled trials']].
exclude criteria: [['exclude: studies not involving pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['exclude: studies focusing on interventions not related to gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['exclude: studies without a control group for comparison'], ['exclude: studies not assessing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease as an outcome'], ['exclude: non-systematic reviews or meta-analyses']].
implications of abnormal liver function in pregnancy and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
iron perturbations in human non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld): clinical relevance and molecular mechanisms.
iron and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
a novel cause for abnormal liver function tests in pregnancy and the puerperium: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
maternal western diet primes non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adult mouse offspring.
prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16years after pregnancy??????????9-16????????????.
a slow-digesting carbohydrate diet during rat pregnancy protects offspring from non-alcoholic fatty liver disease risk through the modulation of the carbohydrate-response element and sterol regulatory element binding proteins.
diet-induced obesity in the rat: a model for gestational diabetes mellitus.
factors early in life associated with hepatic steatosis.
high fat diet induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance: role of dysregulated ceramide metabolism.
association of circulating inflammatory cells and platelets with gestational diabetes and pregnancy outcomes.
one year's treatment with the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist liraglutide decreases hepatic fat content in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and prior gestational diabetes mellitus in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
regulation of the novel adipokines/hepatokines fetuin a and fetuin b in gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.
interactive effects of maternal and weaning high linoleic acid intake on hepatic lipid metabolism, oxylipins profile and hepatic steatosis in offspring.
zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation improves insulin resistance by preventing hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress in diet-induced gestational diabetes rats.
<i>n</i>1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice.
adiponectin gene polymorphisms associated with diabetes mellitus: a descriptive review.
angiopoietin-like protein 4 induces growth hormone variant secretion and aggravates insulin resistance during pregnancy, linking obesity to gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal obstructive sleep apnea aggravates metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease via hmgb1-tlr4 signaling-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress in male offspring rats.
body and liver fat mass rather than muscle mitochondrial function determine glucose metabolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
metal exposure during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: mixture effect and mediation by phospholipid fatty acids.
lean maternal hyperglycemia alters offspring lipid metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in mice.
developmental programming by maternal insulin resistance: hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, and dysregulated lipid metabolism in male offspring of insulin-resistant mice.
do inositol supplements enhance phosphatidylinositol supply and thus support endoplasmic reticulum function?.
maternal high-fat intake during pregnancy programs metabolic-syndrome-related phenotypes through liver mitochondrial dna copy number and transcriptional activity of liver <i>ppargc1a</i>.
exercise performed during pregnancy positively modulates liver metabolism and promotes mitochondrial biogenesis of female offspring in a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes.
hepatic epigenetic reprogramming after liver resection in offspring alleviates the effects of maternal obesity.
recurrent pregnancy-induced diabetes insipidus in a woman with hemochromatosis.
gestational diabetes is uniquely associated with altered early seeding of the infant gut microbiota.
fibroblast growth factor-21 is a potential diagnostic factor for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
early maternal circulating alkaline phosphatase with subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose regulation: a prospective cohort study in china.
acute and perinatal programming effects of a fat-rich diet on rat muscle mitochondrial function and hepatic lipid accumulation.
genetic variation in tcf<i>7</i>l<i>2</i> rs7903146 and history of gdm negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits.
diabetes clusters: diabetes subgroups and complications.
enhanced offspring predisposition to steatohepatitis with maternal high-fat diet is associated with epigenetic and microbiome alterations.
maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and high-fat diet influenced hepatic polyunsaturated fatty acids profile in the offspring of c57bl/6j mice.
implication of <i>sh2b1</i> gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in saudi pregnant women.
serum betaine and dimethylglycine in mid-pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.
hepatic glucose metabolism in late pregnancy normal versus high-fat and -fructose diet.
associations of maternal diet and nutritional status with offspring hepatic steatosis in the avon longitudinal study of parents and children.
routine blood tests in early pregnancy: their development and value in the early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus.
novel biomolecules in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus.
tdag51 attenuates impaired lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus through srebp-1/ angptl8 pathway.
predisposed obesity and long-term metabolic diseases from maternal exposure to fine particulate matter (pm<sub>2.5</sub>) - a review of its effect and potential mechanisms.
normalizing adiponectin levels in obese pregnant mice prevents adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring.
managing cardiometabolic risk factors across a woman's lifespan: a lipidologist's perspective.
effects of probiotic supplementation during pregnancy on the future maternal risk of metabolic syndrome.
food insecurity is a risk factor for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in latinx children.
altered plasma lipidome profile of dairy cows with fatty liver disease.
metabolic consequences of gestational cannabinoid exposure.
high dietary cholesterol intake during lactation promotes development of fatty liver in offspring of mice.
new born macrosomia in gestational diabetes mellitus.
sex hormone-binding globulin in children and adolescents.
reduction in maternal serum values of glucose and gamma-glutamyltransferase after supplementation with alpha-lipoic acid in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
type 2 diabetes, bariatric surgery and the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus: fetal liver length measurements between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation.
alt/ast as an independent risk factor of gestational diabetes mellitus compared with tg/hdl-c.
dietary supplementation of inulin alleviates metabolism disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mice via rent/akt/irs/glut4 pathway.
the effects of prenatal metformin on obesogenic diet-induced alterations in maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism.
ast-to-alt ratio in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
\metabolic syndrome: sex-related cardiovascular risk and therapeutic approach.
adverse maternal environment and postweaning western diet alter hepatic cd36 expression and methylation concurrently with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mouse offspring.
maternal overnutrition before and during pregnancy induces dna damage in male offspring: a rabbit model.
hypothalamic endoplasmic reticulum stress and insulin resistance in offspring of mice dams fed high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation.
circulating chemerin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
liver chrebp deficiency inhibits fructose-induced insulin resistance in pregnant mice and female offspring.
the association between plasma angiopoietin-like protein 4, glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy, placental function, and risk of delivering large-for-gestational-age neonates.
risk factors screening for gestational diabetes mellitus heterogeneity in chinese pregnant women: a case-control study.
emerging protein biomarkers for the diagnosis or prediction of gestational diabetes-a scoping review.
development of a fatty liver model by restricted feeding of lactating sheep.
serum cd44 levels in early pregnancy and its genetic variants for increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in chinese pregnant women.
placental accumulation of triacylglycerols in gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with altered fetal growth are related to the differential expressions of proteins of lipid metabolism.
the impact of the association between nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes.
<i>n</i>-acetyl-l-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress.
overweight, obesity and related non-communicable diseases in asian indian girls and women.
dietary nutrients during gestation cause obesity and related metabolic changes by altering dna methylation in the offspring.
impairments of insulin and glucagon sensitivity in chinese women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
metformin from research to clinical practice.
effects of dietary fat subtypes on glucose homeostasis during pregnancy in rats.
gestational high fat diet programs hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene expression and histone modification in neonatal offspring rats.
gestational diabetes alters the metabolomic profile in 2nd trimester amniotic fluid in a sex-specific manner.
maternal dha supplementation during pregnancy and lactation in the rat protects the offspring against high-calorie diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
exposure to bisphenol-a during pregnancy partially mimics the effects of a high-fat diet altering glucose homeostasis and gene expression in adult male mice.
pregnancy toxemia in ewes: a review of molecular metabolic mechanisms and management strategies.
role of serotonin (5-ht) in gdm prediction considering islet and liver interplay in prediabetic mice during gestation.
metformin and its clinical use: new insights for an old drug in clinical practice.
exosomal microrna expression profiling analysis of the effects of lycium barbarum polysaccharide on gestational diabetes mellitus mice.
circadian disruption across lifespan impairs glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in adult mice.
pregnancy and liver disease.
maternal overweight and obesity modify the association of serum fibroblast growth factor 21 levels with gestational diabetes mellitus: a nested case-control study.
acute fatty liver of pregnancy.
safety and efficacy of a fish-oil-based fat emulsion in the treatment of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease.
association of <i>cpt1a</i> gene polymorphism with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
maternal high-fat diet triggers lipotoxicity in the fetal livers of nonhuman primates.
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in us women.
can sonographic imaging of the fetal pancreas predict perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus?.
maternal fat supplementation during late pregnancy and lactation influences the development of hepatic steatosis in offspring depending on the fat source.
csog mfm committee guideline: clinical management guidelines for acute fatty liver of pregnancy in china (2021).
modulation of lipid metabolism by <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in gestational diabetic rats and their macrosomic offspring.
prevention of adverse metabolic sequelae after intrauterine growth restriction.
early life factors and their relevance for markers of cardiometabolic risk in early adulthood.
undernutrition during pregnancy in mice leads to dysfunctional cardiac muscle respiration in adult offspring.
serum afamin a novel marker of increased hepatic lipid content.
early pqq supplementation has persistent long-term protective effects on developmental programming of hepatic lipotoxicity and inflammation in obese mice.
pregnancy-associated diabetes insipidus in japan-a review based on quoting from the literatures reported during the period from 1982 to 2019.
the effects of exposure to and timing of a choline-deficient diet during pregnancy and early postnatal life on the skeletal muscle transcriptome of the offspring.
maternal obesity alters endoplasmic reticulum homeostasis in offspring pancreas.
a high fat diet during pregnancy and lactation induces cardiac and renal abnormalities in glut4+/- male mice.
association of maternal dietary components during pregnancy and/or lactation with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
metformin, the aspirin of the 21st century: its role in gestational diabetes mellitus, prevention of preeclampsia and cancer, and the promotion of longevity.
circulating levels of c1q/tnf-related protein 3 (ctrp3) and ctrp9 in gestational diabetes and their association with insulin resistance and inflammatory cytokines.
sucrose-rich feeding during rat pregnancy-lactation and/or after weaning alters glucose and lipid metabolism in adult offspring.
programming effects of prenatal glucocorticoid exposure with a postnatal high-fat diet in diabetes mellitus.
the effect of maternal inflammation on foetal programming of metabolic disease.
changes over time in hepatic markers predict changes in insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, and glycemia.
dali: vitamin d and lifestyle intervention for gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) prevention: an european multicentre, randomised trial - study protocol.
adiposity, related biomarkers, and type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes: the diabetes prevention program.
the early origins of obesity and insulin resistance: timing, programming and mechanisms.
maternal antagonism of glp1 reverses the adverse outcomes of sleeve gastrectomy on mouse.
a fetal fatty-acid oxidation disorder as a cause of liver disease in pregnant women.
obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus pathways for programming inmouse, monkey, and man-where do we go next? the 2014 norbert freinkel award lecture.
longitudinal characterization of serum metabolome and lipidome reveals that the ceramide profile is associated with metabolic health in early postpartum cows experiencing different lipolysis.
hepatic hexokinase domain containing 1 (hkdc1) improves whole body glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in pregnant mice.
feeding a slowly digestible carbohydrate diet during pregnancy of insulin-resistant rats prevents the excess of adipogenesis in their offspring.
insulin resistance: risk factors, diagnostic approaches and mathematical models for clinical practice, epidemiological studies, and beyond.
intrauterine growth retardation and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children.
a pilot randomized-controlled tria on the effect of cpap treatment on glycemic control in gestational diabetes: study design and methods.
maternal dietary fatty acid intake during pregnancy and the risk of preclinical and clinical type 1 diabetes in the offspring.
associations of maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy with abdominal and liver fat deposition in childhood.
the absence of lactation after pregnancy induces long-term lipid accumulation in maternal liver of mice.
elevated bile acid is associated with worsened impaired glucose homeostasis in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma patients with extrahepatic cholestasis through increased hepatic insulin clearance.
metabolic signatures of birthweight in 18 288 adolescents and adults.
maternal betaine supplementation affects fetal growth and lipid metabolism of high-fat fed mice in a temporal-specific manner.
oligofructose supplementation (10%) during pregnancy and lactation does not change the inflammatory effect of concurrent trans fatty acid ingestion on 21-day-old offspring.
regulation of nutritional metabolism in transition dairy goats: energy balance, liver activity, and insulin resistance in response to berberine supplementation.
intergenerational transmission of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
advances in research on adropin: potential implications for clinical diagnosis and possible treatment - a mini-review.
programming of hepatic lipid metabolism in a rat model of postnatal nicotine exposure - sex-related differences.
critical periods of increased fetal vulnerability to a maternal high fat diet.
the adverse effect of 4-tert-octylphenol on fat metabolism in pregnant rats via regulation of lipogenic proteins.
lactation alters the relationship between liver lipid synthesis and hepatic fat stores in the postpartum period.
developmental origins of disease and determinants of chromatin structure: maternal diet modifies the primate fetal epigenome.
melatonin associated with a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation prevents liver changes in the offspring.
serum long chain n-3 fatty acids (epa and dha) in the pregnant mother are independent of risk of type 1 diabetes in the offspring.
developmental programming of obesity and diabetes in mouse, monkey, and man in 2018: where are we headed?.
maternal nicotine exposure leads to higher liver oxidative stress and steatosis in adult rat offspring.
intravenous triacylglycerol infusion promotes ceramide accumulation and hepatic steatosis in dairy cows.
the impact of dietary factors during pregnancy on the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes: a systematic literature review.
dietary lipid during late-pregnancy and early-lactation to manipulate metabolic and inflammatory gene network expression in dairy cattle liver with a focus on ppars.
the influence of the n-3 fatty acids on the immune system, early infant feeding and pregnancy.
gamma-glutamyltransferase: a predictive biomarker of cellular antioxidant inadequacy and disease risk.
the risk of metabolic derangements is higher in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity born small for gestational age.
maternal use of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation prevents morphological alterations in pancreas of female offspring from rat dams with experimental diabetes.
association of maternal gut microbial metabolites with gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from an original case-control study, meta-analysis, and mendelian randomization.
metabolic impact of bile acids in gestation.
trimethylamine <i>n</i>-oxide metabolites in early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a nested case-control study.
higher maternal gestational glucose concentration is associated with lower offspring insulin sensitivity and altered β-cell function.
familial syndrome of progressive cone dystrophy, degenerative liver-disease and endocrine dysfunction .2. clinical and metabolic studies.
impact of gut-brain axis on hepatobiliary diseases in fetal programming.
gender differences and cardiometabolic risk: the importance of the risk factors.
could post-weaning dietary chia seed mitigate the development of dyslipidemia, liver steatosis and altered glucose homeostasis in offspring exposed to a sucrose-rich diet from utero to adulthood?.
relationship between blood metabolic hormones, metabolites and energy balance in simmental dairy cows during peripartum period and lactation.
pancreatic and extra-pancreatic effects of incretins and perspectives for studying enteroinsulin hormonal system during gestational disorder of carbohydrate metabolism.
the effect of maternal t1dm on the fatty acid composition of erythrocyte phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidyethanolamine in infants during early life.
glucose and lipid homeostasis in adult rat is impaired by early-life exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate.
maternal high-fat diet consumption modulates hepatic lipid metabolism and microrna-122 (<i>mir-122</i>) and microrna-370 (<i>mir-370</i>) expression in offspring.
organ-specific alterations in fatty acid de novo synthesis and desaturation in a rat model of programmed obesity.
sex differences in early programming by maternal high fat diet induced-obesity and fish oil supplementation in mice.
substitution of starch for palm oil during gestation: impact on offspring survival and hepatic gene expression in the pig.
fish oil supplementation during adolescence attenuates metabolic programming of perinatal maternal high-fat diet in adult offspring.
foetal programming by methyl donor deficiency produces steato-hepatitis in rats exposed to high fat diet.
metabolic and microbial changes associated with diet and obesity during pregnancy: what can we learn from animal studies?.
insulin-dependent glucose metabolism in dairy cows with variable fat mobilization around calving.
nutrition in pregnancy.
polycystic ovary syndrome: a contemporary clinical approach.
cardiovascular disease: screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman.
iranian national clinical practice guideline for exercise in patients with diabetes.
maternal high-fructose intake activates myogenic program in fetal brown fat and predisposes offspring to diet-induced metabolic dysfunctions in adulthood.
effects of late gestational high-fat diet on body weight, metabolic regulation and adipokine expression in offspring.
high vitamin intake by wistar rats during pregnancy alters tissue fatty acid concentration in the offspring fed an obesogenic diet.
high oleic/stearic fatty-acid desaturation index in cord plasma from infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.
selective regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism by the amp-activated protein kinase pathway in late-pregnant rats.
autism spectrum disorders in offspring exposed to maternal gestational diabetes: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
impact of maternal obesity on the metabolism and bioavailability of polyunsaturated fatty acids during pregnancy and breastfeeding.
use of dietary supplements in pregnant women in relation to sociodemographic factors - a report from the environmental determinants of diabetes in the young (teddy) study.
effects of a maternal diet supplemented with chocolate and fructose beverage during gestation and lactation on rat dams and their offspring.
placental glycogen-metabolism in diabetic pregnancy.
placental transfer of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (lc-pufa).
effect of the japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation or post-weaning on the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring.
fetal and neonatal exposure to nicotine leads to augmented hepatic and circulating triglycerides in adult male offspring due to increased expression of fatty acid synthase.
does fish oil supplementation in pregnancy reduce the risk of allergic disease in infants?.
epigenetics of insulin resistance: an emerging field in translational medicine.
association between exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and blood glucose in pregnant women.
diet modification before or during pregnancy on maternal and foetal outcomes in rodent models of maternal obesity.
obesogenic diet in mice leads to inflammation and oxidative stress in the mother in association with sex-specific changes in fetal development, inflammatory markers and placental transcriptome.
maternal high fat diet is associated with decreased plasma n-3 fatty acids and fetal hepatic apoptosis in nonhuman primates.
maternal high-fructose corn syrup consumption causes insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia in offspring via dna methylation of the <i>pparα</i><sup> </sup>promoter region.
effect of maternal dietary starch-to-fat ratio and daily energy intake during late pregnancy on the performance and lipid metabolism of primiparous sows and newborn piglets.
pr-aki: acute kidney injury in pregnancy - etiology, diagnostic workup, management.
prolonged fasting elicits increased hepatic triglyceride accumulation in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers.
sucrose consumption alters steroid and dopamine signalling in the female rat brain.
prenatal nicotine exposure induces low birthweight and hyperinsulinemia in male rats.
follow-up of gk rats during prediabetes highlights increased insulin action and fat deposition despite low insulin secretion.
liver volume and hepatic adiposity in childhood: relations to body growth and visceral fat.
suppression of uric acid and lactate production by sodium acetate ameliorates hepatic triglyceride accumulation in fructose-insulin resistant pregnant rats.
a maternal low protein diet has pronounced effects on mitochondrial gene expression in offspring liver and skeletal muscle.
maternal exercise during pregnancy modulates genotoxicity caused by high fructose consumption in mice offspring.
palmitic acid feeding increases ceramide supply in association with increased milk yield, circulating nonesterified fatty acids, and adipose tissue responsiveness to a glucose challenge.
programming of maternal and offspring disease: impact of growth restriction, fetal sex and transmission across generations.
dexamethasone programs lower fatty acid absorption and reduced ppar-γ and fat/cd36 expression in the jejunum of the adult rat offspring.
maternal high-fat diet associated with altered gene expression, dna methylation, and obesity risk in mouse offspring.
fructose might be a clue to the origin of preeclampsia <i>insights from nature and evolution</i>.
maternal high fructose and low protein consumption during pregnancy and lactation share some but not all effects on early-life growth and metabolic programming of rat offspring.
metabolic and molecular effects of dietary extra virgin olive oil in blood and placenta of women with gdm.
insulin resistance of gluconeogenic pathways in neonatal rats after prenatal ethanol exposure.
effect of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid supplementation on c-peptide preservation in pregnant women with type-1 diabetes: randomized placebo controlled clinical trial.
case report:pregnancy and birth in a mild phenotype of alstrom syndrome.
therapeutic advances in overcoming intrauterine growth restriction induced metabolic syndrome.
lipotoxicity in obese pregnancy and its potential role in adverse pregnancy outcome and obesity in the offspring.
the effect of androgen excess on maternal metabolism, placental function and fetal growth in obese dams.
key relevance of epigenetic programming of adiponectin gene in pathogenesis of metabolic disorders.
the effects of stillbirth and abortion on the next pregnancy: a longitudinal study.
maternal iron status in early pregnancy and childhood body fat measures and cardiometabolic risk factors: a population-based prospective cohort.
obesity, diabetes, and gut microbiota the hygiene hypothesis expanded?.
expert exchange workgroup on children aged 5 and younger with severe obesity: a narrative review of medical and genetic risk factors.
maternal brown rice diet alleviates adverse effects of maternal obesity on offspring metabolism via enhancing dna demethylation of adipor2.
placental dna methylation changes associated with maternal prepregnancy bmi and gestational weight gain.
maternal high-fat diet is associated with altered pancreatic remodelling in mice offspring.
the high-fructose intake of dams during pregnancy and lactation exerts sex-specific effects on adult rat offspring metabolism.
increased hepatic gluconeogenesis and decreased glucose uptake, and increased hepatic <i>de novo</i> lipogenesis in rat model of maternal diabetes.
the effect of maternal dietary fat content and <i>n</i>-6:<i>n</i>-3 ratio on offspring growth and hepatic gene expression in the rat.
intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure results in intergenerational inheritance via dna methylation reprogramming on f1 pgcs.
impact of high-fat diet and obesity on energy balance and fuel utilization during the metabolic challenge of lactation.
maternal dietary ratio of linoleic acid to alpha-linolenic acid during pregnancy has sex-specific effects on placental and fetal weights in the rat.
a long-term maternal diet transition from high-fat diet to normal fat diet during pre-pregnancy avoids adipose tissue inflammation in next generation.
effects of genetics and <i>in utero</i> diet on murine pancreatic development.
maternal magnesium deficiency in mice leads to maternal metabolic dysfunction and altered lipid metabolism with fetal growth restriction.
oral leptin supplementation throughout lactation in rats prevents later metabolic alterations caused by gestational calorie restriction.
dietary alleviation of maternal obesity and diabetes: increased resistance to diet-induced obesity transcriptional and epigenetic signatures.
prenatal ozone exposure programs a sexually dimorphic susceptibility to high-fat diet in adolescent long evans rats.
hepatalin: the missing link in prediabetes, obesity, and type 2 diabetes.
dietary carbohydrates: pathogenesis and potential therapeutic targets to obesity-associated metabolic syndrome.
igf-1 receptor haploinsufficiency leads to age-dependent development of metabolic syndrome.
perinatal, metabolic, and reproductive features in <i>pparg</i>-related lipodystrophy.
maternal obesity induced by a 'cafeteria' diet in the rat does not increase inflammation in maternal, placental or fetal tissues in late gestation.
the effect of preterm birth on adiposity and metabolic pathways and the implications for later life.
evaluating variations in metabolic profiles during the dry period related to the time of hyperketonemia onset in dairy cows.
a comparative study of the metabolic profile, insulin sensitivity and inflammatory response between organically and conventionally managed dairy cattle during the periparturient period.
exerkine apelin reverses obesity-associated placental dysfunction by accelerating mitochondrial biogenesis in mice.
programming of childhood overweight due to perinatal overnutrition.
gender-divergent expression of lipid and bile acid metabolism-related genes in adult mice offspring of dams fed a high-fat diet.
different levels of overnutrition and weight gain during pregnancy have differential effects on fetal growth and organ development.
dna methylation, insulin resistance, and blood pressure in offspring determined by maternal periconceptional b vitamin and methionine status.
beneficial effects of maternal swimming during pregnancy on offspring metabolism when the father is obese.
autophagy proteins are modulated in the liver and hypothalamus of the offspring of mice with diet-induced obesity.
the dynamic changes in the pattern of liver function tests in pregnant obese women.
impact of the factors shaping gut microbiota on obesity.
influencing factors, underlying mechanism and interactions affecting hypercholesterolemia in adult offspring with caffeine exposure during pregnancy.
sex-specific effects of maternal dietary carbohydrate quality on fetal development and offspring metabolic phenotype in mice.
metabolic studies in gestational diabetic women during contraceptive treatment - effects on glucose-tolerance and fatty-acid composition of serum-lipids.
clinical practice guidelines of the team of experts of the polish gynecological society: management of the intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.
lactation versus formula feeding: insulin, glucose, and fatty acid metabolism during the postpartum period.
insulin sensitivity linked skeletal muscle nr4a1 dna methylation is programmed by the maternal diet and modulated by voluntary exercise in mice.
bhba regulates the expressions of lipid synthesis and oxidation genes in sheep hepatocytes through the ampk pathway.
maternal acute fatty liver of pregnancy associated with fetal trifunctional protein deficiency: molecular characterization of a novel maternal mutant allele.
adiponectin deficiency alters placenta function but does not affect fetal growth in mice.
prenatal egcg consumption causes obesity and perturbs glucose homeostasis in adult mice.
cardiometabolic health in adults born with very low birth weight-a sibling study.
lower birth weight associated with current overweight status is related with the metabolic syndrome in obese japanese children.
nutrigenetic and epigenetic mechanisms of maternal nutrition-induced glucolipid metabolism changes in the offspring.
abdominal adipose tissue and liver fat imaging in very low birth weight adults born preterm: birth cohort with sibling-controls.
carnitine in pregnancy.
maternal high-calorie diet is associated with altered hepatic microrna expression and impaired metabolic health in offspring at weaning age.
a prospective case-control study on mirna circulating levels in subjects born small for gestational age (sga) evaluated from childhood into young adulthood.
high iron exposure from the fetal stage to adulthood in mice alters lipid metabolism.
fetal growth restriction, catch-up growth and the early origins of insulin resistance and visceral obesity.
p38γ and p38δ regulate postnatal cardiac metabolism through glycogen synthase 1.
maternal high-fat diet induces obesity and adrenal and thyroid dysfunction in male rat offspring at weaning.
maternal high-fat diet programs for metabolic disturbances in offspring despite leptin sensitivity.
impact of <i>leuconostoc</i> sd23 intake in obese pregnant rats: benefits for maternal metabolism.
metabolic programming of adipose tissue structure and function in male rat offspring by prenatal undernutrition.
maternal choline modifies fetal liver copper, gene expression, dna methylation, and neonatal growth in the tx-j mouse model of wilson disease.
medical aspects of ketone-body metabolism.
differential effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on sterol synthesis rates in adult and fetal tissues of the hamster: consequence of altered sterol balance.
the association between perinatal factors and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity: a retrospective two-cohort study.
maternal supplementation with a cocoa extract during lactation deeply modulates dams' metabolism, increases adiponectin circulating levels and improves the inflammatory profile in obese rat offspring.
antidiabetic potential of flavonoids from traditional chinese medicine: a review.
temporal gene expression profiling of liver from periparturient dairy cows reveals complex adaptive mechanisms in hepatic function.
hematological and biochemical findings in pregnant, postfoaling, and lactating jennies.
genome-wide placental dna methylations in fetal overgrowth and associations with leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors.
global dna methylation was changed by a maternal high-lipid, high-energy diet during gestation and lactation in male adult mice liver.
impaired hepatic mitochondrial function during early lactation in dairy cows: association with protein lysine acetylation.
perturbations in polar lipids, starvation survival and reproduction following exposure to unsaturated fatty acids or environmental toxicants in <i>daphnia magna</i>.
high-dose biotin, an inducer of glucokinase expression, may synergize with chromium picolinate to enable a definitive nutritional therapy for type ii diabetes.
acute pancreatitis associated with severe hypertriglyceridaemia.
elective and emergency caesarean section: analysis of maternal complications at allama lqbal memorial teaching hospital sialkot.
a novel <i>adipoq</i> mutation (p.m40k) impairs assembly of high-molecular-weight adiponectin and is associated with early-onset obesity and metabolic syndrome.
impact of placental mtor deficiency on peripheral insulin signaling in adult mice offspring.
gestational dietary betaine supplementation suppresses hepatic expression of lipogenic genes in neonatal piglets through epigenetic and glucocorticoid receptor-dependent mechanisms.
cardiometabolic profiles in women with adenomyosis.
maternal high-calorie diet feeding programs hepatic cholesterol metabolism and<i> abca1</i> promoter methylation in the early life of offspring.
<i>in utero</i> exposure to bisphenol-a disrupts key elements of retinoid system in male mice offspring.
maternal diet supplemented with methyl-donors protects against atherosclerosis in f1 apoe<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
diagnosis, treatment and prevention of pediatric obesity: consensus position statement of the italian society for pediatric endocrinology and diabetology and the italian society of pediatrics.
a novel mapping strategy utilizing mouse chromosome substitution strains identifies multiple epistatic interactions that regulate complex traits.
oral health's inextricable connection to systemic health: special populations bring to bear multimodal relationships and factors connecting periodontal disease to systemic diseases and conditions.
there are 9 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 7 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.7180555555555556.
false negative rate: 0.2222222222222222.

Included target articles are as follow:
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes and incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the kangbuk samsung health study.
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women.
gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.
hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference.
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes.
