total number of articles searched: 1092.
include criteria: [['pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus', 'postpartum women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['regular physical activity', 'healthy dietary interventions'], ['comparison group of women without gestational diabetes mellitus', 'women with different metabolic profiles'], ['incidence of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld)', 'prevalence of nafld in offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['meta-analysis', 'systematic review', 'cohort studies']].
exclude criteria: [['studies on non-human population'], ['intervention not related to gestational diabetes'], ['lack of control group'], ['outcomes not related to nafld development'], ['not a systematic review or meta-analysis study design']].
viral hepatitis and pregnancy.
hyperglycemia during pregnancy and long-term offspring outcomes.
role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - a narrative review.
polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos): long-term metabolic consequences.
liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among chinese pregnant women.
nafld at the interface of the mother-infant dyad.
tmed family genes and their roles in human diseases.
developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld).
maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health.
resistin role in development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
non-coding rnas: the link between maternal malnutrition and offspring metabolism.
adipose tissue-derived fabp4 mediates glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production in gestational diabetes.
the current and potential therapeutic use of metformin-the good old drug.
triglyceride metabolism in pregnancy.
adipokines: a rainbow of proteins with metabolic and endocrine functions.
the association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia.
early-life exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus predisposes offspring to pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
developmental origins of nafld: a womb with a clue.
nutritional, pharmacological, and environmental programming of nafld in early life.
the origins of nafld: the potential implication of intrauterine life and early postnatal period.
obstetric outcomes in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
maternal and perinatal risk factors for pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review.
outcomes of pregnancy in autoimmune hepatitis: a population-based study.
the association of childbirth with medical debt in the usa, 2019-2020.
metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
the effect of hepatitis b virus on the risk of pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic disease and impacts renal health in offspring.
maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation.
maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations and liver fat among school-age children.
early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children.
lipid metabolism during pregnancy and its implications for fetal growth.
the effect of bariatric surgeries on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
associations between circulating selenop level and disorders of glucose and lipid metabolism: a meta-analysis.
perinatal exposure to maternal obesity: lasting cardiometabolic impact on offspring.
n-acetyl-l-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress.
health benefits of long-term weight-loss maintenance.
the role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: early prediction and postpartum prognosis.
bisphenol a: what lies beneath its induced diabetes and the epigenetic modulation?.
maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of nafld in offspring.
maternal obesity and metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease in pregnancy: a comprehensive narrative review.
metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications: new challenges and clinical perspectives.
diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.
fibroblast growth factor 19 in gestational diabetes mellitus and fetal growth.
maternal weight management to prevent the developmental programming of mafld in offspring of obese mothers.
adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice.
n1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice.
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the impact of intrahepatic cholestasis on pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.
genome-wide placental gene methylations in gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal growth and metabolic health biomarkers in cord blood.
maternal weight intervention in the perinatal period improves liver health in the offspring of mothers with obesity.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with normal prepregnant weight.
gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) after delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
interplay between early-life malnutrition, epigenetic modulation of the immune function and liver diseases.
association between porphyromonas gingivalis and systemic diseases: focus on t cells-mediated adaptive immunity.
rbm15 suppresses hepatic insulin sensitivity of offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus mice via m6a-mediated regulation of cldn4.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes.
association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome.
gestational diabetes sensitizes mice to future metabolic syndrome that can be relieved by activating car.
the long-term metabolic and neurocognitive risks in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
role of placental fibrinogen-like protein 1 in gestational diabetes.
metabolic profiling of gestational diabetes in obese women during pregnancy.
implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead.
prevalence of at-risk nash and its association with metabolic syndrome in us adults with nafld, 2017-2018.
paediatric obesity evaluation for metabolic susceptibility (poems).
the impact of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor on antenatal chemical exposure-induced cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic programming.
trend research of vitamin d receptor: bibliometric analysis.
fructose, pregnancy and later life impacts.
sex-specific effects of maternal metformin intervention during glucose-intolerant obese pregnancy on body composition and metabolic health in aged mouse offspring.
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics underlying the link between early-life nutrition and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
autoimmune hepatitis and obstetrical outcomes: a nationwide assessment.
neuroendocrine and endocrine dysfunction in the hyperinsulinemic pcos patient: the role of metformin.
history of gestational diabetes and incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the kangbuk samsung health study.
effect of galactooligosaccharide on ppars/pi3k/akt pathway and gut microbiota in high-fat and high-sugar diet combined with stz-induced gdm rat model.
association between hepatitis b virus replication during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.
the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in women diagnosed with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the metabolic syndrome: common origins of a multifactorial disorder.
adipose tissue-liver cross-talk: a route to hepatic dysfunction in pregnant women with obesity.
association between gestational cannabis exposure and maternal, perinatal, placental, and childhood outcomes.
maternal obesogenic diet enhances cholestatic liver disease in offspring.
fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy - an observational cohort study.
impact of transgenerational nutrition on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease development: interplay between gut microbiota, epigenetics and immunity.
maternal exposure to phenanthrene during gestation disturbs glucose homeostasis in adult mouse offspring.
the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors under epigenetic control in placental metabolism and fetal development.
[acute fatty liver of pregnancy].
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes.
effect of intrauterine growth retardation on liver and long-term metabolic risk.
adiponectin deficiency impairs maternal metabolic adaptation to pregnancy in mice.
maternal one-carbon supplement reduced the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in male offspring.
maternal hepatitis b infection status and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis.
tdag51 attenuates impaired lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus through srebp-1/angptl8 pathway.
multifactorial diabetes insipidus during pregnancy: a challenging diagnosis.
risk factors related to postpartum hepatic inflammation in pregnant women with chronic hepatitis b.
developmental timing of high-fat diet exposure impacts glucose homeostasis in mice in a sex-specific manner.
transcriptomic responses are sex-dependent in the skeletal muscle and liver in offspring of obese mice.
pregnancy outcomes among chronic carriers of hepatitis b virus.
urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein change in gestational diabetes mellitus.
a new approach to drug therapy in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (nash).
gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.
maternal diet quality during pregnancy and offspring hepatic fat in early childhood: the healthy start study.
fetal overnutrition and adolescent hepatic fat fraction: the exploring perinatal outcomes in children study.
association between maternal hepatitis b virus carrier and gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort analysis.
hbsag positivity during pregnancy and adverse maternal outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis.
adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
uptake and safety of hepatitis a vaccination during pregnancy: a vaccine safety datalink study.
[clinical analysis of 86 cases of acute fatty liver of pregnancy].
associations between prenatal exposure to phthalates and features of the metabolic syndrome in males from childhood into adulthood.
maternal nicotine exposure aggravates metabolic associated fatty liver disease via pi3k/akt signaling in adult offspring mice.
endotoxin biomarkers are associated with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk across 6 years of follow-up in youth.
obesity alters the mouse endometrial transcriptome in a cell context-dependent manner.
dysregulated hepatic bile acids collaboratively promote liver carcinogenesis.
the association of early unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight.
breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero.
placenta-derived osteoprotegerin is required for glucose homeostasis in gestational diabetes mellitus.
fatty liver among adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (the epicom study).
a prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth.
hepatic steatosis is prevalent in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus.
maternal exercise improves glucose tolerance in female offspring.
exposure to maternal fuels during pregnancy and offspring hepatic fat in early childhood: the healthy start study.
igf-1 and igf-2 as molecules linked to causes and consequences of obesity from fetal life to adulthood: a systematic review.
taurine attenuates liver autophagy and injury of offspring in gestational diabetic mellitus rats.
elevated hepatic steatosis index is associated with the development of adverse maternal, but not adverse neonatal, outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.
the gut microbiota in infants of obese mothers increases inflammation and susceptibility to nafld.
birthweight influences liver structure, function and disease risk: evidence of a causal association.
predisposed obesity and long-term metabolic diseases from maternal exposure to fine particulate matter (pm(2.5)) - a review of its effect and potential mechanisms.
maternal hbsag carriers and pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis of 85,190 pregnancies.
fructose consumption during pregnancy influences milk lipid composition and offspring lipid profiles in guinea pigs.
maternal hepatitis b virus carrier status and pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort study.
exposure to gestational diabetes enriches immune-related pathways in the transcriptome and methylome of human amniocytes.
transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.
metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study.
deficiency in catechol-o-methyltransferase is linked to a disruption of glucose homeostasis in mice.
the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.
association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring.
hepatic glucose metabolism in late pregnancy: normal versus high-fat and -fructose diet.
can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?.
ceramide on the road to insulin resistance and immunometabolic disorders in transition dairy cows: driver or passenger?.
intrauterine hyperglycemia induces liver inflammation in mouse male offspring.
synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes.
the associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and mendelian randomization analysis.
maternal hyperleptinemia improves offspring insulin sensitivity in mice.
the postnatal window is critical for the development of sex-specific metabolic and gut microbiota outcomes in offspring.
low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review.
age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in xiamen, china.
altered local ras in the liver increased the risk of nafld in male mouse offspring produced by in vitro fertilization.
increased risk of preterm birth in women with autoimmune hepatitis - a nationwide cohort study.
altered expression of long noncoding rna meg3 in the offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus induces impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood.
reducing the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in chronic hepatitis b virus carriers via more strict control of gestational weight gain.
normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents programming of impaired glucose metabolism in adult offspring.
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
elevated alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy and subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia.
serum cathepsind in pregnancy: relation with metabolic and inflammatory markers and effects of fish oils and probiotics.
prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16 years after pregnancy.
maternal malnutrition affects hepatic metabolism through decreased hepatic taurine levels and changes in hnf4a methylation.
developmental programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the effect of early life nutrition on susceptibility and disease severity in later life.
rodents on a high-fat diet born to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit sex-specific lipidomic changes in reproductive organs.
prevalence and risk factors for chronic kidney disease in indonesia: an analysis of the national basic health survey 2018.
relationship between different hepatitis b virus infection status and gestational diabetes mellitus prevalence among pregnant women with chronic hbv infection: a retrospective study.
neck circumference might predict gestational diabetes mellitus in han chinese women: a nested case-control study.
prevalence, metabolic profile, and associated risk factors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in an adult population of india.
hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model.
lactational high fat diet in mice causes insulin resistance and nafld in male offspring which is partially rescued by maternal metformin treatment.
impact of hepatitis b virus infection on maternal and infant outcomes of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a three-year retrospective study.
anti-inflammatory activities of puerarin in high-fat diet-fed rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes mellitus.
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld): a significant predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and early pregnancy miscarriages-prospective study in rajarata pregnancy cohort (rapco).
modulation of cholesterol transport by insulin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus in human full-term placenta.
maternal hepatitis b surface antigen carrier status increased the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus.
adipose tissue insulin resistance in south asian and nordic women after gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational exercise antagonises the impact of maternal high-fat high-sucrose diet on liver mitochondrial alterations and quality control signalling in male offspring.
incidence of prediabetes/diabetes among women with prior gestational diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a prospective observational study.
maternal high-fat intake predisposes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in c57bl/6 offspring.
clinical update on screening, diagnosis and management of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular risk factors associated with polycystic ovary syndrome.
maternal and neonatal outcomes in patients with hepatitis c and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: the sum of the parts.
lean maternal hyperglycemia alters offspring lipid metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in mice†.
analysis on the outcomes of hepatitis b virus perinatal vertical transmission: nested case-control study.
antenatal fibroscan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study.
low birthweight increases the likelihood of severe steatosis in pediatric non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
vitamin e supplement protects against gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase-1 signaling pathway.
fatty liver index predicts further metabolic deteriorations in women with previous gestational diabetes.
nutritional recovery with okara diet prevented hypercholesterolemia, hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance.
mc4r deficiency in pigs results in hyperphagia and ultimately hepatic steatosis without high-fat diet.
transgenerational effects of zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation on glucose homeostasis in female offspring of gestational diabetes rats.
the preventive effect of mussel oil on gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose diet.
the predictive ability of hepatic steatosis index for gestational diabetes mellitus and large for gestational age infant compared with other noninvasive indices among chinese pregnancies: a preliminary double-center cohort study.
regulation of the novel adipokines/ hepatokines fetuin a and fetuin b in gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus: fetal liver length measurements between 21and 24 weeks' gestation.
maternal diet intervention before pregnancy primes offspring lipid metabolism in liver.
berberine ameliorates insulin resistance by inhibiting ikk/nf-κb, jnk, and irs-1/akt signaling pathway in liver of gestational diabetes mellitus rats.
in utero dexamethasone exposure exacerbates hepatic steatosis in rats that consume fructose during adulthood.
severe gestational diabetes mellitus in lean dams is associated with low il-1α levels and affects the growth of the juvenile mouse offspring.
polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome: clinical and laboratory findings and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease assessed by elastography.
influence of placental and peripheral malaria exposure in fetal life on cardiometabolic traits in adult offspring.
impact of imidacloprid exposure on gestational hyperglycemia: a multi-omics analysis.
gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in mirna and target gene expression in the fetus.
maternal vitamin d administration attenuates metabolic disturbances induced by prenatal exposure to dexamethasone in a sex-dependent manner.
effects of dietary n-3 pufa levels in early life on susceptibility to high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome in adult mice.
maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring.
maternal supplementation with β-carotene during pregnancy disturbs lipid metabolism and glucose homoeostasis in f1 female mice.
gremlin-1 in pregnancy and postpartum: relation to the fatty liver index, markers of bone health, glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus status.
maternal pyrroloquinoline quinone supplementation improves offspring liver bioactive lipid profiles throughout the lifespan and protects against the development of adult nafld.
stress-induced premature senescence related to oxidative stress in the developmental programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in a rat model of intrauterine growth restriction.
comparison of novel fibrosis index (nfi) with aspartate aminotransferase to platelet ratio index (apri) in type ii diabetes mellitus patients with non alcoholic fatty liver disease and fibrosis (nafld).
evaluation of serum angiopoietin-like protein 2 (angptl-2), angiopoietin-like protein 8 (angptl-8), and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs-crp) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and normoglycemic pregnant women.
dlk1/pref1 regulates nutrient metabolism and protects from steatosis.
nutrition in early life, immune-programming and allergies: the role of epigenetics.
the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of qatar.
gestational diabetes: emerging concepts in pathophysiology.
pappa-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans.
oestrogen receptor α in t cells controls the t cell immune profile and glucose metabolism in mouse models of gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal high-fat high-sucrose diet and gestational exercise modulate hepatic fat accumulation and liver mitochondrial respiratory capacity in mothers and male offspring.
study on the relationship between dna methylation of target cpg sites in peripheral blood and gestational diabetes during early pregnancy.
hepatic insulin signaling changes: possible mechanism in prenatal hypoxia-increased susceptibility of fatty liver in adulthood.
intrahepatic fat is increased in the neonatal offspring of obese women with gestational diabetes.
placental extract ameliorates liver fibrosis in a methionine- and choline-deficient diet-induced mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
transcriptome analysis reveals disruption of circadian rhythms in late gestation dairy cows may increase risk for fatty liver and reduced mammary remodeling.
pyroptosis is involved in maternal nicotine exposure-induced metabolic associated fatty liver disease progression in offspring mice.
continued postnatal administration of resveratrol prevents diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rat offspring born growth restricted.
nuciferine administration in c57bl/6j mice with gestational diabetes mellitus induced by a high-fat diet: the improvement of glycolipid disorders and intestinal dysbacteriosis.
hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity in early pregnancy together predict impaired glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy.
the interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
features of the metabolic syndrome in late adolescence are associated with impaired testicular function at 20 years of age.
prenatal choline supplement in a maternal obesity model modulates offspring hepatic lipidomes.
transgenerational impact of maternal obesogenic diet on offspring bile acid homeostasis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
maternal prebiotic supplementation reduces fatty liver development in offspring through altered microbial and metabolomic profiles in rats.
gestational cd exposure in the cd-1 mouse induces sex-specific hepatic insulin insensitivity, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adult female offspring.
metabolic alterations associated with maternal undernutrition during the first half of gestation lead to a diabetogenic state in the rat.
combined impact of hepatitis b virus and gestational diabetes mellitus on ultrasound-measured fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes: a seven-year retrospective study.
role of vascular endothelial growth factor in the pathophysiology of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in two rodent models.
cinnamaldehyde potentially attenuates gestational hyperglycemia in rats through modulation of pparγ, proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in prepubertal children born small for gestational age: influence of rapid weight catch-up growth.
[correlation between hepatitis b virus infection and adverse pregnancy outcomes-a systematic review and meta-analysis].
gender-specific differences in adipose distribution and adipocytokines influence adolescent nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
increased susceptibility to obesity and glucose intolerance in adult female rats programmed by high-protein diet during gestation, but not during lactation.
postpartum development of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in a lean mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the nonalcoholic fatty liver disease-like phenotype and lowered serum vldl are associated with decreased expression and dna hypermethylation of hepatic apob in male offspring of apoe deficient mothers fed a with western diet.
the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose abnormalities in pregnant women with hepatitis c virus infection in british columbia.
establishing measurements of subcutaneous and visceral fat area ratio in the early second trimester by magnetic resonance imaging in obese pregnant women.
a meta-analysis of the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hepatitis b infection during pregnancy.
increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based cohort study, systematic review and meta-analysis.
attenuated effects of bile acids on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in a male mouse model of prenatal undernutrition.
switching obese mothers to a healthy diet improves fetal hypoxemia, hepatic metabolites, and lipotoxicity in non-human primates.
maternal hbsag status and infant size--a faustian bargain?.
women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-a birth cohort study.
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes.
hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes.
improved rodent maternal metabolism but reduced intrauterine growth after vertical sleeve gastrectomy.
maternal taurine supplementation attenuates maternal fructose-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysregulation and partially reverses adverse metabolic programming in offspring.
perinatal outcome in normal pregnant women with incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery.
sex-dependent changes in lipid metabolism, ppar pathways and micrornas that target ppars in the fetal liver of rats with gestational diabetes.
genetic variation in tcf7l2 rs7903146 and history of gdm negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits.
programming skeletal muscle metabolic flexibility in offspring of male rats in response to maternal consumption of slow digesting carbohydrates during pregnancy.
maternal obesity has sex-dependent effects on insulin, glucose and lipid metabolism and the liver transcriptome in young adult rat offspring.
liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.
a western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice.
transcription profiling in the liver of undernourished male rat offspring reveals altered lipid metabolism pathways and predisposition to hepatic steatosis.
low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d concentrations associate with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adolescents independent of adiposity.
excess maternal fructose consumption increases fetal loss and impairs endometrial decidualization in mice.
association of maternal diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index with offspring indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease long-term diabetic risk of offspring of gestational diabetes rats by postponing shortening of hepatic telomeres and modulating liver metabolism.
maternal high-fat diet consumption modulates hepatic lipid metabolism and microrna-122 (mir-122) and microrna-370 (mir-370) expression in offspring.
polymerase i and transcript release factor (ptrf) regulates adipocyte differentiation and determines adipose tissue expandability.
prenatal and postnatal pathways to obesity: different underlying mechanisms, different metabolic outcomes.
prenatal choline supplementation improves glucose tolerance and reduces liver fat accumulation in mouse offspring exposed to ethanol during the prenatal and postnatal periods.
dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid prevents hyperlipidemia and hepatic oxidant status in pregnant diabetic rats and their macrosomic offspring.
progenies of gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit sex disparity in metabolism after respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin in dams during pregnancy.
hbsag carrier status and the association between gestational diabetes with increased serum ferritin concentration in chinese women.
cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene polymorphisms increase the risk of fatty liver in females independent of adiposity.
decrease of aminotransferase levels in obese women is related to body weight reduction, irrespective of type of diet.
a history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and vldl metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid.
maternal obesity during pregnancy and lactation programs the development of offspring non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome.
maternal alcohol intake around the time of conception causes glucose intolerance and insulin insensitivity in rat offspring, which is exacerbated by a postnatal high-fat diet.
perinatal exposure to bisphenol a exacerbates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-like phenotype in male rat offspring fed on a high-fat diet.
maternal hypoxia increases the susceptibility of adult rat male offspring to high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
maternal high-fat feeding through pregnancy and lactation predisposes mouse offspring to molecular insulin resistance and fatty liver.
factors associated with fetal growth and body composition as measured by ultrasound.
transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery.
maternal high-fat diet modulates hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis and gene expression in the ppar pathway in the early life of offspring.
a maternal "junk food" diet in pregnancy and lactation promotes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rat offspring.
offspring of mothers fed a high fat diet display hepatic cell cycle inhibition and associated changes in gene expression and dna methylation.
ablation of the transcriptional regulator id1 enhances energy expenditure, increases insulin sensitivity, and protects against age and diet induced insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis.
prenatal dexamethasone programs expression of genes in liver and adipose tissue and increased hepatic lipid accumulation but not obesity on a high-fat diet.
long-term effects of gestational diabetes on offspring health are more pronounced in skeletal growth than body composition and glucose tolerance.
altered cellular redox status, sirtuin abundance and clock gene expression in a mouse model of developmentally primed nash.
a pilot study of vitamin e versus vitamin e and pioglitazone for the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
glucagon-like peptide 1 (glp-1) drives postprandial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in pregnant women with a history of roux-en-y gastric bypass operation.
intermediate metabolism in association with the amino acid profile during the third trimester of normal pregnancy and diet-controlled gestational diabetes.
[dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia: a new target for treatment?].
history of gestational diabetes leads to distinct metabolic alterations in nondiabetic african-american women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes.
[effects of resolving method of chinese medicine on the lipid metabolism in polycystic ovary syndrome accompanied with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease].
high-fructose diet in pregnancy leads to fetal programming of hypertension, insulin resistance, and obesity in adult offspring.
maternal fructose intake, programmed mitochondrial function and predisposition to adult disease.
severe maternal stress alters placental function, resulting in adipose tissue and liver dysfunction in offspring of mice.
the effects of hepatitis b virus infection on natural and ivf pregnancy: a meta-analysis study.
heterogeneous metabolic changes of brown and white adipose tissues are associated with metabolic adaptations in periparturient mice.
[hbv and pregnancy].
effects of arsenite exposure during fetal development on energy metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced fatty liver disease in male mice.
pregnancy and metabolic-associated fatty liver disease: a clinical update.
[prevention and factors associated with anti-hcv carriage in pregnant women living in cotonou].
a sociodemographic, anthropometric and lifestyle-based prediction score for screening children with overweight and obesity for hepatic steatosis: the hepakid index.
maternal chronic conditions and risk of cerebral palsy in offspring: a national cohort study.
maternal low-protein diet during puberty and adulthood aggravates lipid metabolism of their offspring fed a high-fat diet in mice.
[impact of maternal hepatitis b surface antigen carrier status on preterm delivery in southern china].
impact of maternal infection with hepatitis b virus on pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology treatment: a population-based study.
effects of hepatitis b virus infection and strategies for preventing mother-to-child transmission on maternal and fetal t-cell immunity.
hepatitis c and pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review protocol.
maternal high-fat diet induces insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function in adult offspring with sex differences in mice.
unravelling the mechanisms by which chronic hepatitis b infection is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes.
obesity-driven prepartal hepatic lipid accumulation in dairy cows is associated with increased cd36 and srebp-1 expression.
hepatitis b virus infection and increased risk of gestational diabetes regardless of liver function status: a xiamen area population-based study.
antiretroviral therapies in pregnancy: maternal, fetal and neonatal effects. swiss hiv cohort study, the swiss collaborative hiv and pregnancy study, and the swiss neonatal hiv study.
effect of dietary monosodium glutamate on trans fat-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
implication of sh2b1 gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in saudi pregnant women.
pregnancy outcomes in women with autoimmune hepatitis - a nationwide population-based cohort study with histopathology.
high choline intake during pregnancy reduces characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in male wistar rat offspring fed a high fat but not a normal fat post-weaning diet.
high fat diet exposure during fetal life enhances plasma and hepatic omega-6 fatty acid profiles in fetal wistar rats.
a short periconceptional exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes is sufficient to disrupt the feto-placental phenotype in a rabbit model.
maternal chocolate and sucrose soft drink intake induces hepatic steatosis in rat offspring associated with altered lipid gene expression profile.
fetal metabolic programming and epigenetic modifications: a systems biology approach.
[breastfeeding: health benefits for child and mother].
maternal obesity and diabetes induces latent metabolic defects and widespread epigenetic changes in isogenic mice.
prenatal metformin exposure in mice programs the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during a high fat diet at adulthood.
srt1720 attenuates obesity and insulin resistance but not liver damage in the offspring due to maternal and postnatal high-fat diet consumption.
metformin in gestational diabetes: the offspring follow-up (mig tofu): body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years of age.
effects of maternal hepatitis b surface antigen positive status on the pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective study in xiamen, china, 2011-2018.
serum lipoprotein composition, lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase and tissue lipase activities in pregnant diabetic rats and their offspring receiving enriched n-3 pufa diet.
the fls mouse: a new inbred strain with spontaneous fatty liver.
prenatal exposure to a low-protein diet programs disordered regulation of lipid metabolism in the aging rat.
postheparin plasma lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in hyperinsulinemic infants of diabetic mothers and in large-for-date infants at birth.
inositol-requiring enzyme 1α and c-jun n-terminal kinase axis activation contributes to intracellular lipid accumulation in calf hepatocytes.
healthy eating index-2015 in relation to risk of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease among us population: national health and nutrition examination survey 2017-2018.
maternal obesogenic diet attenuates microbiome-dependent offspring weaning reaction with worsening of steatotic liver disease.
uptake and safety of hepatitis b vaccination during pregnancy: a vaccine safety datalink study.
cardiometabolic risk, peripheral arterial disease and cardiovascular events in polycystic ovary syndrome: time to implement systematic screening and update the management.
nutrition and reproduction in women.
[detecting high risk pregnancy].
prenatal hyperandrogenism induces alterations that affect liver lipid metabolism.
gut microbiota mediates the alleviative effect of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane on obesity-induced glucose metabolism disorders in peripheral tissues in rat dams.
long-term maternal high-fat feeding from weaning through pregnancy and lactation predisposes offspring to hypertension, raised plasma lipids and fatty liver in mice.
correlation of viral load of hepatitis b with the gestation period and the development of diabetes mellitus.
perinatal exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate affects glucose metabolism in adult offspring.
phenome-wide investigation of the causal associations between pre-pregnancy obesity traits and gestational diabetes: a two-sample mendelian randomization analyses.
initiation of metformin in early pregnancy results in fetal bioaccumulation, growth restriction, and renal dysmorphology in a primate model.
fgf4, a new potential regulator in gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal obesity impacts fetal liver androgen signalling in a sex-specific manner.
the developmental basis of disease: update on environmental exposures and animal models.
maternal socs3 knockdown attenuates postnatal obesity caused by an early life environment of maternal obesity and intrauterine overnutrition in progeny mice.
nervonic acid triggered ovarian inflammation by inducing mitochondrial oxidative stress to activate nlrp3/ il-1β pathway.
maternal hepatitis b infection and pregnancy outcomes in the united states: a population-based cohort study.
sex-dependent nutritional programming: fish oil intake during early pregnancy in rats reduces age-dependent insulin resistance in male, but not female, offspring.
fructose only in pregnancy provokes hyperinsulinemia, hypoadiponectinemia, and impaired insulin signaling in adult male, but not female, progeny.
peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma 2 modulates late pregnancy homeostatic metabolic adaptations.
fetal hyperinsulinemia increases farnesylation of p21 ras in fetal tissues.
malat1 as a diagnostic and therapeutic target in diabetes-related complications: a promising long-noncoding rna.
e-cigarettes damage the liver and alter nutrient metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring.
ultrasound evaluation of the fetal fat tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord measurements in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 1 diabetes mellitus: potential application in the fetal birth-weight estimation and prediction of the fetal macrosomia.
adipose stem cells-derived small extracellular vesicles transport thrombospondin 1 cargo to promote insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus.
metabolic programming in offspring of mice fed fructose during pregnancy and lactation.
short communication: circulating fatty acylcarnitines are elevated in overweight periparturient dairy cows in association with sphingolipid biomarkers of insulin resistance.
metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
maternal high-fat intake during pregnancy programs metabolic-syndrome-related phenotypes through liver mitochondrial dna copy number and transcriptional activity of liver ppargc1a.
myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection in pregnancy.
foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of cardiometabolic conditions in adulthood: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
maternal cholestasis during pregnancy programs metabolic disease in offspring.
the effects of vitamin d3 on lipogenesis in the liver and adipose tissue of pregnant rats.
maternal resistance to diet-induced obesity partially protects newborn and post-weaning male mice offspring from metabolic disturbances.
dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model.
maternal diabetes and postnatal high-fat diet on pregnant offspring.
early-life physical activity reverses metabolic and foxo1 epigenetic misregulation induced by gestational sleep disturbance.
maternal exercise alters rat fetoplacental stress response: minimal effects of maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding.
[hbv infection and pregnancy].
maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation affects hepatic lipid metabolism in early life of offspring rat.
fertility and pregnancy in thalassemia major.
higher maternal gestational glucose concentration is associated with lower offspring insulin sensitivity and altered beta-cell function.
safety of lamivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis b in early pregnancy.
[molecular mechanisms of action and health benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids].
association between perinatal factors and hypospadias in newborns: a retrospective case-control study of 42,244 male infants.
nafld in women: unique pathways, biomarkers and therapeutic opportunities.
new onset diabetes mellitus complicated by hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis.
sex-dependent programming of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in mouse offspring by maternal protein restriction.
effects of identical weight loss on body composition and features of insulin resistance in obese women with high and low liver fat content.
maternal health and pregnancy outcomes among women of refugee background from african countries: a retrospective, observational study in australia.
cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: an overview.
hepatitis b virus infection in pregnancy: immunological response, natural course and pregnancy outcomes.
effect of gestational disorders on preterm birth, low birthweight, and nicu admission.
age-related changes in fatty acids in obese offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
the adipokine fabp4 is a key regulator of neonatal glucose homeostasis.
prevalence and risk factors of elevated liver enzymes in japanese women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
relationships between metabolic profiles and gene expression in liver and leukocytes of dairy cows in early lactation.
time course of changes in serum glucose, insulin, lipids and tissue lipase activities in macrosomic offspring of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
accretion of visceral fat and hepatic insulin resistance in pregnant rats.
western diet-induced shifts in the maternal microbiome are associated with altered microrna expression in baboon placenta and fetal liver.
maternal carbohydrate metabolism and its relationship to fetal growth and body composition.
predictors of the provision of mother's milk feedings in newborns admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit.
influence of high energy diet and polygenic predisposition for obesity on postpartum health in rat dams.
estimation of gestational age from study of amniotic fluid and clinical assessment.
shared effects of genetic and intrauterine and perinatal environment on the development of metabolic syndrome.
transgenic increase in n-3/n-6 fatty acid ratio reduces maternal obesity-associated inflammation and limits adverse developmental programming in mice.
metabolic studies in gestational diabetic women during contraceptive treatment: effects on glucose tolerance and fatty acid composition of serum lipids.
complications of hiv disease and antiretroviral therapy. highlights of the 11th conference on retroviruses and opportunistic infections, february 8-11, 2004, san francisco, california, usa.
lipotoxicity and the role of maternal nutrition.
a maternal diet of fatty fish reduces body fat of offspring compared with a maternal diet of beef and a post-weaning diet of fish improves insulin sensitivity and lipid profile in adult c57bl/6 male mice.
maternal obesity during gestation impairs fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial sirt3 expression in rat offspring at weaning.
complete resolution of generalized lichen planus after treatment with thalidomide.
short term exendin-4 treatment reduces markers of metabolic disorders in female offspring of obese rat dams.
prenatal stress promotes insulin resistance without inflammation or obesity in c57bl/6j male mice.
risk factors in patients with hereditary gallstones in chinese pedigrees.
high multivitamin intakes during pregnancy and postweaning obesogenic diets interact to affect the relationship between expression of ppar genes and glucose regulation in the offspring.
rodent models in placental research. implications for fetal origins of adult disease.
long-term effects of maternal magnesium restriction on adiposity and insulin resistance in rat pups.
increased susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of angiotensin type 1 receptor autoantibody-positive rats.
the effects of dietary fatty acids in the physiological outcomes of maternal high-fat diet on offspring energy homeostasis in mice.
progesterone increases hepatic lipid content and plasma lipid levels through pr- b-mediated lipogenesis.
chemerin concentrations in maternal and fetal compartments: implications for metabolic adaptations to normal human pregnancy.
in utero exposures to perfluoroalkyl substances and the human fetal liver metabolome in scotland: a cross-sectional study.
multi‑transgenic minipig models exhibiting potential for hepatic insulin resistance and pancreatic apoptosis.
effect of prepartal ad libitum feeding of grass silage on transcriptional adaptations of the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue in dairy cows during the periparturient period.
adipocyte dysfunction in a mouse model of polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos): evidence of adipocyte hypertrophy and tissue-specific inflammation.
comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis on physical health conditions in lesbian- and bisexual-identified women compared with heterosexual-identified women.
maternal high-fat diet impairs placental fatty acid β-oxidation and metabolic homeostasis in the offspring.
effects on metabolic parameters in young rats born with low birth weight after exposure to a mixture of pesticides.
gcn2 in the brain programs pparγ2 and triglyceride storage in the liver during perinatal development in response to maternal dietary fat.
insulin resistance syndrome in children.
effect of high-fat diet for rats at different stages on glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring and related mechanisms.
sucrose feeding during pregnancy and lactation elicits distinct metabolic response in offspring of an inbred genetic model of metabolic syndrome.
developmental exposure to indoor flame retardants and hypothalamic molecular signatures: sex-dependent reprogramming of lipid homeostasis.
temporal changes in sphingolipids and systemic insulin sensitivity during the transition from gestation to lactation.
adverse organogenesis and predisposed long-term metabolic syndrome from prenatal exposure to fine particulate matter.
impact of maternal fructose intake on liver stem/progenitor cells in offspring: insights into developmental origins of health and disease.
effects of maternal lps exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female offspring.
pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome x and its links to the perinatal period.
fructose intake during pregnancy up-regulates the expression of maternal and fetal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c in rats.
a maternal high-fat, high-sucrose diet alters insulin sensitivity and expression of insulin signalling and lipid metabolism genes and proteins in male rat offspring: effect of folic acid supplementation.
zingiber officinale rosc. in the treatment of metabolic syndrome disorders-a review of in vivo studies.
maternal manganese restriction increases susceptibility to high-fat diet-induced dyslipidemia and altered adipose function in wnin male rat offspring.
effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbil-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in holstein cattle iv: insulin resistance, dry matter intake, and blood parameters.
the role of maternal dietary proteins in development of metabolic syndrome in offspring.
protein malnutrition during pregnancy in c57bl/6j mice results in offspring with altered circadian physiology before obesity.
signaling pathways that regulate adaptive β-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes.
[effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate on liver lipid metabolism in rats with intrauterine growth restriction and related mechanism].
maternal western diet exposure increases periportal fibrosis beginning in utero in nonhuman primate offspring.
excessive folic acid supplementation in pregnant mice impairs insulin secretion and induces the expression of genes associated with fatty liver in their offspring.
effect of maternal chronic intermittent hypoxia during gestation on offspring growth in the rat.
high-fat diet and streptozotocin in the induction of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a new proposal.
evidence for an insulin resistance in the adult offspring of pregnant streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
cord blood fatty acid binding protein 4 and lipids in infants born small- or large-for-gestational-age.
the beneficial effects of prenatal biotin supplementation in a rat model of intrauterine caloric restriction to prevent cardiometabolic risk in adult female offspring.
the timing of nutrient restriction during rat pregnancy/lactation alters metabolic syndrome phenotype.
paternal obesity induces placental hypoxia and sex-specific impairments in placental vascularization and offspring metabolism†.
detection of hepatitis b surface antigen in pregnant women attending a public hospital for delivery: implication for vaccination strategy in bangladesh.
partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance and adult progeria werner syndrome.
an observational cohort study to investigate the impact of dolutegravir in pregnancy and its obesogenic effects on the metabolic health of women living with hiv and their children: study protocol.
pregnancy-associated inflammatory myofibroblastic tumors of the uterus are clinically distinct and highly enriched for timp3-alk and thbs1-alk fusions.
influence of japanese diet consumption during pregnancy and lactation on lipid metabolism in offspring.
respective contributions of maternal insulin resistance and diet to metabolic and hypothalamic phenotypes of progeny.
site-specific changes in the expression of fat-partitioning genes in weanling rats exposed to a low-protein diet in utero.
alström syndrome.
opposing actions of developmental trichloroethylene and high-fat diet coexposure on markers of lipogenesis and inflammation in autoimmune-prone mice.
maternal low-protein diet alters hepatic lipid accumulation and gene expression related to glucose metabolism in young adult mouse offspring fed a postweaning high-fat diet.
acute kidney injury in pregnancy: the changing landscape for the 21st century.
maternal vitamin b(12) deficiency in rats alters dna methylation in metabolically important genes in their offspring.
pregnancy outcome in liver transplant recipients.
the metabolic conditioning of obesity: a review of the pathogenesis of obesity and the epigenetic pathways that "program" obesity from conception.
maternal exposure to high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation predisposes normal weight offspring mice to develop hepatic inflammation and insulin resistance.
pioglitazone therapy in mouse offspring exposed to maternal obesity.
neonatal exendin-4 treatment reduces oxidative stress and prevents hepatic insulin resistance in intrauterine growth-retarded rats.
programming effects of maternal and gestational obesity on offspring metabolism and metabolic inflammation.
oxidative stress programming in a rat model of postnatal early overnutrition--role of insulin resistance.
insulin resistance is a two-sided mechanism acting under opposite catabolic and anabolic conditions.
comprehensive clinical management of polycystic ovary syndrome.
replacing smoking with vaping during pregnancy: impacts on metabolic health in mice.
maternal overweight programs insulin and adiponectin signaling in the offspring.
prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide combined with pre- and postnatal high-fat diet result in lowered blood pressure and insulin resistance in offspring rats.
systems toxicogenomics of prenatal low-dose bpa exposure on liver metabolic pathways, gut microbiota, and metabolic health in mice.
folate treatment of pregnant rat dams abolishes metabolic effects in female offspring induced by a paternal pre-conception unhealthy diet.
effects on fetal metabolic programming and endocannabinoid system of a normocaloric diet during pregnancy and lactation of female mice with pregestational obesity.
a maternal high-fat diet induces dna methylation changes that contribute to glucose intolerance in offspring.
[mechanisms of insulin resistance in pregnancy].
high dietary selenium intake alters lipid metabolism and protein synthesis in liver and muscle of pigs.
pregnancy-related acute kidney injury: do we know what to do?.
maternal low protein diet in rats programmes fatty acid desaturase activities in the offspring.
adult vaccination, part 2: vaccines for persons at high risk. teaching immunization for medical education (time) project.
neonatal citrulline supplementation and later exposure to a high fructose diet in rats born with a low birth weight: a preliminary report.
abdominal obesity, adipokines and non-communicable diseases.
calcium supplementation reverts central adiposity, leptin, and insulin resistance in adult offspring programed by neonatal nicotine exposure.
maternal sucrose-rich diet and fetal programming: changes in hepatic lipogenic and oxidative enzymes and glucose homeostasis in adult offspring.
metabolic adaptation and reticuloruminal ph in periparturient dairy cows experiencing different lipolysis early postpartum.
ppar signaling pathway is a key modulator of liver proteome in pups born to vitamin b(12) deficient rats.
effects of triphenyl phosphate exposure during fetal development on obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult mice: impaired lipid metabolism and intestinal dysbiosis.
prenatal nicotine exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring rats fed high-fat diet via alteration of hpa axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming.
maternal high fat diets: impacts on offspring obesity and epigenetic hypothalamic programming.
beneficial and cautionary outcomes of resveratrol supplementation in pregnant nonhuman primates.
perinatal nutrient restriction induces long-lasting alterations in the circadian expression pattern of genes regulating food intake and energy metabolism.
lifetime exposure to a constant environment amplifies the impact of a fructose-rich diet on glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
englitazone administration to late pregnant rats produces delayed body growth and insulin resistance in their fetuses and neonates.
sex dimorphism in late gestational sleep fragmentation and metabolic dysfunction in offspring mice.
maternal hepatitis b virus or hepatitis c virus carrier status and long-term endocrine morbidity of the offspring-a population-based cohort study.
the preconception health status of nongravid women aged 18 to 45 years in arima, trinidad: a cross-sectional study.
case report:pregnancy and birth in a mild phenotype of alström syndrome.
placental function in maternal-fetal fat transport in diabetes.
long-term changes in the diurnal temporal regulation and set points of metabolic parameters associated with chronic maternal overnutrition in rabbits.
fetal and neonatal exposure to azt and low-protein diet affects glucose homeostasis: a model with implications for aids prevention.
body fat-reducing effects of whey protein diet in male mice.
gestational low dietary protein induces intrauterine inflammation and alters the programming of adiposity and insulin sensitivity in the adult offspring.
influence of exogenous growth hormone and gestational diet on sow blood and milk characteristics and on baby pig blood, body composition and performance.
antioxidant effects of n-acetylcysteine prevent programmed metabolic disease in mice.
thermoneutral housing enables studies of vertical transmission of obesogenic diet-driven metabolic diseases.
sex differences in metabolic regulation and diabetes susceptibility.
glucose transporter protein responses to selective hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia in fetal sheep.
the therapeutic potential of mirnas regulated in settings of physiological cardiac hypertrophy.
inulin supplementation lowered the metabolic defects of prolonged exposure to chlorpyrifos from gestation to young adult stage in offspring rats.
placental growth factor (plgf) is linked to inflammation and metabolic disorders in mice with diet-induced obesity.
fetal alcohol spectrum disorder predisposes to metabolic abnormalities in adulthood.
maternal dietary free or bound fructose diversely influence developmental programming of lipogenesis.
clinical characteristics of japanese patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.
maternal high-fat feeding affects the liver and thymus metabolic axis in the offspring and some effects are attenuated by maternal diet normalization in a minipig model.
holoprosencephaly with dandy-walker cyst. rare coexistence of two major malformations.
parental diet, pregnancy outcomes and offspring health: metabolic determinants in developing oocytes and embryos.
impact of perinatal exposure to sucrose or high fructose corn syrup (hfcs-55) on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition in rat offspring.
fetal programming by androgen excess impairs liver lipid content and pparg expression in adult rats.
programmed increases in lxrα induced by paternal alcohol use enhance offspring metabolic adaptation to high-fat diet induced obesity.
maternal high-fat diet effects on third-generation female body size via the paternal lineage.
dietary fructose during the suckling period increases body weight and fatty acid uptake into skeletal muscle in adult rats.
raised thyroid-stimulating hormone in girls with polycystic ovary syndrome: effects of randomized interventions.
a comprehensive update on the chylomicronemia syndrome.
does early-life exposure to organophosphate insecticides lead to prediabetes and obesity?.
conditional knock-out reveals a requirement for o-linked n-acetylglucosaminase (o-glcnacase) in metabolic homeostasis.
placental superoxide dismutase 3 mediates benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health.
longitudinal characterization of determinants associated with obesogenic growth patterns in early childhood.
alpha linolenic acid in maternal diet halts the lipid disarray due to saturated fatty acids in the liver of mice offspring at weaning.
surgical management of obesity: a review of the evidence relating to the health benefits and risks.
transgenerational metabolomic fingerprints in mice ancestrally exposed to the obesogen tbt.
maternal high-fat diet promotes onset of diabetes in rat offspring.
[strategies for nutrition of the preterm infant with low and very low birth weight].
differential effects of prenatal stress and glucocorticoid administration on postnatal growth and glucose metabolism in rats.
developmental origins of metabolic diseases.
[clinical usefulness of urinary anti hiv antibody test--a large scale study from 11 institutes in japan].
increased plasma leptin attenuates adaptive metabolism in early lactating dairy cows.
maternal nutritional history modulates the hepatic igf-igfbp axis in adult male rat offspring.
low-dose developmental bisphenol a exposure alters fatty acid metabolism in fischer 344 rat offspring.
hormonal control of cholesterogenesis and related enzymes in isolated rat hepatocytes during pre- and postnatal development.
placental glycogen accumulation and maternal-fetal metabolic responses in hyperglycaemic non-diabetic rats.
the lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio in cases associated with fetomaternal disease.
anti-hyperglycemic activity of myricetin, through inhibition of dpp-4 and enhanced glp-1 levels, is attenuated by co-ingestion with lectin-rich protein.
maternal and post-weaning high-fat diets produce distinct dna methylation patterns in hepatic metabolic pathways within specific genomic contexts.
prenatal stress induces sex- and tissue-specific alterations in insulin pathway of wistar rats offspring.
complications of obesity.
fibroblast growth factor-21 (fgf21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. ii. pharmacokinetics, whole-animal performance, and lipid metabolism.
use of cod liver oil during pregnancy associated with lower risk of type i diabetes in the offspring.
use of cod liver oil during the first year of life is associated with lower risk of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: a large, population-based, case-control study.
monogenic forms of diabetes.
exercise alters the molecular pathways of insulin signaling and lipid handling in maternal tissues of obese pregnant mice.
maternal cinnamon intake during lactation led to visceral obesity and hepatic metabolic dysfunction in the adult male offspring.
preeclampsia and the risk of pancreatitis: a nationwide, population-based cohort study.
influence of leptin administration to pregnant female mice on obesity development, taste preferences, and gene expression in the liver and muscles of their male and female offspring.
the effect of home exercise on ovulation induction using clomiphene citrate in overweight underserved women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.
postnatal diet remodels hepatic dna methylation in metabolic pathways established by a maternal high-fat diet.
low protein diet during lactation programs hepatic metabolism in adult male and female rats.
biogenic amines: concentrations in serum and skeletal muscle from late pregnancy until early lactation in dairy cows with high versus normal body condition score.
ameliorative impact of cold-pressed rosmarinus officinalis oil against liver toxicity and genotoxic effects in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and their offspring.
racial and ethnic disparities in the association of maternal infection during pregnancy and risk of cyanotic congenital heart defects in the united states, 2011-2020.
decreased expression of glut4 in male cg-iugr rats may play a vital role in their increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood.
the role of periodontitis in cancer development, with a focus on oral cancers.
severity of covid-19 in pregnant women: a review on the potential role of regulatory t cells.
placental insufficiency contributes to fatty acid metabolism alterations in aged female mouse offspring.
a review on sars-cov-2-induced neuroinflammation, neurodevelopmental complications, and recent updates on the vaccine development.
influence of high fat diet and resveratrol supplementation on placental fatty acid uptake in the japanese macaque.
an analytic approach for describing and prioritizing health inequalities at the local level in canada: a descriptive study.
vascular adhesion protein-1 (vap-1) in vascular inflammatory diseases.
peptide-based radioimmunoassay for the two isoforms of the human insulin receptor.
placental transfer of non-esterified fatty acids in normal and diabetic pregnancy.
preconception health care.
evaluation of the efficacy and safety of melatonin in moderately ill patients with covid-19: a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
compartmentalized acyl-coa metabolism in skeletal muscle regulates systemic glucose homeostasis.
iron overload phenotypes and hfe genotypes in white hemochromatosis and iron overload screening study participants without hfe p.c282y/p.c282y.
obese mother offspring have hepatic lipidic modulation that contributes to sex-dependent metabolic adaptation later in life.
differential effects of prenatal stress on metabolic programming in diet-induced obese and dietary-resistant rats.
an estimate of blood donor eligibility in the general population.
consumption of sucrose, but not high fructose corn syrup, leads to increased adiposity and dyslipidaemia in the pregnant and lactating rat.
loss of delta-6-desaturase activity as a key factor in aging.
trends, characteristics, and maternal morbidity associated with unhoused status in pregnancy.
resveratrol supplementation in obese pregnant rats improves maternal metabolism and prevents increased placental oxidative stress.
[the fetal adrenal gland in risk pregnancy].
circulatory and metabolic effects of beta-adrenergic blockade in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus.
grandmaternal exercise improves metabolic health of second-generation offspring.
dynamic metabolic disruption in rats perinatally exposed to low doses of bisphenol-a.
pregnancy outcomes in women with thalassemia in north america and the united kingdom.
neutralizing antibody response after intramuscular purified vero cell rabies vaccination (pvrv) in iranian patients with specific medical conditions.
intermediary metabolism in pregnancy. first theme of the freinkel era.
changes in metabolism, mitochondrial function, and oxidative stress between female rats under nonreproductive and 3 reproductive conditions.
developmental programming of the fetal immune system by maternal western-style diet: mechanisms and implications for disease pathways in the offspring.
postnatal weaning to different diets leads to different reproductive phenotypes in female offspring following perinatal exposure to high levels of dietary advanced glycation end products.
perinatal exposure to high dietary advanced glycation end products affects the reproductive system in female offspring in mice.
maternal exposure to western diet affects adult body composition and voluntary wheel running in a genotype-specific manner in mice.
proceedings of the 3rd ipleiria's international health congress : leiria, portugal. 6-7 may 2016.
.
there are 11 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes.
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference.
in the end, 6 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 5.
false positive rate: 0.5457875457875457.
false negative rate: 0.45454545454545453.

Included target articles are as follow:
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes and incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the kangbuk samsung health study.
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women.
gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.
hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference.
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes.
