total number of articles searched: 5612.
include criteria: [['adults diagnosed with major depressive episodes'], ['non-surgical brain stimulation as the primary intervention'], ['studies with appropriate control groups for comparison'], ['outcome measures specifically related to efficacy and acceptability of treatments for major depressive episodes'], ['meta-analysis or network meta-analysis study design']].
exclude criteria: [['studies involving pediatric populations', 'studies focusing on non-depressive psychiatric disorders', 'studies with mixed populations including both depressive and non-depressive patients'], ['studies focusing on surgical brain stimulation', 'studies using non-invasive brain stimulation techniques', 'studies using placebo or sham interventions'], ['studies without a control group', 'studies with multiple active treatment arms but no control group', 'studies not comparing non-surgical brain stimulation interventions'], ['studies not reporting on efficacy outcomes', 'studies not reporting on acceptability outcomes', 'studies without relevant outcome measures'], ['case reports or case series', 'animal studies', 'review articles', 'commentaries or editorials', 'conference abstracts']].
intermittent theta burst stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has no additional effect on the efficacy of virtual reality exposure therapy for acrophobia. a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study.
electroconvulsive therapy combined with esketamine improved depression through pi3k/akt/glt-1 pathway.
efficacy and safety of esketamine versus propofol in electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, controlled, non-inferiority trial.
interventional approaches to treatment resistant depression (dtr) in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
optimizing antidepressant benefits: effect of theta burst stimulation treatment in physically active people with treatment-resistant depression.
adjunctive duration-doubled transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: study protocol for a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
a randomized sham-controlled trial of high-dosage accelerated intermittent theta burst rtms in major depression: study protocol.
active versus sham dlpfc-nac rtms for depressed adolescents with anhedonia using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri): a study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
anodal hd-tdcs on the dominant anterior temporal lobe and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: clinical results in patients with mild cognitive impairment.
targeting the prefrontal-supplementary motor network in obsessive-compulsive disorder with intensified electrical stimulation in two dosages: a randomized, controlled trial.
short-term and long-term efficacy of accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (fmri-rtms) in depressive patients with emotional blunting: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
a feasibility, randomised controlled trial of club connect: a group-based healthy brain ageing cognitive training program for older adults with major depression within an older people’s mental health service.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation combined with antidepressant medications for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
inappropriate study inclusion in meta-analysis of sham-controlled rtms for treatment-resistant depression.
theta-burst rtms in schizophrenia to ameliorate negative and cognitive symptoms: study protocol for a double-blind, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (hd-tdcs) in major depressive disorder with anxious distress—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial.
the safety and efficacy of escitalopram and sertraline in post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for insomnia disorder on fear memory extinction: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
cognitive enhancing effect of rtms combined with tdcs in patients with major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study.
non-invasive brain stimulation for treatment-resistant schizophrenia: protocol of a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
altered blood parameters in “major depression” patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) therapy: a randomized case-control study.
evaluating the effects of tdcs on depressive and anxiety symptoms from a transdiagnostic perspective: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
clinical and neurophysiological effects of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and eeg-guided neurofeedback in parkinson’s disease: a randomized, four-arm controlled trial.
repeated prefrontal tdcs for improving mental health and cognitive deficits in multiple sclerosis: a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study.
cortical intermittent theta burst stimulation on gait pathomechanics and urinary tract dysfunction in incomplete spinal cord injury patients: protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
efficiency and safety of continuous theta burst stimulation for primary insomnia: a randomized clinical trial.
non-invasive, non-convulsive brain stimulation beyond tms and ect in late-life mental disorders: a systematic review.
the safety and feasibility of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with conservative treatment for patients with cervicogenic headaches: a double-blinded randomized control study protocol.
structural-functional connectomics in major depressive disorder following aitbs treatment.
effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation on sleep quality in fibromyalgia: a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
physical exercise for treating the anxiety and depression symptoms of parkinson’s disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
assessing the effectiveness of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder: results from a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
classical, spaced, or accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation of motor cortex for treating neuropathic pain: a 3-arm parallel non-inferiority study.
can non-motor outcomes be improved in chronic stroke? a systematic review on the potential role of non-invasive brain stimulation.
toward a neurocircuit-based sequential transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of pediatric bipolar ii disorder.
predicting the outcome of psychotherapy for chronic depression by person-specific symptom networks.
integration of tai chi and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for sleep disturbances in older adults: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
evaluating cognitive assessment tools for patients with major depressive disorder receiving electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
addition of liposomal bupivacaine to standard bupivacaine versus standard bupivacaine alone in the supraclavicular brachial plexus block: a randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of complex regional pain syndrome: a feasibility study.
ect-rtms hybrid (erth) combo for treatment-resistant depression: a case study.
2.26 the clinical effects of 1 hz and 10 hz transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation in adolescents with mdd.
14.4 emerging neuroimaging platforms and pipelines for precision neuromodulation.
14.1 accelerated theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory depression in asd.
2.27 transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of adolescent depression and anxiety: a meta-analysis.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in reducing craving, depression, and improving working memory in patients with cannabis use disorders: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled.
continuous theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: a multicenter, double-blind randomized controlled study exploring treatment efficacy and predictive potential of kynurenine metabolites.
effectiveness of acupuncture plus music therapy for post-stroke depression systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the hamilton depression rating scale-17 criterion in patients with major depressive disorder without psychotic features: a systematic review and meta-analysis of intervention studies.
investigating combined acupuncture and transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with poststroke shoulder pain from china: protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation and treatment-refractory bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
a dose-finding, biomarker validation, and effectiveness study of transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents with depression.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in children and young people with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
home-based, remotely supervised, 6-week tdcs in patients with both mci and depression: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
a randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation plus donepezil vs donepezil alone for mild to moderate cognitive impairment due to small vessel cerebrovascular disease.
oral esketamine in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with open-label extension.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may increase potentiated startle in healthy individuals.
metaanalysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) efficacy for ocd treatment: the impact of stimulation parameters, symptom subtype and rtms-induced electrical field.
efficacy of rtms combined with cognitive and language training in people living with alzheimer’s disease: a systematic review.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) during a virtual reality task in women with fibromyalgia—a randomized clinical study.
ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive episode: an updated systematic review and non-inferiority meta-analysis.
the efficacy and safety of mdma-assisted psychotherapy for treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis from randomized controlled trials.
ketamine treatment for anhedonia in unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review.
efficacy and safety of eight enhanced therapies for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of rcts.
transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation in reducing depressive symptoms during the peripartum period.
antidepressant class and concurrent rtms outcomes in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of non-pharmacological therapies for treating post-stroke depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
long-term effect of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression—data from a small randomized controlled trial.
a randomised clinical trial to compare effectiveness of ketofol and ketofol-dexmedetomidine group in patients undergoing modified electroconvulsive therapy.
rtms as a next step in antidepressant nonresponders: a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
accelerated rtms tb in dlpc clinical trial placebo-controlled in huntington's disease. an eeg study with executive control and social cognition outcomes.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a systematic meta-analysis.
antidepressant efficacy of administering repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) concurrently with psychological tasks or interventions: a scoping review and meta-analysis.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on post-stroke comorbid cognitive impairment and depression: a randomized controlled trial.
corrigendum to “optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis” [j. affect. disord. 358c 2024, 432–439] (journal of affective disorders (2024) 358 (432–439), (s0165032724007547), (10.1016/j.jad.2024.05.037)).
epidermal growth factor in the brain: a promising biomarker for depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder in adults.
comparative effectiveness research trial for antidepressant incomplete and non-responders with treatment resistant depression (ascertain-trd) a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of rtms in treating functional impairment in post-stroke patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
comparing the effect of kootker's cognitive behavioral therapy combined with transcranial direct current stimulation or pharmacotherapy with citalopram on the improvement of depressive symptoms and working memory in stroke patients: a randomized clinical trial with a threemonth follow-up.
unveiling the interoception impairment in various major depressive disorder stages.
optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
response trajectory to left dorsolateral prefrontal rtms in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis: trajectory of rtms.
non-invasive neurostimulation to improve sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
neuromodulation treatments for post-traumatic stress disorder: a systematic review and network meta-analysis covering efficacy, acceptability, and follow-up effects.
brain compensatory mechanisms in depression and memory complaints in fibromyalgia: the role of theta oscillatory activity.
clinical response to fmri-guided compared to non-image guided rtms in depression and ptsd: a randomized trial.
cognitive enhancement in bipolar disorder: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial utilizing a novel dti-guided multimodal neuro-stimulation protocol.
combined effects of pharmacological interventions and intermittent theta-burst stimulation on motor sequence learning.
acupuncture combined with repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation for mild to moderate post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial.
the glutamatergic effects of clinical repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressed populations: a preliminary meta-analysis of proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies.
efficacy and acceptability of noninvasive brain stimulation for treating posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
effectiveness of non-pharmacological therapy on physical symptoms in patients with persistent concussion symptoms: a systematic review.
efficacy and side effects of mixed-strategy electroconvulsive therapy: a proof-of-concept randomized clinical trial on late life depression.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right inferior parietal lobe on the body image perception in anorexia nervosa: a pilot randomized controlled study.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ameliorates memory impairment by inhibiting neuroinflammation in the chronic cerebral hypoperfusion mice.
comparisons of accelerated continuous and intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment-resistant depression and suicidal ideation.
effective alleviation of depressive and anxious symptoms and sleep disorders in benzodiazepine-dependent patients through repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on clinical outcomes, calcitonin gene-related peptide, and pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide-38 levels in menstrual migraine.
targeting the left dlpfc and right vlpfc in unmarried romantic relationship breakup (love trauma syndrome) with intensified electrical stimulation: a randomized, single-blind, parallel-group, sham-controlled study.
ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: a network meta-analysis of efficacy and safety.
effect of γ-tacs on prefrontal hemodynamics in bipolar disorder: a functional near-infrared study.
the dose-effect relationship of six stimulation parameters with rtms over left dlpfc on treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
treatment expectations and clinical outcomes following repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with alcohol dependence: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
a treadmill training program in a gamified virtual reality environment combined with transcranial direct current stimulation in parkinson's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
evaluating the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation on improving cognitive function in bipolar patients.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for persistent post-concussion symptoms and the impact on quality of life.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: enhanced network synchronization with active relative to sham and deep learning-based predictors of remission.
effect of psychological nursing interventions on effectiveness and quality of life in schizophrenia patients receiving modified electroconvulsive therapy.
concurrent self-administered transcranial direct current stimulation and attention bias modification training in binge eating disorder: feasibility randomised sham-controlled trial.
cortical excitation/inhibition ratios in patients with major depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy: an eeg analysis.
efficacy and safety of theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
the efficacy of zuranolone versus placebo in postpartum depression and major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of electroconvulsive therapy in patients with clozapine-resistant schizophrenia.
consecutive dual-session transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic subjective severe to catastrophic tinnitus with normal hearing.
short-term therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulations of sleep disorders in parkinson’s disease: a randomized clinical trial (pilot study).
neuropathic pain in burn patients – a common problem with little literature: a systematic review.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on fear of cancer recurrence and its underlying neuromechanism.
perceived barriers to using neurostimulation: a national survey of psychiatrists, patients, caregivers, and the general public.
electroconvulsive therapy for the acute management of severe agitation in dementia (ect-ad): a modified study protocol.
propofol enhancement of slow wave sleep to target the nexus of geriatric depression and cognitive dysfunction: protocol for a phase i open label trial.
non-pharmacological interventions for improving language and communication in people with primary progressive aphasia.
transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation across mental disorders: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation transcranial magnetic stimulation is not more effective than sham for improving depression and anxiety symptoms in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a randomized, sham-controlled, pilot trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and non-convulsive electric shock in the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis.
17. predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression.
158. personal history of alcohol use predicts antidepressant efficacy of ketamine.
201. antidepressant class and concurrent rtms outcomes in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
211. transcranial alternating current stimulation (tacs) augmentation: synergy with psychotherapy for the treatment of depression.
280. acute temporal interference stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: first results of a double-blind controlled study.
153. electroconvulsive therapy changes the emotional impact of learning signals in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
268. subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for depression: long-term safety and effectiveness outcomes from a pooled analysis of 172 patients.
233. predictors of treatment response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a retrospective clinical cohort study.
symptom specific tms targets for depression and anxiety: a randomized, controlled trial.
subject-specific resting-state functional connectivity to personalize rtms interventions in major depressive disorder.
157. individual prediction of optimal treatment allocation between electroconvulsive therapy or ketamine using the personalized advantage index.
105. enhancing affective cognitive control in bipolar disorder using transcranial alternating current stimulation (tacs): preliminary evidence from a randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.
systematic review and meta-analysis: combining transcranial magnetic stimulation or direct current stimulation with pharmacotherapy for treatment of substance use disorders.
neuromodulation for treatment of tinnitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
assessing the synergistic effectiveness of intermittent theta burst stimulation and the vestibular ocular reflex rehabilitation protocol in the treatment of mal de debarquement syndrome: a randomised controlled trial.
effectiveness of combined treatment of transcranial direct current stimulation and treatment as usual on depression, anxiety and anger in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive and psychiatric dysfunction in patients with fibromyalgia: a double-blinded, randomized clinical trial.
a case series study of weekly or fortnightly transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in major depressive disorder.
no consistent antidepressant effects of deep brain stimulation of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis.
clinical efficacy of adjunctive esketamine anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorders: a pragmatic, randomized, controlled trial.
tdcs for parkinson‘s disease disease-related pain: a randomized trial.
a comprehensive overview of post-stroke depression treatment options.
safety and efficacy of repetitive stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using transcranial focused ultrasound in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a non-inferiority randomized controlled trial protocol.
efficacy and safety of low-dose amisulpride versus olanzapine-fluoxetine combination in post-schizophrenic depression: a randomized controlled trial.
a randomized controlled trial of intermittent theta burst stimulation to the medial prefrontal cortex for tobacco use disorder: clinical efficacy and safety.
targeting the adenosinergic system in restless legs syndrome: a pilot, “proof-of-concept” placebo-controlled tms-based protocol.
a review of transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation combined with medication and psychotherapy for depression.
depression: managing resistance and partial response to treatment.
military sexual trauma as a risk factor for treatment non-response from an online, self-management posttraumatic stress disorder treatment for women veterans.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with music therapy in non-fluent aphasia after stroke: a randomised controlled study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression changes sleep architecture: preliminary results.
subjective sleep improvements following daily theta-burst stimulation for treatmentresistant depression.
a fully remote randomized trial of transcranial alternating current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder.
moving towards precision tms? evaluating individual differences and reproducibility of personalized stimulation targets in uk biobank.
treatment-resistant depression patients with baseline suicidal ideation required more treatments to achieve therapeutic response with ketamine/esketamine.
cortico-spinal intermittent theta burst stimulation propelling sensorimotor function recovery in complete spinal cord injury: randomized control trial protocol.
home-use transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of a major depressive episode: a randomized clinical trial.
accelerated sequential bilateral theta-burst stimulation in major depression: an open trial.
dual-tdcs combined with sensorimotor training promotes upper limb function in subacute stroke patients: a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled study.
deep brain stimulation for refractory major depressive disorder: a comprehensive review.
bilateral corticomotor reorganization and symptom development in response to acute unilateral hamstring pain: a randomized, controlled study.
recent advances in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression: a narrative review of literature published from 2018 to 2023.
low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is safe and well tolerated by people living with ms – outcomes of the phase i randomised controlled trial (taurus).
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation on adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double blinded, controlled trial.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating anhedonia in patients with depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial.
the impact of ketorolac utilization on outcomes for lumbar spine surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treatment resistant depression (trd): a systematic review.
senescence markers and apathy symptoms in patients with mild cognitive impairment and/or remitted major depression: an analysis of the pact-md study.
advances in neuromodulation for older adults with mood and neurocognitive disorders.
neuromodulation in behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (bpsd).
predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression.
comparison of the analgesic effects of "superficial" and "deep" repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with central neuropathic pain: a randomized sham-controlled multicenter international crossover study.
effects of prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on executive function in veterans with parkinson's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on postoperative sleep disturbance in older patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty: a prospective, double-blind, pilot, randomised controlled trial.
cognitive effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in mild alzheimer's disease: a randomized, double-blind, cross-over small-scale exploratory study.
personalized and circuit-based transcranial magnetic stimulation: evidence, controversies, and opportunities.
improving depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia using bilateral bipolar-nonbalanced prefrontal tdcs: results from a double-blind sham-controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation in physical therapy treatment for adults after stroke: a systematic review.
clinical outcomes of magnetic seizure therapy vs electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive episode: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of ketamine-assisted electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive episode: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
navigated and individual α-peak-frequency–guided transcranial magnetic stimulation in male patients with treatment-refractory schizophrenia.
comparative efficacy of augmenting escitalopram with modified electroconvulsive therapy or high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms, quality of life, and cognitive function in treatment-resistant depression.
the importance of individual beliefs in assessing treatment efficacy.
novel approaches for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder: a systematic review of non-invasive brain stimulation interventions and insights from clinical trials.
comparative efficacy and tolerability of different anesthetics in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
effects of right prefrontal theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation on apathy in patients with schizophrenia: a multicenter rct.
safety and efficacy of laquinimod for huntington's disease (legato-hd): a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study.
continuous theta burst stimulation to dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in young adults with depression: changes in resting frontostriatal functional connectivity relevant to positive mood.
impact of multiple-session home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (m-hb-tdcs) on eating behavior in fibromyalgia: a factorial randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of neuromodulation on the treatment of fibromyalgia: a network meta-analysis.
comparable efficacy of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation, cognitive behavioral therapy, and their combination in improvement of cold and hot cognitive functions and amelioration of depressive symptoms.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation-primed intermittent theta burst stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a controlled study.
theta burst stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex induces striatal dopamine release. a combined positron emission tomography–transcranial magnetic stimulation study.
tdcs reduces depression and state anxiety symptoms in older adults from the augmenting cognitive training in older adults study (act).
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with tinnitus retraining therapy on sleep disorders in patients with chronic tinnitus.
effects of accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation in modulating brain of alzheimer's disease.
clinical characteristics and treatment exposure of patients with marked treatment-resistant unipolar major depressive disorder: a recover trial report.
pharmacological adjuncts and transcranial magnetic stimulation-induced synaptic plasticity: a systematic review.
antidepressant effects of dexmedetomidine compared with ect in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
investigating the impact of adjunctive priming repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in late-life depression: a pilot single-blind randomized control study.
treatment of adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): study protocol for a parallel, randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled, multicenter trial (stim-adhd).
theta burst stimulation add on to dialectical behavioral therapy in borderline-personality-disorder: methods and design of a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled pilot trial.
connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial.
an ancient psychedelic for traumatic brain injury.
no impact of tdcs on stress-induced state rumination and no influence of executive control and trait rumination: a double-blind sham-controlled within-subjects study.
adjunctive continuous theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
the differential effects of psychiatrists' and patients’ prior experiences on views about psychiatric electroceutical interventions.
effect of erythropoietin on cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy in depression: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial: effects of epo on cognitive side-effects of ect.
tms in combination with a pain directed intervention for the treatment of fibromyalgia - a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
the association of total pulses with the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: a dose-response meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
pain management after hip fracture repair surgery: a systematic review and procedure-specific postoperative pain management (prospect) recommendations.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms of long covid.
efficacy of vitamins b1 and b6 as an adjunctive therapy to lithium in bipolar-i disorder: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial.
a home-based telehealth randomized controlled trial of skills training in affective and interpersonal regulation versus present-centered therapy for women veterans who have experienced military sexual trauma.
effectiveness of rtms and tdcs treatment for chronic tbi symptoms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of a periodic intermittent theta burst stimulation in alzheimer's disease.
amantadine and/or transcranial magnetic stimulation for fatigue associated with multiple sclerosis (fetem): study protocol for a phase 3 randomised, double-blind, cross-over, controlled clinical trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training improves decision making and executive functions in opioid use disorder: a triple-blind sham-controlled pilot study.
the treatment of depersonalization-derealization disorder: a systematic review.
correction: accelerated tms - moving quickly into the future of depression treatment (neuropsychopharmacology, (2024), 49, 1, (128-137), 10.1038/s41386-023-01599-z).
the effect of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with an h1 coil on hopelessness in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
a roadmap for research in post-stroke fatigue: consensus-based core recommendations from the third stroke recovery and rehabilitation roundtable.
lamotrigine efficacy, safety, and tolerability for women of childbearing age with bipolar i disorder: meta-analysis from four randomized, placebo-controlled maintenance studies.
motor cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder - a preliminary randomized controlled clinical trial.
a pilot, randomized clinical trial: left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex intermittent theta burst stimulation improves treatment outcomes in veterans with alcohol use disorder.
predictive role of impulsivity, anxiety, and depression in the efficacy of intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation modalities for treating methamphetamine use disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of using intermittent theta burst stimulation to treat negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia—a systematic review and meta-analysis.
development of artificial intelligence for determining major depressive disorder based on resting-state eeg and single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation-evoked eeg indices.
a retrospective case–control study on the differences in the effectiveness of theta-burst stimulation therapy for depression with and without antidepressant medication.
a narrative systematic review of the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment and management of borderline personality disorder.
high-frequency rtms over bilateral primary motor cortex improves freezing of gait and emotion regulation in patients with parkinson’s disease: a randomized controlled trial.
mechanisms of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for pain in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome.
efficacy and safety of ketamine and esketamine for unipolar and bipolar depression: an overview of systematic reviews with meta-analysis.
a neuroimaging-based precision medicine framework for depression.
neurocognitive function as outcome and predictor for prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in major depressive disorder: an analysis from the depressiondc trial.
efficacy and safety of non-invasive brain stimulation in combination with antidepressants in adolescents with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
comparing different non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for bipolar depression treatment: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and executive function of solution-focused brief therapy on adolescent depression.
effects of online tdcs and hf-trns on reading performance in children and adolescents with developmental dyslexia: a study protocol for a cross sectional, within-subject, randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trial.
effectiveness of biomedical interventions on the chronic stage of traumatic brain injury: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
change in brain activation after transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in treatment-resistant depression.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation for stroke: primary motor cortex versus cerebellar stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
catgut embedding in acupoints combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis: study protocol for a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of low-dose esketamine for painless gastrointestinal endoscopy in adults: a systematic evaluation and meta-analysis.
comparison of effects of propofol combined with different doses of esketamine for ect in the treatment of depression: a randomized controlled trial protocol.
safety and feasibility of optimized transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with mild cognitive impairment due to alzheimer’s disease: a multicenter study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
non-pharmacological management of neuropathic pain in older adults: a systematic review.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in post-stroke cognitive impairment: an overview of systematic reviews.
acute effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on postural control of trained athletes: a randomized controlled trial.
accelerated theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory depression in autism spectrum disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke non-fluent aphasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation in young adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
sustained mood improvement with laughing gas exposure (smile): study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled pilot trial of nitrous oxide for treatment-resistant depression.
right ventrolateral and left dorsolateral 10 hz transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar i and ii depression: a double-blind, randomised, three‐arm, sham-controlled study.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in children and young people with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
acupuncture combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic evaluation and meta-analysis based on a randomised controlled trial.
effects and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation on multiple health outcomes: an umbrella review of randomized clinical trials.
non-invasive brain stimulation improves pain in patients with central post-stroke pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
theta burst stimulation for depression: a systematic review and network and pairwise meta-analysis.
the impact of ketamine-based versus non-ketamine-based ect anesthesia regimens on the severity of patients’ depression and occurrence of adverse events: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in central post-stroke pain: a meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation and neuronavigation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect analysis of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with fluoxetine in the treatment of first-episode adolescent depression.
research on the improvement of cognitive function of patients with alzheimer’s disease and cerebral small vessel disease by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
predictive values of pre-treatment brain age models to rtms effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression: secondary analysis of a randomised sham-controlled clinical trial.
enhancing interoceptive abilities and emotional processing: effects of hd-tdcs.
efficacy of noninvasive brain stimulation in treating general psychopathology symptoms in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
case report: tremor in the placebo condition of a blinded clinical trial of intermittent theta-burst stimulation for cocaine use disorder.
comparative effectiveness of non- pharmacological treatments in patients with persistent postural-perceptual dizziness: a systematic review and effect sizes analyses.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of phantom limb pain: a systematic review.
overcoming treatment-resistant depression with machine-learning based tools: a study protocol combining eeg and clinical data to personalize glutamatergic and brain stimulation interventions (selectool project).
empowering understanding: navigating consent to ketamine treatment in adolescent mental health.
dual stimulation with itbs-ctbs treatment in postpartum obsessive-compulsive disorder: a case report.
application of transcranial direct and alternating current stimulation (tdcs and tacs) on major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in anejaculation: a randomized controlled trial.
is non-invasive neuromodulation a viable technique to improve neuroplasticity in individuals with acquired brain injury? a review.
cognitive potency and safety of tdcs treatment for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the application of tdcs to treat pain and psychocognitive symptoms in cancer patients: a scoping review.
magnetic seizure therapy vs modified electroconvulsive therapy in patients with bipolar mania a randomized clinical trial.
single session effects of prolonged continuous theta burst stimulation targeting two brain regions on pain perception in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy: a preliminary study.
role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of fibromyalgia: a randomized controlled trial.
real-world case series of maintenance theta burst stimulation therapy following response to acute theta burst stimulation therapy for difficult-to-treat depression.
enhancing agency in individuals with depressive symptoms: the roles of effort, outcome valence, and its underlying cognitive mechanisms and neural basis.
critically assessing the unanswered questions of how, where, and when to induce plasticity in the posttraumatic stress disorder network with transcranial magnetic stimulation.
ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
a randomised comparative study of esmolol and labetalol in attenuating haemodynamic responses after modified electroconvulsive therapy.
the role of electroconvulsive therapy in posttraumatic stress disorder: a systematic review.
maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
qualitative changes in parameters of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in children and adolescents with adjuvant low frequency rtms as compared to sham stimulation.
modified electroconvulsive therapy and metabolic syndrome : an exploratory study from north india.
the role of the anterior cingulate cortex in inhibitory control - the acdc tms study with patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
remote neurocognitive interventions for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder – opportunities and challenges.
non-inferiority of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left v1 vs. classical target for depression: a randomized, double-blind trial.
prediction of antidepressant responses to non-invasive brain stimulation using frontal electroencephalogram signals: cross-dataset comparisons and validation.
efficacy and safety of a 4-week course of repeated subcutaneous ketamine injections for treatment-resistant depression (kads study): randomised double-blind active-controlled trial.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as adjunctive treatment for chronic headache in adults with clinically stable systemic lupus erythematosus (shade): a randomised double-blind multiarm sham controlled clinical trial.
comparing the efficacies of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments using different targeting methods in major depressive disorder: protocol for a network meta-analysis.
effects of non-invasive brain stimulation over supplementary motor area in people with parkinson's disease: a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
augmentation in depression: esketamine, a new standard?.
differential placebo responses for pharmacotherapy and neurostimulation in late-life depression.
a literature review of the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on epilepsy.
classification of bipolar disorders using the multilayer modularity in dynamic minimum spanning tree from resting state fmri.
effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-ht1a receptors in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment-resistant depression: a proof-of-concept trial.
bicentre, randomized, parallel-arm, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of palliative care patients with refractory cancer pain.
effect of fluvoxamine on preventing neuropsychiatric symptoms of post covid syndrome in mild to moderate patients, a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind clinical trial.
acupuncture for post-stroke depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
a study of individualized diagnosis and treatment for depression with atypical features (idot-afd): study protocol for a randomized clinical trial and prognosis study.
home-based tdcs for apathy in alzheimer’s disease: a protocol for a randomized double-blinded controlled pilot study.
targeted visual cortex stimulation (tvcs): a novel neuro-navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation mode for improving cognitive function in bipolar disorder.
maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol of a multisite, prospective, non-randomized longitudinal study.
chronic pain trials often exclude people with comorbid depressive symptoms: a secondary analysis of 346 randomized controlled trials.
network effects of stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt) in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a randomized, controlled trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) adjunctive therapy for major depressive disorder (mdd) after two antidepressant treatment failures: meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials.
study protocol: effects of treatment expectation toward repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depressive disorder—a randomized controlled clinical trial.
the antidepressant effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs): study protocol for a randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial.
a naturalistic study comparing the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral sequential theta burst stimulation in treating major depression – the u-b-d study protocol.
metformin improves cognitive impairment in patients with schizophrenia: associated with enhanced functional connectivity of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
the effects of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) on pain intensity of patients with fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
immune mechanisms of depression in rheumatoid arthritis.
transcranial direct current stimulation as treatment for major depression in a home treatment setting (homedc trial): study protocol and methodology of a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
exploring the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation on quality of sleep in parkinson’s disease.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on cognition, anxiety, and mobility in community-dwelling older individuals: a controlled clinical trial.
targeting right orbitofrontal cortex (ofc) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) can improve cognitive executive function in a major depressive episode, but not depressive mood: a double-blind randomized controlled pilot trial.
comparison of 60-minute vs 30-minute transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: effects on depression suicidal ideation and anxiety.
subanesthetic dose of ketamine administered before each electroconvulsive therapy session improves antidepressant and sleep quality outcomes: a randomized, controlled trial.
risk of depression in people with human immunodeficiency virus: a nationwide population-based matched cohort study.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for depressive episode disorders.
intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia in alzheimer's disease and its effect on the use of antipsychotics - study protocol.
effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc) in dementia with lewy bodies (dlb).
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation rct in major depression.
effect of prior pharmacotherapy on remission with sequential bilateral theta-burst versus standard bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant late-life depression.
immediate effects of multimodal cognitive therapy in mild cognitive impairment.
action mechanism of vinpocetine in improving learning and memory disorders in depressive rats after мест.
personalized, parcel-guided rtms for the treatment of major depressive disorder: safety and proof of concept.
bilateral theta burst stimulation for patients with acute unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes: a systematic review of randomized controlled studies.
a meta-analysis of transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
pharmacotherapies targeting gaba-glutamate neurotransmission for treatment-resistant depression.
adjunctive docosahexaenoic acid in residual symptoms of depression and anxiety.
eeg synchronized left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for treatment resistant depression is feasible and produces an entrainment dependent clinical response: a randomized controlled double blind clinical trial.
evaluation of the efficacy and safety of mri-guided focused ultrasound (mrgfus) for focal hand dystonia: study protocol for an open-label non-randomised clinical trial.
rapid improvements and subsequent effects in major depressive disorder patients with somatic pain using rtms combined with sertraline.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation improves cardiovascular autonomic nervous system control: a meta-analysis.
white matter predicts tdcs antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study.
antidepressant effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation monotherapy at the bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for medication and standard transcranial magnetic stimulation-resistant major depression: a three arm, randomized, double blind, sham-controlled pilot study.
tdcs at home for depressive disorders: an updated systematic review and lessons learned from a prematurely terminated randomized controlled pilot study.
the effects of remifentanil, dexmedetomidine, and metoral as adjuncts to thiopental on hemodynamic status after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in mild cognitive impairment: effects on cognitive functions—a systematic review.
brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf) as a predictor of treatment response in major depressive disorder (mdd): a systematic review.
trajectory of changes in depressive symptoms after acute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a meta-analysis of follow-up effects.
intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation reintroduction to maintain clinical benefit for adolescents with treatment-resistant depression.
3.5 emerging neurotherapeutics for the treatment of depression in children, adolescents, and young adults.
53.2 improvement in depression and fluid cognition following accelerated theta burst stimulation for treatment-resistant mdd in asd.
leveraging video clips and social media: enhancing education, reducing stigma, and fostering behavior change in child and adolescent psychiatry.
the role of symptoms severity, heart rate, and central sensitization for predicting sleep quality in patients with fibromyalgia.
exploring the potential of transcranial direct current stimulation for relieving central post-stroke pain: a randomized controlled pilot study.
identifying neurophysiological markers of intermittent theta burst stimulation in treatment-resistant depression using transcranial magnetic stimulation–electroencephalography.
acute pain drives different effects on local and global cortical excitability in motor and prefrontal areas: insights into interregional and interpersonal differences in pain processing.
the effects of dance interventions on depression in older adults: a meta-analysis.
a new solution to an age-old problem: a review of ketamine and esketamine for treatment-resistant depression in late life.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants in children and adolescents with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the longer, the better ? longer left-sided prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized sham-controlled study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of cognitive effects of rtms in caucasian patients with mild cognitive impairment.
the effect of continuous theta burst stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on cognitive function and emotional regulation in patients with cerebral small vessel disease.
efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on improving sleep quality in depressed patients: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation for treating depression in patients with traumatic brain injury: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
digital cognitive behavioural therapy (d.cbt) for pregnancy-related depression and sleep disturbances: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
artificial intelligence in psychiatry research, diagnosis, and therapy.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
effects of intraoperative local pain cocktail injections on early function and patient-reported outcomes: a randomized controlled trial.
the efficacy and tolerability of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review of randomized and observational studies.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of middle-aged and elderly major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
a randomized trial comparing beam f3 and 5.5 cm targeting in rtms treatment of depression demonstrates similar effectiveness.
dosing transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: relations between number of treatment sessions and effectiveness in a large patient registry.
concurrent fmri-guided rtms and cognitive therapy for the treatment of major depressive episodes.
effects of anaesthetic agendas on electroconvulsive therapy-associated cognitive impairment: comparison of propofol-ketamine mixture.
pupillometry in ect: updated results.
effects of a combination therapy of music-based movement, neuromodulation, cognitive training, and emotion regulation on cognition, physical and mental fitness in community older adults: a three-arm randomized controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation as an additional treatment to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder in germany (depressiondc): a triple-blind, randomised, sham-controlled, multicentre trial.
erratum: department of error (the lancet (2023) 402(10401) (545–554), (s0140673623006402), (10.1016/s0140-6736(23)00640-2)).
effect of priming on adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of late-life depression: protocol of a prospective randomized sham-controlled study.
adjunctive neuronavigated accelerated continuous theta-burst stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a randomized sham-controlled study.
motor cortical plasticity as a predictor of treatment response to high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for cognitive function in drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
bifrontal-transcranial direct current stimulation as an early augmentation strategy in major depressive disorder: a single-blind randomised controlled trial.
beyond the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in peripartum depression: a systematic review exploring perinatal safety for newborns.
depressive symptom dimensions predict the treatment effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression.
efficacy of ketamine with and without lamotrigine in treatment-resistant depression: a preliminary report.
traumatic memory retrieval followed by electroconvulsive therapy as a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder: a pilot study.
a randomized clinical trial to assess the effect of medication therapy plus tdcs on problem-solving and emotion regulation of patients with bipolar disorder type i.
effects of joint mobilization combined with acupuncture on pain, physical function, and depression in stroke patients with chronic neuropathic pain: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of different modalities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with ssris on post-stroke depressed patients: a network meta-analysis.
traditional chinese medicine for non-motor symptoms in parkinson disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of rcts.
neuromodulation of executive dysfunction in patients with acute stroke using transcranial direct current stimulation: study protocol for a triple-blind, randomized sham-controlled trial.
direct changes of neurometabolic concentrations in the pregenual anterior cingulate cortex among obsessive-compulsive patients after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment.
all studies are not created equal: a systematic narrative review of bipolar depression clinical trial inclusion/exclusion rules and baseline severity scores.
brain volumetric correlates of electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
time-course of the tdcs antidepressant effect: an individual participant data meta-analysis.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with fibromyalgia. a systematic review.
efficacy of ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine for anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients: a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
evidence-based umbrella review of non-invasive brain stimulation in anxiety disorders.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
unresolved issues associated with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of chronic tinnitus.
effects of repetitive-transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in fibromyalgia syndrome: an umbrella and mapping review.
a multimodal approach for clinical diagnosis and treatment of primary progressive aphasia (mainstream): a study protocol.
neuronavigated 20hz theta burst tms for ocd comorbid with depression and anxiety sequentially targeting rdlpfc, ldlpfc, and rofc.
beam f3 and 5.5 cm targeting show similar efficacy in rtms treatment of depression: a randomized trial.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) on cognition in psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
neuro-immunoendocrine biomarkers of transcranial magnetic stimulation effects in major depressive disorders: a systematic review.
quality of life improvement following deep tms for treatment-resistant depression.
nutrition + cbt + tms: an integrative approach for depressive and anxiety symptoms for treatment-resistant depression (trd) patients.
trajectories of response to deep tms in major depression: results from a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of repeated intravenous esketamine in adolescents with anxious versus non-anxious depression.
orbitofrontal cortex-hippocampus potentiation mediates relief for depression: a randomized double-blind trial and tms-eeg study.
short-term plasticity of the motor cortex compensates for bradykinesia in parkinson's disease.
ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive episode: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
potential advantages of ketamine over electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of nonrefractory severe depression in older patients with multiple medical comorbidities.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on comorbid anxiety and depression symptoms in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials.
clinical use of ketamine in psychiatric disorders.
long-term prophylactic transcranial direct current stimulation ameliorates allodynia and improves clinical outcomes in individuals with migraine.
the effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on pain modulation and stress-induced hyperalgesia.
the analgesic effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in fibromyalgia: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of potential influencers of clinical effect.
recent advancements in noninvasive brain modulation for individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
clinical characteristics associated with relapse 2 years after electroconvulsive therapy for major depression.
effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on the primary motor cortex in women with fibromyalgia: a randomized, triple-blind clinical trial.
the utility of non-invasive brain stimulation in relieving insomnia symptoms and sleep disturbances across different sleep disorders: a topical review.
efficacy and adverse effects of ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
theta burst stimulation is not inferior to high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder in veterans with depression: a retrospective case series.
effect of hd-tdcs on white matter integrity and associated cognitive function in chronic schizophrenia: a double-blind, sham-controlled randomized trial.
to have and to hold: an exploratory qualitative study exploring why research participants with treatment-resistant depression undergoing transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment requested copies of their research brain mri scans.
efficacy of tdcs in chronic migraine: a multiprotocol randomized controlled trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation for treating post-stroke depression: a network meta-analysis.
n°97 – decreased regional postictal perfusion after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures measured with arterial spin labeling.
efficacy and safety of pulse magnetic therapy system in insomnia disorder: a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
resting-state electroencephalography and magnetoencephalography as biomarkers of chronic pain: a systematic review.
id: 214064 ketamine-augmentation of brain stimulation (rtms) for chronic low back pain: a proof-of-concept model.
effect of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as adjunctive treatment for insomnia patients under hypnotics: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
an exploratory randomised controlled study on the efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex intermittent theta burst stimulation reduces anhedonia and alcohol cue-reactivity in veterans with aud.
influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of cns on fibromyalgia patients-a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (interim analysis).
electroconvulsive therapy in individuals with dementia/major ncd presenting with behavioral symptoms: a systematic review.
deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus in drug-resistant epilepsy in the more multicenter patient registry.
efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on depressive symptoms in patients with parkinson's disease: a study protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
transcranial alternating current stimulation (tacs) as a treatment for insomnia.
cortical inhibition function is associated with baseline suicidal symptoms and post-ketamine suicidal symptom reduction among patients with treatment-resistant depression and strong suicidal ideation.
efficacy of functional remediation on cognitive and psychosocial functioning in patients with bipolar disorder: study protocol for a randomized controlled study.
celecoxib for mood disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
147. a prospective, multi-center, randomized, controlled, blinded trial of vagus verve stimulation for difficult to treat depression: the recover trial baseline data.
26. neurocognitive effects of adjunctive d-cycloserine and intermittent theta-burst stimulation in major depressive disorder.
427. the effects of repetitive tms on brain neurometabolites: a meta-analysis of proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies.
3. adjunctive d-cycloserine with intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation improves suicidal ideation and implicit suicide risk in major depressive disorder.
267. outcomes from university of minnesota clinical rtms clinic for treatment-resistant depression: rtms effects on suicidal ideation as a function of baseline anhedonia.
572. transcranial direct current stimulation as add-on to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder: results: from the depressiondc trial.
optimizing rtms for transdiagnostic symptom and circuitry profiles.
8. dmpfc causal modulation of antidepressant expectancies.
28. dimensional antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can be predicted using pretreatment resting-state functional connectivity.
219. rtms induces increases in aperiodic activity in resting-state eeg.
mechanisms of 1 hz inhibitory and 5 hz excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulations in parkinson's disease: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
real-time fmri functional connectivity neurofeedback reducing repetitive negative thinking in depression: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled proof-of-concept trial.
face emotional expressions influence interhemispheric inhibition.
evaluation of rtms treatment outcomes: comparing treatment protocol and dosing in an open-label naturalistic setting.
low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation protects cognition in mice with chronic unpredictable mild stress through autophagy regulation.
differential effects of transcranial current type on heart rate variability during emotion regulation in internalizing psychopathologies.
effects of left anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity in depression: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
the effect of theta burst stimulation over the primary motor cortex on experimental hamstring pain: a randomized, controlled study.
views about neuromodulation interventions for depression by stakeholder group, treatment modality, and depression severity.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) add-on therapy to a standard treatment in individuals with multiple sclerosis and concomitant symptoms of depression—results from a randomized clinical trial and pilot study.
the evolving role of quantitative actigraphy in clinical sleep medicine.
seizure duration predicts postictal electroencephalographic recovery after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures.
the potential of electroencephalography coherence to predict the outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in insomnia disorder.
impact of response shift effects in the assessment of self-reported depression during treatment: insights from a rtms versus venlafaxine randomized controlled trial.
investigating the role of maintenance tms protocols for major depression: systematic review and future perspectives for personalized interventions.
self-regulatory neuronal mechanisms and long-term challenges in schizophrenia treatment.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on symptom domains in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review and cross-diagnostic meta-analysis.
investigating the efficacy of dual stimulation of tdcs and rtms neuro-modulation therapy of major depression.
ins 2022 interim meeting.
sequential bilateral accelerated theta burst stimulation in adolescents with suicidal ideation associated with major depressive disorder: protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
the priming effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
antidepressant and anti-suicidal effects of ketamine in treatment-resistant depression associated with psychiatric and personality comorbidities: a double-blind randomized trial.
effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation on suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms in adolescent depression with suicide attempt: a randomized sham-controlled study.
individualized precision targeting of dorsal attention and default mode networks with rtms in traumatic brain injury-associated depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for bipolar depression: systematic reviews of clinical evidence and biological underpinnings.
treatment-resistant depression - is magnetic seizure therapy the novel treatment?.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating major depressive disorder: an umbrella review and re-analysis of published meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials.
neurobiology of depression in parkinson's disease: insights into epidemiology, molecular mechanisms and treatment strategies.
real world research on transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment strategies for neuropsychiatric symptoms with long-covid in japan.
comparison of efficacy and safety of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review.
transcranial direct-current stimulation over the motor cortex in patients suffering from anxiety and depression related to rheumatoid arthritis: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of continuous theta burst "intensive" stimulation in acute-phase bipolar depression: a pilot, exploratory study.
a prospective, multi-center randomized, controlled, blinded trial of vagus verve stimulation for difficult to treat depression: the recover trial.
pharmacological and somatic treatment effects on suicide in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
augmenting the unified protocol with transcranial direct current stimulation: effects on emotion regulation and executive dysfunction.
a comparison between two rtms protocols as augmentation strategies in patients with treatment resistant depression.
adjunctive therapy of text4support for treatment- resistant depression patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a multicenter randomized controlled pilot trial.
assessing the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of treatment resistant depression: a scoping review.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with and without internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for the treatment of resistant depression: patient-centered randomized controlled pilot trial.
efficacy and clinical and neuroimaging biomarkers of response of two intensive and spaced treatment protocols of theta burst magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression.
efficacy of two intensive and spaced protocols of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatmentresistant depression: a double-blind randomized trial.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (atms) vs standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of major depressive episodes. preliminary data of a randomized, single-blind, controlled trial.
pursuing personalized medicine for depression by targeting the lateral or medial prefrontal cortex with deep tms.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in depression induces structural plasticity.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on improving depression and modulating functional activity in emotion-related cortical-subcortical regions in bipolar depression.
effects of neuronavigation-guided rtms on serum bdnf, trkb and vgf levels in depressive patients with suicidal ideation.
transcutaneous auricular vagus stimulation (tavns) improves human working memory performance under sleep deprivation stress.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for children and adolescents with first-episode and drug-naïve major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
examining the synergistic effects of a cognitive control video game and a home-based, self-administered non-invasive brain stimulation on alleviating depression: the discover trial protocol.
brain stimulation treatment for bipolar disorder.
treatment of primary progressive aphasia by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
pathophysiology and treatment of functional paralysis: insight from transcranial magnetic stimulation.
apparent lack of benefit of combining repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for the treatment of resistant depression: patient-centered randomized controlled pilot trial.
effect of sleep deprivation plus existing therapies on depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of quetiapine monotherapy and combination therapy for patients with bipolar depression with mixed features: a randomized controlled pilot study.
effectiveness of adjunctive low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder refractory to medical treatment:a double-blind, randomized clinical trial.
how does il-6 change after combined treatment in mdd patients? a systematic review.
extension of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for depression in non-responders: results of a naturalistic study.
combined cognitive training and transcranial direct current stimulation in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
predictive signature of static and dynamic functional connectivity for ect clinical outcomes.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic review.
novel and emerging treatments for major depression.
working memory ımprovement after transcranial direct current stimulation paired with working memory training ın diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
therapy strategies for late-life depression: a review.
subjective cognitive complaints and subjective cognition following electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
bdnf blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with mood disorders: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of non-invasive brain stimulation (nibs) on vestibulopathy disorders: a systematic review.
world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for treatment of anxiety, obsessive-compulsive and posttraumatic stress disorders–version 3. part ii: ocd and ptsd.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at 10 hz in fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in children and adolescents with depression: a systematic review and preliminary meta-analysis.
role of the ampa receptor in antidepressant effects of ketamine and potential of ampa receptor potentiators as a novel antidepressant.
effectiveness evaluation of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy combined with mindfulness-based stress reduction for people with post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial.
a case series of intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment for depressive symptoms in individuals with autistic spectrum disorder: real world tms study in the tokyo metropolitan area.
oral ketamine for depression: an updated systematic review.
ketamine and esketamine in suicidal thoughts and behaviors: a systematic review.
differential symptom cluster responses to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression.
preservation of spatial cognitive functioning in depressed patients treated with bilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
supplementing transcranial direct current stimulation to local infiltration series for refractory neuropathic craniocephalic pain: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on postoperative delirium in elderly patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty: a randomized controlled trial.
evaluating the efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation on adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: study protocol of a pilot randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke cognitive impairment: protocol of a pilot randomized controlled double-blind trial.
multi-modal rehabilitation therapy in parkinson's disease and related disorders.
the modulation of attentional control with hd-tdcs: a systematic comparison of electrode positioning.
bilateral insular deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) for improving negative symptoms of schizophrenia: a proof-of-concept study.
optimized hd-tdcs protocol for clinical use in patients with major depressive disorder.
closed-loop phase-locked rtms treatment decreases global cortical excitability in major depressive disorder patients.
transcranial magnetic stimulation-induced heart-brain-coupling: implications for site selection and frontal thresholding.
predictive value of mri-informed brain age matrices to rtms effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression.
rtms combined with cbt as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
dbs of the subcallosal cingulate for treatment resistant depression: role of the psychiatrist in patient selection, surgical approach and clinical management in the acute and chronic setting.
modest early reduction in depression severity predicts treatment non-response with 10 hz and accelerated theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation combined with behavioral therapy delivered through smartphone to treat major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
heart-brain coupling in a randomized controlled trial of stanford neuromodulation therapy: preliminary results and future directions.
combining metacognitive therapy and tdcs: preliminary results in patients with major depressive disorder.
to prime or not to prime: a pilot randomised control study on effect of adjunctive priming rtms in late life depression.
individualized intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment of mdd.
is individual variability in electrical field distribution related to demographic factors or clinical outcomes for treatment-resistant depression treated with rtms ?.
decreased regional postictal perfusion after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures measured with arterial spin labelling.
cerebellar itbs for bipolar disorder: a randomized, controlled trial of safety, feasibility, and preliminary effects on mood and cognition.
radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder.
clinical tms in us veterans decreases measures that predict suicide risk – across vha update.
white matter microstructure predicts tdcs antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study.
the shift changes of eeg microstate maps after a single session transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with depression.
cognitive functioning in multiple sclerosis (ms) improves with at-home online training paired with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): results from a sham-controlled randomized clinical trial.
effects of anesthesia-ect time interval on seizure quality and clinical outcome: an interim report on a prospective randomized trial of aeti 150 sec vs. 240 sec.
deep brain stimulation of the medial forebrain bundle in treatment-resistant depression: preliminary results showing shift and sustained antidepressant effects.
the influence of nibs in the therapy of post-tbi symptoms: a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for complex regional pain syndrome (crps).
imaging-informed targeting approaches for nibs in ppd.
cognitive outcomes of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled study.
a systematic review assessing patient-related predictors of response to transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder.
increased thalamic gray matter volume induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder.
a randomised sham-controlled study evaluating rtms analgesic efficacy for postherpetic neuralgia.
chronic stress, neuroinflammation, and depression: an overview of pathophysiological mechanisms and emerging anti-inflammatories.
effects of low-frequency rtms combined with antidepressants on depression in patients with post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of excitatory transcranial magnetic stimulation over the different cerebral hemispheres dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for post-stroke cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex improves attentional control in chronically stressed adults.
effect of recurrent tms and psychological therapy on parkinson's patient’s cognitive performance, anxiety, and depressed mood.
advances in the pharmacological and non-pharmacological management of non-motor symptoms in parkinson’s disease: an update since 2017.
effects of different transcranial magnetic stimulations on neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury.
effectiveness of non-pharmacological treatments for postpartum depression: an umbrella review protocol.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review.
studying additive effects of combining rtms with cognitive control training: a pilot investigation.
adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
effect of dexmedetomidine on haemodynamic response and agitation score in modified electro convulsive therapy (ect): a prospective double‐blind, randomized controlled trial.
the cognitive effects of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-onset depression: a randomized controlled trial with 4 week follow-up.
brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
effects of simultaneous transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation and high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on disorders of consciousness: a study protocol.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmpfc-rtms) in the treatment of depressive disorder. review of clinical trials.
transcranial alternating current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: from basic mechanisms toward clinical applications.
ketamine versus ect for nonpsychotic treatment-resistant major depression.
effect of memantine on cognitive performance of patients with mood disorders under electroconvulsive therapy: a triple-blind clinical trial.
cardiovascular adverse reactions associated with escitalopram in patients with underlying cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
bipolar disorder and manic-like symptoms in alzheimer’s, vascular and frontotemporal dementia: a systematic review.
beyond the surface: analyzing etomidate and propofol as anesthetic agents in electroconvulsive therapy—a systematic review and meta-analysis of seizure duration outcomes.
ultrasound guided erector spinae plane block versus intrathecal morphine for analgesia following major hepatopancreaticobiliary surgery.
home-administered transcranial direct current stimulation with asynchronous remote supervision in the treatment of depression: feasibility, tolerability, and clinical effectiveness.
comparing the effectiveness of cbt and low-frequency rtms in reducing symptom severity and depression and improving working memory in adults with ocd: a clinical trial.
randomized clinical trial on the efficacy of a new transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) device in the treatment of depression: a low-cost option for developing countries?.
effects of intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression.
improvement of working memory in older adults with mild cognitive impairment after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation – a randomized controlled pilot study.
driving-related cognitive skills during antidepressant transcranial direct current stimulation: results in a subsample from the depressiondc trial.
comparison of propofol and thiopentone for modified electroconvulsive therapy.
post-stroke fatigue: a review of development, prevalence, predisposing factors, measurements, and treatments.
alterations in cognitive function and blood biomarkers following transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with amyloid positron emission tomography-positive alzheimer’s disease: a preliminary study.
efficacy and safety of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with escitalopram in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
effects and central mechanism of electroacupuncture and mri-navigated rtms for psd: study protocol for an fmri-based single-center, randomized, controlled, open-label trial.
an electric field modeling study with meta-analysis to understand the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
effect of computerized cognitive training on mood, cognition, and serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor level in late-life depression — a pilot randomized controlled trial.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on functional outcomes among medicare patients with comorbid depression and dementia: a nationwide 1-year follow-up study.
bilateral deep transcranial magnetic stimulation of motor and prefrontal cortices in parkinson’s disease: a comprehensive review.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive training on cognitive function in patients with alzheimer’s disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
comprehensive treatment of adynamic depression with the combined use of traditional psychopharmacotherapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation and virtual reality technologies.
effect of escitalopram combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on efficacy and attention function of patients with first-episode unipolar depression.
safety and possible efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms).
comparing the anti-depressive effect of electroconvulsive therapy ect versus transcranial magnetic stimulation tms in the treatment of patients with depression.
evidence-based integration of yoga in psychiatric practice.
evidence from indian studies on safety and efficacy of therapeutic transcranial magnetic stimulation across neuropsychiatric disorders - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
“cognitive assessment in psychiatric patients before and after electroconvulsive therapy in a teritiary care teaching hospital”.
predictors of electroconvulsive therapy outcome in major depressive disorder.
psychological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on individuals with methamphetamine use disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of cns on fibromyalgia patients -a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (interim analysis).
effectiveness of repeated ketamine infusions on suicidal thoughts vs ect: an open label comparative study.
rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine as compared with electroconvulsive therapy in patients with severe depression.
no effects on heart rate variability in depression after treatment with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation.
effects of tai chi combined with tdcs on cognitive function in patients with mci: a randomized controlled trial.
analysis of neuroplasticity in post stroke spasticity: serial mep study.
observation on the therapeutic effect of gouache color applied to psychological mediated personalized training on cognitive impairment in patients with severe depression.
cerebellar stimulation in schizophrenia: a systematic review of the evidence and an overview of the methods.
comparative efficacy, cognitive effects and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapies for the treatment of depression: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder: results from a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of adjunctive d -cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy among patients with major depressive episode: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
narrative review of noninvasive brain stimulation in stroke rehabilitation.
vagally mediated heart rate variability is associated with executive function changes in patients with treatment-resistant depression following magnetic seizure therapy.
rtms combined with cbt as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a study protocol for a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
assessing and improving public mental health literacy concerning rtms.
a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to test efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation to the motor cortex after stroke (nets): study protocol.
study of effect of nimodipine and acetaminophen on postictal symptoms in depressed patients after electroconvulsive therapy (synapse).
transcranial electrical stimulation for psychiatric disorders in adults: a primer.
efficacy and safety of gyejibokryeong-hwan (gbh) in major depressive disorder: study protocol for multicentre randomised controlled trial.
relationship among psychotic features, benzodiazepine receptor agonists, and rehospitalization in patients with electroconvulsive therapy-responsive major depressive disorder: a retrospective 2-year observational study.
topiramate and other kainate receptor antagonists for depression: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of lamotrigine in the maintenance treatment of chinese adult patients with bipolar i disorder.
safety of low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic brain stimulation for people living with multiple sclerosis (taurus): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
predicting treatment response using eeg in major depressive disorder: a machine-learning meta-analysis.
treatment-resistant bipolar depression: therapeutic trends, challenges and future directions.
multiple comparison of different noninvasive brain stimulation and pharmacologic interventions in patients with methamphetamine use disorders: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
suicidality and relief of depressive symptoms with intermittent theta burst stimulation in a sham-controlled randomized clinical trial.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (hd-tdcs) as augmentation therapy in late-life depression (lld) with suboptimal response to treatment—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on excessive daytime sleepiness in patients with parkinson's disease.
mpfc-rtms for patients with insomnia disorder using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging: a protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
is transcranial direct current stimulation beneficial for treating pain, depression, and anxiety symptoms in patients with chronic pain? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
optimal parameter determination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of adjunctive intensive transcranial direct current stimulation of different cortices in treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol for a randomized double-blinded sham-controlled trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation for treating psychiatric symptoms in parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
interventions to treat and prevent postpartum depression: a protocol for systematic review of the literature and parallel network meta-analyses.
dual-site transcranial direct current stimulation to treat tinnitus: a randomized controlled trial.
the transdiagnostic comparative efficacy of non- invasive neurostimulation interventions for suicidal ideation: initial results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
acnp 61st annual meeting: panels, mini-panels and groups.
improvement in depression and fluid cognition following accelerated theta burst stimulation for treatment- resistant major depressive disorder in autism spectrum disorders.
tms-eeg indices as high potential predictive markers of itbs response in mdd.
frequency-dependent entrainment of brain networks using transcranial magnetic stimulation.
dimensional antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can be predicted using pretreatment resting-state functional connectivity.
personalized connectivity-based accelerated tms therapy for bipolar depression: preliminary outcomes.
sham response in transcranial magnetic stimulation depression trials is increasing over time.
the effects of lesion network guided transcranial electrical stimulation on symptoms, behavior, and electrophysiology in patients with psychosis: an open label clinical trial.
clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder.
the effect of ketamine on cognition, anxiety, and social functioning in adults with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
acupuncture combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions for depression in individuals with parkinson's disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of standard sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs bilateral theta burst stimulation in older adults with depression: the four-d randomized noninferiority clinical trial.
emotion recognition deficits in psychiatric disorders as a target of non-invasive neuromodulation: a systematic review.
effectiveness of aromatherapy with inhaled lavender essential oil and breathing exercises on ect-related anxiety in depressed patients.
the effect of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy on cognition: a systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.
boosting psychological change: combining non-invasive brain stimulation with psychotherapy.
intervention methods for improving reduced heart rate variability in patients with major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on pain and emotion of patients with neuropathic pain.
random forest classification to predict response to high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation for tinnitus relief: a preliminary feasibility study.
neuromodulation by transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for the treatment of chronic low back pain.
adjunctive accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for older patients with depression: a systematic review.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on sequelae in patients with chronic stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
non-invasive brain neuromodulation techniques for chronic low back pain.
long-term effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of chronic tinnitus: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
pain reduction in fibromyalgia syndrome through pairing transcranial direct current stimulation and mindfulness meditation: a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled pilot clinical trial.
effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram on patients with post-stroke depression.
continuous theta burst stimulation over the bilateral supplementary motor area in obsessive-compulsive disorder treatment: a clinical randomized single-blind sham-controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive behavioral therapy treatment in alcohol-dependent patients: a randomized, double-blind sham-controlled multicenter clinical trial.
treatments for objective and subjective cognitive functioning in young people with depression: systematic review of current evidence.
the role of telemedicine in the management of the behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia: a systematic review.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of adolescent depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of aggregated and individual-patient data from uncontrolled studies.
comparative efficacy of sedation or analgesia methods for reduction of anterior shoulder dislocation: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
can noninvasive brain stimulation improve pain and depressive symptoms in patients with neuropathic pain? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation for post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
comparative study of low-dose ketamine infusion and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a posthoc pooled analysis of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.
a pilot study of accelerated deep transcranial magnetic stimulation effects on cognitive functioning in patients diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
the transcranial light therapy improves synaptic plasticity in the alzheimer’s disease mouse model.
update on non-pharmacological interventions for treatment of post-traumatic headache.
a pilot randomized clinical trial of tdcs for increasing exercise engagement in individuals with elevated depressive symptoms: rationale, design, and baseline characteristics.
the association between sample and treatment characteristics and the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of sham-controlled trials.
pc025 / #878 default mode network connectivity and brain derived neurotrophic factor in brain stimulation of traumatic brain injury patients: track 2: brain stimulation.
pc019 / #941 stop-tic study: strengthening tourette treatment options using tms to improve cbit: e-poster viewing.
pc027 / #1035 efficiency of home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on dysfunctional eating behavior in women with fibromyalgia: track 2: brain stimulation.
po078 / #1040 efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with post stroke depression.
2.55 positive predictive factors of transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in the treatment of mdd in adolescents.
24.4 developing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a treatment for mental health and functional outcomes in youth and emerging adults with asd.
brain stimulation interventions in asd: efforts for the development of a promising intervention approach.
altered brain spontaneous activity by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depressive disorder.
non-invasive brain stimulation for osteoarthritis.
theta burst stimulation is not inferior to high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans with depression: a retrospective case series.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of anxiety and depression in patients with oral cancer during perioperative period.
assessing and stabilizing atypical plasticity in autism spectrum disorder using rtms: results from a proof-of-principle study.
high-definition transcranial direct current with electrical theta burst on post-stroke motor rehabilitation: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
neuroprotective effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation in parkinson’s disease (net-pd): a study protocol for a delayed-start randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): pain management in end-stage renal disease - report of an early randomized controlled trial.
tu-108. evidence for 10 hz rtms-mediated ltp.
tu-110. tdcs randomized controlled trials in no–structural diseases: a quantitative review.
tu-156. increased susceptibility to long-term depression and impaired metaplasticity in the primary motor cortex of focal hand dystonia patients.
the relationship between depression and pain during acute electroconvulsive therapy and follow-up period for patients with treatment-resistant depression.
effect of an educational video and information pamphlet on knowledge and attitudes about electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, blind, controlled study.
placebo effect in randomized trials of major depressive disorder with psychotic features: a systematic review and descriptive meta-analysis.
correlates of suicidality among standard rating scales and the columbia-suicide severity rating scale (c-ssrs) in adolescents undergoing transcranial magnetic stimulation.
dual observation naturalistic tms study comparing h1 and figure-8 coil outcomes (dont h8).
effectiveness of high frequency rtms stimulation with the h7 coil over the mpfc versus with the h1 coil over the dlpfc in patients with mdd: a multicenter randomized controlled non-inferiority trial.
ctbs for generalized anxiety disorder in pharmaco-naïve patients.
exploring the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing scores on the yale global tic severity rating scale for tic disorders in comparison to sham treatment: a rapid review.
reconsideration of the benefits of pharmacological interventions for the attenuation of the cognitive adverse effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
the therapeutic effect of electroconvulsive therapy in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients: a quasi-experimental study.
very low-level transcranial photobiomodulation . for major depressive disorder: the elated-3 multicenter, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation vs sham for the treatment of inattention in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder the tuned randomized clinical trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of psychiatric symptoms in parkinson's disease: a systematic review and metaanalysis.
pupillometry in ect: preliminary results.
perceived barriers to using psychiatric electroceutical interventions: a national survey of psychiatrists, patients, caregivers, and the general public.
treatment of depression in the elderly with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using theta-burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
management of cognitive impairment in bipolar disorder: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ameliorated sleep disorder and hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis dysfunction in subjects with major depression.
depression in young people.
neural plasticity in spinal and corticospinal pathways induced by balance training in neurologically intact adults: a systematic review.
the role of physiotherapy in fibromyalgia: current and future perspectives.
evidence-based treatment strategies for rapid cycling bipolar disorder, a systematic review.
intervention trials for adults with bipolar disorder in low-income and lower-middle-income countries: a systematic review.
cortical excitatory and inhibitory correlates of the fronto-limbic circuit in major depression and differential effects of left frontal brain stimulation in a randomized sham-controlled trial.
probability ramp control reduces the number of sessions required to find an acceptable dose of succinylcholine during electroconvulsive therapy - an in silico analysis.
self- versus informant-report of cognitive decline in mild cognitive impairment: concordance with cognitive and functional performance.
revisiting the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression, again.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on physical and mental health in older adults with chronic musculoskeletal pain: a randomized controlled trial.
use of antidepressants in unipolar depression in the elderly.
the impact of military sexual trauma and gender on receipt of evidence-based medication treatment among veterans with opioid use disorder.
machine learning on early diagnosis of depression.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with exercising in people with fibromyalgia: a randomized sham-controlled clinical trial.
acceptability, safety and tolerability of antidepressant repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents: a mixed-methods investigation.
negative cognitive schema modification as mediator of symptom improvement after electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
“efficacy of intensive bilateral temporo-parietal continuous theta-burst stimulation for auditory verbal hallucinations (tpc-save) in schizophrenia: a randomized sham-controlled trial”☆.
infralow-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapy for generalized anxiety disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
brain stimulation and other biological non-pharmacological interventions in mental disorders: an umbrella review.
influence of improved behavioral inhibition on decreased cue-induced craving in heroin use disorder: a preliminary intermittent theta burst stimulation study.
neuromodulation of the anterior cingulate cortex: a systematic review of treatment studies.
saffron and its active ingredients against human disorders: a literature review on existing clinical evidence.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalized anxiety and panic disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
neurostructural differences in adolescents with treatment-resistant depression and treatment effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
assessment of noninvasive brain stimulation interventions for negative symptoms of schizophrenia: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation as treatment of poststroke depression a systematic review and meta-analysis.
early effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with sertraline in adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder.
rivastigmine for ect-induced cognitive adverse effects in late life depression (recall study): a multicenter, randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial in patients with depression aged 55 years or older: rationale, objectives and methods.
the impact of theta-burst stimulation on cortical gaba and glutamate in treatment-resistant depression: a surface-based mrsi analysis approach.
an overview of noninvasive brain stimulation: basic principles and clinical applications.
theta-burst stimulation combined with virtual-reality reconsolidation intervention for methamphetamine use disorder: study protocol for a randomized-controlled trial.
the evidence is in: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is an effective, safe and well-tolerated treatment for patients with major depressive disorder.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) accelerates onset time of beneficial treating effects and improves clinical symptoms of depression.
disentangling cognitive inflexibility in major depressive disorder: a transcranial direct current stimulation study.
no add-on effect of tdcs on fatigue and depression in chronic stroke patients: a randomized sham-controlled trial combining tdcs with computerized cognitive training.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation promotes response inhibition in patients with major depression during the stop-signal task.
the efficacy and safety of deep brain stimulation of combined anterior limb of internal capsule and nucleus accumbens (alic/nacc-dbs) for treatment-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder: protocol of a multicenter, randomized, and double-blinded study.
efficacy and safety of transcranial electric stimulation during the perinatal period: a systematic literature review and three case reports.
effect of cerebellum stimulation on cognitive recovery in patients with alzheimer disease: a randomized clinical trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation of 3 cortical targets is no more effective than placebo as treatment for fibromyalgia: a double-blind sham-controlled clinical trial.
comparative analysis of the effects of escitalopram, pramipexole, and transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in patients with parkinson disease: an open-label randomized controlled trial.
comparison of the effect of propofol and sodium thiopental on serum levels of il-23 and il-17 after electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on managing fibromyalgia: a systematic meta-analysis.
long-term prophylactic transcranial direct current stimulation improves clinical outcomes in migraineurs with allodynia.
scoping review of interventions to improve quality of life in heart failure (hf) patients with depression in a clinical setting.
feasibility of cognitive training in combination with transcranial direct current stimulation in a home-based context (trainstim-home): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-seeking subjects with cocaine use disorder: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of brain stimulation interventions in borderline personality disorder: state of the art and future perspectives – a systematic review.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of major depressive disorder with anxious distress: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
inflammatory cytokines changed in patients with depression before and after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment.
a randomized, sham-controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation targeting m1 and s2 in central poststroke pain: a pilot trial.
combining trauma script exposure with rtms to reduce symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder: randomized controlled trial.
heart rate variability features as predictors of intermittent theta-burst stimulation response in posttraumatic stress disorder.
parkinson and depression: review and outlook.
randomised controlled cognition trials in remitted patients with mood disorders published between 2015 and 2021: a systematic review by the international society for bipolar disorders targeting cognition task force.
efficacy of neurostimulation across mental disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis of 208 randomized controlled trials.
the possible application of ketamine in the treatment of depression in alzheimer’s disease.
personalizing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation parameters for depression treatment using multimodal neuroimaging.
effect of ipsilateral, contralateral or bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with lateralized tinnitus: a placebo-controlled randomized study.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on fibromyalgia patients responding to a first repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation induction course after six months of maintenance treatment: a randomized pilot-controlled study.
the effect of non‐invasive brain stimulation on the downregulation of negative emotions: a meta‐analysis.
accelerated itbs changes perfusion patterns in medication resistant depression.
id:15775 use of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression in mu health care: effectiveness and outcome.
changes in brain network properties in major depressive disorder following electroconvulsive therapy: a combined static and dynamic functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
depression: why drugs and electricity are not the answer.
efficacy of augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy with transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: a randomized clinical trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of adolescent depression-a systematic review and meta-analysis of aggregated and individual patient data.
the discover trial - first look at patient training and their expectations regarding a new, innovative treatment.
is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation really effective in the treatment of major depression? - results of a meta-analysis.
suicidality during neuromodulation in the elderly depressed: study design.
tms use in depressive disorder in youth.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of post-laminectomy syndrome: a clinical trial.
improved safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy compared with standard electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group pilot trial.
effects of noninvasive brain stimulation combined with antidepressants in patients with poststroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
non-invasive brain stimulation for central neuropathic pain.
can daytime transcranial direct current stimulation treatment change the sleep electroencephalogram complexity of rem sleep in depressed patients? a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation and monoclonal antibodies acting on the cgrp as a combined treatment for migraine (tactic): protocol for a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
influence of adjuvant nortriptyline on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial and 1-year follow-up.
effect of high frequency versus theta-burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidality in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
mechanisms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on post-stroke depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the primary motor cortex of individuals with fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
intermittent theta burst stimulation improved visual-spatial working memory in treatment-resistant schizophrenia: a pilot study.
the effectiveness of high-frequency left dlpfc-rtms on depression, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility in female subjects with major depressive disorder.
depressive symptom dimensions and response trajectories in electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
improving antidepressant response prediction using dimensional outcomes: convergent evidence from ect and ketamine treatments.
adjunctive d-cycloserine with intermittent theta-burst stimulation: a randomized placebo-controlled trial in major depressive disorder.
effects of stimulation site, context, and trauma history on response to rtms treatment among patients with ptsd or depression with trauma.
individualizing electroconvulsive therapy (ect) amplitude to improve clinical outcomes.
p249. a single session of bifrontal tdcs can improve facial emotion recognition in major depressive disorder: an exploratory pilot study.
p342. modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
p275. accelerated theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
p 49 polysymptomatic tms treatment with the h1 coil compared to the figure of 8 coil leads to more uniform changes across symptom clusters in patients with major depression disorder.
rehabilitation of cognitive deficits poststroke: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for fibromyalgia: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) versus 10 hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) to alleviate treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial (theta-dep).
a single-center prospective randomized controlled study of estazolam combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of elderly patients with chronic insomnia.
racemic ketamine as an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy for unipolar depression: a randomized, open-label, non-inferiority trial (ketect).
senior research award - the progression of rtms therapy from good idea to mainstream intervention: the journey and lessons for new treatment innovation in a conservative profession.
ect in adolescents and children: two case reports and a targeted review of the literature.
long-term efficacy and safety of deutetrabenazine (dtbz) in patients with chorea associated with huntington's disease (hd).
fatigue in multiple sclerosis: a review of the exploratory and therapeutic potential of non-invasive brain stimulation.
brain stimulation for emotion regulation in adolescents with psychiatric disorders: study protocol for a clinical-transdiagnostical, randomized, triple-blinded and sham-controlled neurotherapeutic trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function in patients with stress-related depression: a randomized double-blind fmri and 1h-mrs study.
critical role of rhythms in prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
large-scale structural network change correlates with clinical response to rtms in depression.
low-dose augmentation with buprenorphine for treatment-resistant depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial with multimodal assessment of target engagement.
comparing the effect of methylphenidate and anodal tdcs on inhibitory control and working-memory in children and adolescents with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a study protocol for a randomized, within-subject trial.
benefits from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in post-stroke rehabilitation.
increased patient empowerment is associated with improvement in anxiety and depression symptoms in type 2 diabetes mellitus: findings from the indica study.
determining the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on tinnitus, depression, and anxiety: a systematic review.
a comparative study of the effectiveness of acceptance and commitment therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation on anxiety, depression, and physical symptoms of individuals suffering from chronic pain.
rationale and study design of a trial to assess rtms add-on value for the amelioration of negative symptoms of schizophrenia (radovan).
impact of bifrontal home-based transcranial direct current stimulation in pain catastrophizing and disability due to pain in fibromyalgia: a randomized, double-blind sham-controlled study.
effects of multisite anodal transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive stimulation in patients with alzheimer's disease and its neurophysiological correlates: a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and tolerability in patients with chronic facial pain of two consecutive treatment periods of rtms applied over the facial motor cortex, using protocols differing in stimulation frequency, duration, and train pattern.
the efficacy of non-invasive, non-convulsive electrical neuromodulation on depression, anxiety and sleep disturbance: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke vascular cognitive impairment: a prospective pilot study.
analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a randomized, sham-controlled, pilot study.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms for depression in borderline personality disorder: a pilot randomized crossover trial.
safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in unipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
transcranial direct current stimulation may reduce prefrontal recruitment during dual task walking in functionally limited older adults – a pilot study.
online video psychoeducation for electroconvulsive therapy in india: a randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation modulates coupling among large-scale brain networks in heroin-dependent individuals: a randomized resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
electroconvulsive therapy, electric field, neuroplasticity, and clinical outcomes.
placebo effects and neuromodulation for depression: a meta-analysis and evaluation of shared mechanisms.
response to intravenous racemic ketamine after switch from intranasal (s)-ketamine on symptoms of treatment-resistant depression and post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans: a retrospective case series.
effectiveness of using calligraphic activity to treat people with schizophrenia: a randomized controlled trial in southern taiwan.
cognitive control training for children with anxiety and depression: a systematic review.
evaluation of memory performance in patients with brain disorders following rtms treatment. a systematic review.
personality profile and therapeutic response to lithium carbonate and sodium valproate in mania with psychotic features.
adjuvant priming repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: in search of a new paradigm!.
long-term prophylactic efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic migraine. a randomised, patient-assessor blinded, sham-controlled trial.
daily prefrontal closed-loop repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) produces progressive eeg quasi-alpha phase entrainment in depressed adults.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with fibromyalgia: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation in treatment-resistant depression: a meta-analysis.
important insights for the use of ketamine from randomized controlled trials that compared ketamine with electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression.
knowledge and attitude of medical, psychology and nursing students towards electroconvulsive therapy: a comparative study.
long term efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over supplement motor area in patients with the obsessive-compulsive disorder: a double-blind, randomized control trial.
the effect of high-definition transcranial direct stimulation (hd-tdcs) on pain in somatic symptom disorder with predominant pain (ssd-p): a randomized single-blind sham controlled cross-over study.
effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-ht1a receptors on dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment resistant depression.
non-invasive brain stimulation for neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
the effects of a single transcranial direct current stimulation session on impulsivity and risk among a sample of adult recreational cannabis users.
a preliminary study of precise treatment for major depression patients with suicide ideation by individualized targeted robot assisted stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in bipolar disorder: a systematic review.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of 3 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation devices for depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
evaluating the efficacy and safety of calcium channel blockers as adjunctive analgesics to opioid therapy: a literature review.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a promising treatment for craving in stimulant drugs and behavioral addiction: a meta-analysis.
ten sessions of 30 min tdcs over 5 days to achieve remission in depression: a randomized pilot study.
hip fractures in patients treated with antipsychotic drugs. study of retrospective cohorts in catalonia.
efficacy of deep tms with the h1 coil for anxious depression.
serum glial cell derived neurotrophic factor (gdnf) as a predictor of response to hd-tdcs in bipolar affective disorder.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for geriatric depression.
effect of self-administered transcranial direct stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, single-blinded clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalized anxiety disorder: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt): a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
ketamine for the treatment of mental health and substance use disorders: comprehensive systematic review.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for reducing suicidal ideation in depression: a meta-analysis.
predictive roles of brain-derived neurotrophic factor val66met polymorphism on antidepressant efficacy of different forms of prefrontal brain stimulation monotherapy: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
dependence of working memory on coordinated activity across brain areas.
effects of acceptance and commitment therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on obsessive–compulsive disorder.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex shortly alleviates fatigue in patients with multiple system atrophy: a randomized controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation over the prefrontal cortex in depression modulates cortical excitability in emotion regulation regions as measured by concurrent functional magnetic resonance imaging: an exploratory study.
longitudinal neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and pharmacotherapy in major depressive disorder in older adults: phase 2 of the pride study.
validity of diagnoses, treatment dates, and rating scales in the swedish national quality register for electroconvulsive therapy.
treatment of difficult-to-treat depression–clinical guideline for selected interventions.
transcranial direct current stimulation targeting the medial prefrontal cortex modulates functional connectivity and enhances safety learning in obsessive-compulsive disorder: results from two pilot studies.
a systematic review and meta‐analysis of maintenance treatment for psychotic depression.
what is the role of placebo in neurotherapeutics?.
systematic review of preservation tms that includes continuation, maintenance, relapse-prevention, and rescue tms.
neuromodulation approaches for borderline personality disorder.
randomized trial of rtms in traumatic brain injury: improved subjective neurobehavioral symptoms and increases in eeg delta activity.
effect of modified electroconvulsive therapy on neuro metabolites and magnetic resonance spectroscopy imaging signals in patients with refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder.
accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation broadly ameliorates symptoms and cognition in alzheimer's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
anatomical and fmri-network comparison of multiple dlpfc targeting strategies for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for sleep disorders in alzheimer's disease: a double-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled pilot study.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on neuropathic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
low-dose ketamine does not improve the speed of recovery from depression in electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial.
individual interregional perfusion between the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation targets and the subgenual anterior cortex predicts response and remission to aitbs treatment in medication-resistant depression: the influence of behavioral inhibition.
a preliminary study of different treatment strategies for anxious depression.
posb288 efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of major depressive disorder after two pharmacotherapy treatment failure: meta-analysis of randomized sham controlled trials.
frontoparietal paired associative stimulation versus single-site stimulation for generalized anxiety disorder: a pilot rtms study.
cognitive dysfunction and neuropsychiatric aspects of parkinson's disease.
a double-blind randomized sham control study to assess the effects of rtms (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) on executive functioning in treatment resistant depression.
non-invasive brain stimulation in rehabilitation.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
a study protocol for an ongoing multi-arm, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial with digital features, using portable transcranial electrical stimulation and internet-based behavioral therapy for major depression disorders: the psylect study.
modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity after intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: combining findings from fnirs and fmri.
one hundred courses of cluster maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation (cm tms)—a clinical audit study.
the efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant bipolar depression.
systematic review of the treatment of bipolar disorder with mixed characteristics.
non-invasive brain stimulation modulates neural correlates of performance monitoring in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
recent innovations in non-invasive brain stimulation (nibs) for the treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression: a narrative review.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain and neuropsychiatric symptoms in traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effectiveness of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with neuropathic orofacial pain: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
importance of exploring n-methyl-d-aspartate (nmda) as a future perspective target in depression.
safety of electro-convulsive therapy in combination with duloxetine in treatment-resistant depressive patients: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of adjunctive rtms in psychogenic non-epileptic seizure in children and adolescents: a randomized double blind sham controlled study.
ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulating agents for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
does electroconvulsive therapy for patients with mood disorders extend hospital length of stays and increase inpatient costs?.
central nervous system stimulation therapies in phantom limb pain: a systematic review of clinical trials.
integration of virtual reality into transcranial magnetic stimulation improves cognitive function in patients with parkinson's disease with cognitive impairment: a proof-of-concept study.
deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
influence of tms, clinical and demographic parameters on the efficacy of rtms in depression.
brain perfusion patterns as clinical (non) predictor to aitbs treatment in medication-resistant depression.
differences in efficacy of h1-coil and 8-coil hr rtms on different dimensions of major depressive disorder: pooled sample from 2016-2022 studies in psychiatric clinic sveti ivan.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with h7-coil in the treatment of tinnitus: protocol for phase iia, proof of concept, randomized, sham-controlled, double blind clinical trial.
double-dosed non-invasive brain stimulation: is more better?.
gender differences in the efficacy of rtms treatment on major depressive disorder.
combining app-based psychological intervention with home-based transcranial direct stimulation for the treatment of depressive and anxiety symptoms: a case series.
bi-frontal tdcs can improve facial emotion recognition in major depressive disorder: an exploratory pilot study.
real world transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression in france: a multisite, naturalistic, retrospective study.
accelerated dtms in the elderly depressed: preliminary insights on safety, tolerability and applicability.
placebo and (un)specific effects of tms.
erratum: determining the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression and anxiety in methadone consumers: a randomized controlled (addictive disorders and their treatment (2021) 20 (141-145) doi: 10.1097/adt.0000000000000234).
two rtms sessions per week: a practical approach for treating major depressive disorder.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of symptoms of depression and anxiety in temporal lobe epilepsy: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for alzheimer’s disease based on apolipoprotein e genotyping: protocol for a randomized controlled study.
what works for mental health problems in youth? survey of real-world experiences of treatments and side effects.
fractional anisotropy measurements of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for therapeutic response assessment after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis patients suffering from depression.
analgesic effects of navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with acute central poststroke pain.
accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation (atms) to treat depression with treatment switching: study protocol of a pilot, randomized, delayed-start trial.
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for young individuals with high-level perceived stress: study protocol for a randomized sham-controlled trial.
adjunctive nonconvulsive electrotherapy for patients with depression: a systematic review.
treatment of mixed depression with theta-burst stimulation (tbs): results from a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.
the efficacy of tuina with herbal ointment for patients with post-stroke depression: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
drug addiction: from bench to bedside.
comparative efficacy and cognitive function of magnetic seizure therapy vs. electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of bilateral tdcs over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the cognitive abilities of men with opioid use disorder under methadone therapy: a sham-controlled clinical trial.
canadian network for mood and anxiety treatments (canmat) and international society for bipolar disorders (isbd) recommendations for the management of patients with bipolar disorder with mixed presentations.
confirmatory efficacy and safety trial of magnetic seizure therapy for depression (crest-mst): study protocol for a randomized non-inferiority trial of magnetic seizure therapy versus electroconvulsive therapy.
effect of medication therapy combined with transcranial direct current stimulation on depression and response inhibition of patients with bipolar disorder type i: a clinical trial.
cost-utility analysis of esketamine and electroconvulsive therapy in adults with treatment-resistant depression.
habitual caffeine consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of dorsomedial intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.
is transcranial direct current stimulation, alone or in combination with antidepressant medications or psychotherapies, effective in treating major depressive disorder? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
confirmatory efficacy and safety trial of magnetic seizure therapy for depression (crest-mst): protocol for identification of novel biomarkers via neurophysiology.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation on global cognition and neuropsychiatric symptoms in alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
optimizing cognitive-behavioral therapy for social anxiety disorder and understanding the mechanisms of change: study protocol for a randomized factorial trial.
physical activity and the health of wheelchair users: a systematic review in multiple sclerosis, cerebral palsy, and spinal cord injury.
long-term risk of developing dementia after electroconvulsive therapy for affective disorders.
commentary on techniques to relieve pain associated with botulinum injections for palmar and plantar hyperhidrosis.
p.0723 correlation between static and dynamic impedance in bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy and further identification of influential factors.
p.0694 pharmacological approach to psychotic depression: a retrospective study of antidepressant and antipsychotic use in a psychiatry ward.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with severe depression: a study protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression: what is new?.
effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on early motor recovery in acute stroke-a randomized controlled trial.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with brief exposure for posttraumatic stress disorder: a prospective multisite randomized trial.
electroconvulsive therapy for preventing relapse and recurrence in bipolar disorder.
future therapeutic strategies for freezing of gait in parkinson’s disease.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) and repetitive tms in multiple sclerosis.
accounting for symptom heterogeneity can improve neuroimaging models of antidepressant response after electroconvulsive therapy.
hesperetin ameliorates electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment through regulation of hippocampal bdnf and oxidative stress in a rat model of depression.
stepped care for the treatment of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of magnetic stimulation in the treatment of urinary incontinence: a systematic review and results of our study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for provoked vestibulodynia: what roles do psychosexual factors play in treatment response?.
characterizing seizure-induced changes in the glioma microenvironment.
effectiveness of noninvasive brain stimulation in the treatment of anxiety disorders: a meta-analysis of sham or behaviour-controlled studies.
a randomized sham controlled comparison of once vs twice-daily intermittent theta burst stimulation in depression: a canadian rtms treatment and biomarker network in depression (cartbind) study.
deiodinase variation and liothyronine treatment interaction to accelerate ect response in major depression: pilot data and implications for thyroid pharmacogenomic testing in mood disorders.
transcranial direct current stimulation combined with alcohol cue inhibitory control training reduces the risk of early alcohol relapse: a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial.
usefulness of hamilton rating scale for depression subset scales and full versions for electroconvulsive therapy.
stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt): a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.
evidence for nibs in post-stroke and vascular depression.
quantitative ictal electroencephalography (qeeg) comparison of focal electrically-administered seizure therapy (feast) and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
vagus nerve stimulation: changing the paradigm for chronic difficult to treat depression.
cognitive training with and without transcranial direct current stimulation in older adults with hiv-related cognitive deficits: delayed impact on mood.
a comparison of symptom-specific resting state functional connectivity biomarkers of 10 hz and itbs-rtms in treatment-resistant depression.
app-based psychological interventions and home-use brain stimulation for depression (psylect).
developing rules to change rtms protocol during an index course in light of early non-response.
prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder.
motor cortical treatment targets for chronic pelvic pain: big data, small data, and clinical trials.
exploring the role of polygenetic risk scores for mdd treatment outcome in sex and different antidepressants groups.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) to decrease disgust and moral rigidity. implications for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd).
analysis of secondary behavioral outcomes in patients undergoing tdcs and cbt for pain and opioid misuse.
neuroversion: a possible mechanism of action of ect in acute mania.
variability in tms-eeg response can partially be described by the phase of ongoing brain oscillation.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation reduces amygdala activation during perception of negative picture stimuli in depression.
the influence of sample and treatment characteristics on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
electrophysiological and behavioral effects of bilateral and unilateral rtms on rumination and depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of bipolar depression.
the consortium of researchers for ect (core) - past, present and future.
overview of a large transcranial magnetic stimulation patient outcomes database.
how to use multimodal neuroimaging to personalize rtms parameters for depression treatment.
clinical tms in veterans decreases measures that predict suicide risk.
cranial electrotherapy stimulation after transcranial magnetic stimulation for maintenance of improvement in treatment-resistant depression: a pilot study.
deep brain stimulation of the ventral capsule/ ventral striatum for treatment-resistant depression: a decade of clinical follow-up.
electroconvulsive therapy for acute affective episodes in people with bipolar disorder.
modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex glutamate/glutamine levels following repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in young adults with autism.
effects of treatment refractoriness and brain-derived neurotrophic factor val66met polymorphism on antidepressant response to low-dose ketamine infusion.
treatment of major depressive disorder with bilateral theta burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial (tbs-d).
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for cognitive function in adults with bipolar disorder: a pilot study.
a systematic review on neuromodulation therapies for reducing body weight in patients with obesity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for smoking cessation: a pivotal multicenter double-blind randomized controlled trial.
a randomized clinical trial of in-person vs. home-based telemedicine delivery of prolonged exposure for ptsd in military sexual trauma survivors.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
a new approach to assess blinding for transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with fibromyalgia. a randomized clinical trial.
can the addition of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy to pharmacotherapy improve relapse prevention in severe major depressive disorder? a randomized controlled trial.
clinical applications of brain-oscillation synchronized brain stimulation.
local and remote perfusion changes after aitbs treatment in depressed patients.
characteristics of attention bias in patients with depression disorder, and the influence of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy on the attention bias.
transcrani̇al magneti̇c sti̇mulati̇on over orbi̇tofrontal cortex in obsessi̇ve compulsi̇ve di̇sorder: a double-blind placebo-controlled tri̇al.
8.2 adapting and innovating transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) interventions for child and adolescent psychiatric disorders.
5.3 repetitive transcranial stimulation as a treatment intervention for transition-age youth on the autism spectrum.
5.2 nurturing neuromodulation in child and adolescent psychiatry: lessons learned from recent studies in autism spectrum disorder and depression.
a novel technique for accurate electrode placement over cortical targets for transcranial electrical stimulation (tes) clinical trials.
adding a low dose of fentanyl to propofol in patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial.
effectiveness of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation and physical exercise in women with fibromyalgia: a randomized controlled trial.
long-term effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in alzheimer's dementia.
magnitude of the placebo response across treatment modalities used for treatment-resistant depression in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulators for depression in adults with unipolar major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder: a systematic review and network meta-analysis: la stimulation magnétique transcrânienne répétitive pour le traitement du trouble de stress post-traumatique : une revue systématique et une méta-analyse en réseau.
the impact of thoracic epidural analgesia versus four quadrant transversus abdominis plane block on quality of recovery after cytoreductive surgery with hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy surgery: a single-center, noninferiority, randomized, controlled trial.
relapse following bitemporal and high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression.
therapeutic efficacy of connectivity-directed transcranial magnetic stimulation on anticipatory anhedonia.
the effects of intensity on a phonological treatment for anomia in post-stroke aphasia.
neurophysiological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in treatment resistant depression.
blood transcriptional response to treatment-resistant depression during electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy of ehealth interventions for adults with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and its role in suicidality – a systematic review.
the effects of individual cognitive behavior therapy on nausea and vomiting of pregnancy: a quasi-experimental study.
accelerated theta burst stimulation for the treatment of depression: a randomised controlled trial.
a patient-oriented analysis of pain side effect: a step to improve the patient's experience during rtms?.
the long-term effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of intractable insomnia.
corrigendum to, ‘accelerated theta burst stimulation for the treatment of depression: a randomised controlled trial’ [brain stimulat. 14(5) (2021) 1095–1105] (brain stimulation (2021) 14(5) (1095–1105), (s1935861x2100156x), (10.1016/j.brs.2021.07.018)).
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for major depression – interim analysis of cloud supervised technical data from the depressiondc trial.
neuromodulatory treatments for psychiatric disease: a comprehensive survey of the clinical trial landscape.
comparison of left unilateral tms treatment vs. sequential bilateral treatment in a large registry cohort.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression during pregnancy: a case series.
efficacy of unilateral vs. bilateral rtms treatment on suicidal ideation in patients with depression and comorbid anxiety.
reintroduction tms as a strategy for maintenance treatment for adolescents with treatment resistant depression.
itbs combined with cognitive behavioral therapy for treatment resistance depression (trd).
early course phq-9 score reduction predicts outcomes in rtms for major depressive disorder.
the efficacy of measurement-based care for depressive disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus sham ect for depression: do study limitations invalidate the evidence (and mean we should stop using ect)?.
on this month's round the corner: i welcome the argument about ect.
adjuvant high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation for negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a pilot study.
exploring the usefulness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of pain and fatigue in parkinson's disease.
improvement of excessive daytime sleepiness with low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in parkinson's disease: a preliminary sham-controlled study.
effects of low frequency repetitive transcranial stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal region on clinical symptoms and sleep structure of parkinson's disease abstract.
cerebellar tdcs for multiple system atrophy cerebellar: double blinded, randomized, sham-control, cross-over study.
clinical effectiveness of non-tms neurostimulation in depression: clinical trials from 2010 to 2020.
repeated sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation on adolescents with autism spectrum disorder: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled clinical trial.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) and concurrent cognitive training on episodic memory in patients with traumatic brain injury: a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression and cognition in individuals with traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
treatment of postoperative delirium with continuous theta burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
tdcs randomized controlled trials in no-structural diseases: a quantitative review.
pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions to enhance sleep in mild cognitive impairment and mild alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) versus transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the management of patients with fibromyalgia: a randomized controlled trial.
aerobic exercise combined with transcranial direct current stimulation over the prefrontal cortex in parkinson disease: effects on cortical activity, gait, and cognition.
efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy plus medication versus medication alone in acute mania: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
effects of combined and alone transcranial motor cortex stimulation and mirror therapy in phantom limb pain: a randomized factorial trial.
effects of high-frequency prefrontal rtms on heart frequency rates and blood pressure in schizophrenia.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation in decreasing depression symptoms during the peripartum period: a systematic review.
comparing the impact of multi-session left dorsolateral prefrontal and primary motor cortex neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (nrtms) on chronic pain patients.
cognitive adverse effect of electroconvulsive therapy: is it preventable?.
neurotherapeutics for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd): a review.
pl2. noninvasive brain stimulation – the past, the present and the future.
effects of n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (nmdar) and ca2dependent protein kinase iiα (camkiiα) on learning and memory impairment in depressed rats with different charge by modified electroconvulsive shock.
a preliminary study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of first-episode late-life depression.
deep brain stimulation for treatment resistant depression: a decade of clinical follow-up.
determinants of sham response in tdcs depression trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a secondary analysis on effects of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation to reduce anger in veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder.
long-term effects of self-administered transcranial direct current stimulation in episodic migraine prevention: results of a randomized controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of concussion: a systematic review.
rekindling action language: a neuromodulatory study on parkinson’s disease patients.
the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression, anxiety, and stress in patients with epilepsy: a randomized clinical trial.
willingness to pay for a quality-adjusted life year for depressive disorders compared to heart disease based on population preferences.
cortical thickness in the right anterior cingulate cortex relates to clinical response to left prefrontal accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation: an exploratory study.
cannabidiol modulation of hippocampal glutamate in early psychosis.
efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
objective electrophysiological fatigability markers and their modulation through tdcs.
clinical and functional connectivity outcomes of 5-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment in cocaine use disorder: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
dorsomedial prefrontal theta burst stimulation to treat anhedonia, avolition, and blunted affect in schizophrenia or depression – a randomized controlled trial.
parsing the antidepressant effects of non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacotherapy: a symptom clustering approach on elect-tdcs.
therapeutic neurostimulation in obsessive-compulsive and related disorders: a systematic review.
meta-analysis of brain structural changes after electroconvulsive therapy in depression.
the growing role of cognitive behavior therapy in the treatment of parkinson’s disease.
intensified electrical stimulation targeting lateral and medial prefrontal cortices for the treatment of social anxiety disorder: a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, dose-comparison study.
an update on medical and surgical treatments of parkinson's disease.
the influence of acute ssri administration on white matter microstructure in patients suffering from major depressive disorder and healthy controls.
cognitive function after electroconvulsive therapy for depression: relationship to clinical response.
acupuncture and derived therapies for pain in palliative cancer management: systematic review and meta-analysis based on single-arm and controlled trials.
unchanged cognitive performance and concurrent prefrontal blood oxygenation after accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: a sham-controlled study.
a systematic review of neuromodulation treatment effects on suicidality.
challenging control over emotions in borderline personality disorder - a tdcs study.
magnetic seizure therapy for treatment-resistant depression.
effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) on cognition.
improved pre-attentive processing with occipital rtms treatment in major depressive disorder patients revealed by mmn.
feasibility and effect of electroacupuncture on cognitive function domains in patients with mild cognitive impairment: a pilot exploratory randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for cognitive impairment in alzheimer’s disease and its impact on self-rated quality of life and caregiver’s burden.
impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on theory of mind and executive function in major depressive disorder and its correlation with brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
in-vivo imaging of targeting and modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation: a randomized clinical trial.
effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on implicit motor learning and language-related brain function: an fmri study.
strategies to prolong ketamine’s efficacy in adults with treatment-resistant depression.
efficacy and acceptability of pharmacological, psychosocial, and brain stimulation interventions in children and adolescents with mental disorders: an umbrella review.
advances in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for posttraumatic stress disorder: a systematic review.
reduce depression and anxiety in methadone users with transcranial direct current stimulation.
transcranial magnetic stimulation as a translational biomarker for ampa receptor modulation.
theta burst stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a systematic review of the association between perinatal depression and cognitive development in infancy in low and middleincome countries.
effectiveness and acceptance of technology-based psychological interventions for the acute treatment of unipolar depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
concurrent treatment of ptsd and sud using prolonged exposure: effectiveness for veterans exposed to military sexual trauma.
effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation on cognitive functioning and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression.
long-term symptom relief in severe treatment-resistant depression using subcallosal cingulate dbs.
transcranial electrical stimulation is safe and efficient in patients with systemic autoimmune myopathies.
placebo response in treatment resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of multiple treatment modalities.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of neuromodulation procedures in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
down and high: reflections regarding depression and cannabis.
pridopidine for the improvement of motor function in patients with huntington's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation transcranial magnetic stimulation increases gaba in the medial prefrontal cortex: a preliminary sham-controlled magnetic resonance spectroscopy study in acute bipolar depression.
neurophysiological changes after paired brain and spinal cord stimulation coupled with locomotor training in human spinal cord injury.
effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on the psychomotor, cognitive, and motor performances of power athletes.
ontario health technology assessment series: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for people with treatment-resistant depression: a health technology assessment.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex alters emotional modulation of spinal nociception.
speed of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: effects of electrode placement.
a double-blind sham-controlled phase 1 clinical trial of tdcs of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in cocaine inpatients: craving, sleepiness, and contemplation to change.
treatment effect variability in brain stimulation across psychiatric disorders: a meta-analysis of variance.
can seizure therapies and noninvasive brain stimulations prevent suicidality? a systematic review.
motor cortex transcranial direct current stimulation effects on knee osteoarthritis pain in elderly subjects with dysfunctional descending pain inhibitory system: a randomized controlled trial.
is the response to rtms largely the result of non-specific effects?.
cortical thickness changes following accelerated neuromodulation therapy for treatment-resistant depression predict depression scores at one-month.
clinical outcomes in a large registry of patients with major depressive disorder treated with transcranial magnetic stimulation.
differential changes in resting-state functional connectivity imparted by rapidly-acting antidepressant treatments.
safe use of intermittent theta burst stimulation in veterans with alcohol use disorder.
structural network plasticity after rtms treatment in depression.
enhancing cognition in older persons: a pilot clinical trial of mindfulness-based stress reduction (mbsr) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
circulating quinolinic acid is reduced following behavioral activation therapy in major depressive disorder.
a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial of accelerated intermittent theta-burst (aitbs) for treatment-resistant depression.
structural changes induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in depression.
comparison of prolactin and cortisol response to magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
electroconvulsive therapy with a memory reactivation intervention for post-traumatic stress disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
targeting location relates to treatment response in active but not sham rtms stimulation.
use of electroconvulsive therapy in adolescents-a retrospective survey on 12-to 17-year-old patients at three university hospitals in germany.
the australian tms debate.
the role of transcranial magnetic stimulation in anxiety disorders: a review of the literature.
structural correlates underlying accelerated magnetic stimulation in parkinson's disease.
does cathodal vs. sham transcranial direct current stimulation over contralesional motor cortex enhance upper limb motor recovery post-stroke? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a three-arm parallel-group dose-response randomized pilot trial.
treatment for major depressive disorder by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in different parameters: a randomized double-blinded controlled trial.
influence of an adjuvant antidepressant on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a happiness magnet? reviewing the evidence for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder.
identification of psychiatric disorder subtypes from functional connectivity patterns in resting-state electroencephalography.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomised trial with neurophysiological insight.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
accelerated brain aging predicts impulsivity and symptom severity in depression.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on working memory performance and brain structure in people with schizophrenia spectrum disorders: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapeutic and probe in schizophrenia: examining the role of neuroimaging and future directions.
a systematic review of ketamine for the treatment of depression among older adults.
sustaining remission of psychotic depression: the stop-pd ii study treatment risks and benefits in late life.
diagnosing and treating major depressive episodes that lie along the mood disorders spectrum: focus on depression with mixed features.
combination therapy of transcranial magnetic stimulation with ketamine for patients with treatment-resistant depression.
eeg and ecg based response predictors in depression: time for personalised medicine or treatment stratification?.
effect of electrode placement on speed of response to ect.
modulating inhibitory control processes using individualized high definition theta transcranial alternating current stimulation (hd θ-tacs) of the anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex.
determining the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on tinnitus and tinnitus-related outcomes: protocol for a systematic review.
efficacy of active vs sham intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
effects of tdcs on neuroplasticity and inflammatory biomarkers in bipolar depression: results from a sham-controlled study.
efficacy and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a preliminary study of adjunctive nonconvulsive electrotherapy for treatment-refractory depression.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on anxiety symptoms in patients with major depression: an analysis from the three-d trial.
distinct trajectories of response to prefrontal tdcs in major depression: results from a 3-arm randomized controlled trial.
right unilateral versus bilateral formula-based electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients: a randomised, open label, pilot controlled trial.
post-stroke depression: chaos to exposition.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and multicomponent therapy in patients with fibromyalgia: a randomized controlled trial.
impact of bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on decision-making and stress reactivity. a pilot study.
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on emotional processing in apathetic patients with parkinson's disease: a placebo-controlled erp study.
a comparison of 15 minute vs 30 minute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation sessions for treatment resistant depression – are longer treatment sessions more effective?.
left versus right subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
nonpharmacological interventions for relapse prevention in unipolar depression: a network meta-analysis.
a direct comparison of neuronavigated and non-neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of depression.
p.301 bilateral theta-burst stimulation improves affective symptoms but not executive functions in major depressive disorder.
p.303 augmenting strategies for treatment-resistant major depression using atypical antipsychotics.
burning mouth syndrome: a state of the art review for the oral healthcare provider.
active placebo, the parachute meta-analysis, the nobel prize, and the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on meta-worry and neuropsychological functions among patients with depression.
is ketamine an appropriate alternative to ect for patients with treatment resistant depression? a systematic review.
cognitive outcomes of the bipolar depression electrical treatment trial (better): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
association between tdcs computational modeling and clinical outcomes in depression: data from the elect-tdcs trial.
longitudinal effects of rtms on neuroplasticity in chronic treatment-resistant depression.
a pilot investigation of accelerated deep transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols in treatment-resistant depression.
effects of bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on brain glutamate levels and resting state connectivity: multimodal mri data for the cathodal stimulation site.
electroconvulsive therapy pulse amplitude and clinical outcomes.
role of rtms in the treatment of cognitive impairments in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: a review of randomized controlled trials.
trial design of comparing patient-specific versus weight-based protocols to treat vaso-occlusive episodes in sickle cell disease (compare-voe).
clinical and neurophysiological effects of the therapeutic combination of high-frequency rhythmic transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor and frontal cortex in parkinson’s disease.
systematic review of biological markers of therapeutic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in neurological and psychiatric disorders.
effects of high-frequency neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in fibromyalgia syndrome: a double-blinded, randomized controlled study.
prescription opioid use and risk for major depressive disorder and anxiety and stress-related disorders: a multivariable mendelian randomization analysis.
non-invasive brain stimulation effectiveness in anxiety disorder treatment: a meta-analysis on sham/behavior-controlled studies.
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
non-pharmacological treatment for parkinson disease patients with depression: a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral treatment.
neuronavigation based 10 sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy in chronic migraine: an exploratory study.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with failed back surgery syndrome: a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled study.
new approaches based on non-invasive brain stimulation and mental representation techniques targeting pain in parkinson’s disease patients: two study protocols for two randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
recent updates on electro-convulsive therapy in patients with depression.
improvement in borderline personality disorder symptomatology after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex: preliminary results.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adolescents: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
electroconvulsive therapy for parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
frontal transcranial direct current stimulation as a potential treatment of parkinson’s disease-related fatigue.
efficacy and safety of multi-session transcranial direct current stimulation on social cognition in schizophrenia: a study protocol for an open-label, single-arm trial.
efficacy and safety of tdcs and tacs in treatment of major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind, factorial placebo-controlled study design.
reduced synaptic plasticity contributes to resistance against constant-stimulus electroconvulsive treatment in a rat model of stress-induced depression.
neurostimulation methods in the treatment of depression: a comparison of rtms, tdcs, and venlafaxine using a pooled analysis of two studies.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the cognitive impairment induced by sleep deprivation: a randomized trial.
subanesthetic dose of ketamine for the antidepressant effects and the associated cognitive impairments of electroconvulsive therapy in elderly patients—a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of adolescent attention deficit/ hyperactivity disorder: a narrative review of literature.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of depression in adolescence: a systematic review.
non-invasive brain stimulation for parkinson's disease: clinical evidence, latest concepts and future goals: a systematic review.
perisynaptic astrocytes as a potential target for novel antidepressant drugs.
management of primary headaches during pregnancy, postpartum, and breastfeeding: a systematic review.
anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic migraine and medication overuse headache: a pilot double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
efficacy, safety and tolerability of formula-based unilateral vs bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression: a randomized open label controlled trial.
is tdcs a potential first line treatment for major depression?.
an updated meta-analysis: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating tinnitus.
bright light therapy accelerates the antidepressant effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a pilot study.
using a machine learning approach to investigate factors associated with treatment-resistant depression among adults with chronic non-cancer pain conditions and major depressive disorder.
efficacy of manual therapy on psychological status and pain in patients with neck pain a randomized clinical trial.
immediate and short-term efficacy of suicide-targeted interventions in suicidal individuals: a systematic review.
cognitive aftereffects of acute tdcs coupled with cognitive training: an fmri study in healthy seniors.
a preliminary randomized controlled trial of different treatment regimens for melancholic depression.
esketamine nasal spray for rapid reduction of depressive symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder who have active suicide ideation with intent: results of a phase 3, double-blind, randomized study (aspire ii).
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: basic principles and future directions.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder.
a randomized controlled trial of high rate rtms versus rtms and amitriptyline in chronic migraine.
the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a scoping review.
use of non-invasive stimulation in movement disorders: a critical review.
clinical effect and adverse reactions of modified electroconvulsive therapy for refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder.
effects and safety of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in trigeminal neuralgia.
appraising the effectiveness of electrical and magnetic brain stimulation techniques in acute major depressive episodes: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.
the difficult task of diagnosing depression in elderly people with cancer: a systematic review.
melatonin serum level, sleep functions, and depression level after bilateral anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with parkinson's disease: a feasibility study.
effects of competence feedback on therapist competence and patient outcome: a randomized controlled trial.
unstructured group support enhances compliance to pharmacological treatment by improving social cognition in patients with bipolar disorder: a pilot fmri study.
pramipexole in bipolar depression: a literature review and clinical recommendations.
electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression in anorexia nervosa.
pharmacotherapy prescriptions for relapse prevention of psychotic depression after electroconvulsive therapy.
personalized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for primary progressive aphasia.
task-related functional magnetic resonance imaging-based neuronavigation for the treatment of depression by individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the visual cortex.
association of therapies with reduced pain and improved quality of life in patients with fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
verbal fluency in mild alzheimer's disease: transcranial direct current stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the modulation of cortical and spinal cord excitability in individuals with spinal cord injury.
impact of active and sham bifrontal rtms on cholinergic system in treatment-resistant depression and connection to treatment response: a preliminary study.
accurate dlpfc targeting improves itbs response in treatment resistant depression and alters tms-eeg markers of cortical excitation.
antidepressant response of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy: response trajectories by symptom clusters.
intensive tms in treatment refractory patients with major depressive disorder: a pilot replication.
predicting treatment response to transcranial magnetic stimulation using an exponential decay function.
baseline memory function affects memory outcome in older adults with major depressive disorder treated with acute course electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine.
low-frequency rtms inhibits the anti-depressive effect of ect. a pilot study.
effects of multisession transcranial direct current stimulation as an augmentation to cognitive tasks in patients with neurocognitive disorders in japan: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
theta-burst stimulation for cognitive enhancement in parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
effect of magnetic stimulation of shenmen point on cognitive function of chronic insomnia: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
comparison of the effects of intravenous propofol and inhalational desflurane on the quality of early recovery after hand-assisted laparoscopic donor nephrectomy: a prospective, randomised controlled trial.
the role of left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in episodic migraine prophylaxis.
the effects of vagus nerve stimulation on the course and outcomes of patients with bipolar disorder in a treatment-resistant depressive episode: a 5-year prospective registry.
cognitive improvement effects of electroacupuncture combined with computer-based cognitive rehabilitation in patients with mild cognitive impairment: a randomized controlled trial.
double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects of standard ultra-brief right unilateral ect to 0.5 a low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st).
parcel-guided rtms for depression.
effectiveness and safety of ketamine for unipolar depression: a systematic review.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar disorder.
the management of subacute and chronic vascular aphasia: an updated review.
pain management in burn patients.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation along with a hypocaloric diet on weight loss in excessive weight people: a pilot randomized clinical trial.
metacognitive therapy for bipolar ii disorder: a single case series study.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for peripartum depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
good, better, best: clinical scenarios for the use of l-methylfolate in patients with mdd.
the effect of pulse width on subjective memory impairment and remission rate 6 months after electroconvulsive therapy.
electrocardiogram corrected q-t interval predicts response to vagus nerve stimulation in depression.
low frequency right sided and high frequency left sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: the evidence of equivalence.
baseline predictors of cognitive change in the treatment of major depressive episode: systematic review.
rtms modulates precuneus-hippocampal subregion circuit in patients with subjective cognitive decline.
non-invasive brain and spinal stimulation for pain and related symptoms in multiple sclerosis: a systematic review.
transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment to cognitive-behavior therapy in first episode drug-naïve major depression patients: the esap study protocol.
a randomized sham-controlled trial of 1-hz and 10-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in civilian post-traumatic stress disorder: un essai randomisé contrôlé simulé de stimulation magnétique transcrânienne repetitive (smtr) de 1 hz et 10 hz du cortex préfrontal dorsolatéral droit dans le trouble de stress post-traumatique chez des civils.
influence of transcranial direct current stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression.
clozapine: an updated overview of pharmacogenetic biomarkers, risks, and safety—particularities in the context of covid-19.
antidepressant effects of ketamine and ect: a pilot comparison.
treating major depression and comorbid disorders with transcranial magnetic stimulation.
transcranial direct current stimulation: a novel approach in the treatment of vascular depression.
induction of ltd-like corticospinal plasticity by low-frequency rtms depends on pre-stimulus phase of sensorimotor μ-rhythm.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary motor cortex relieves musculoskeletal pain in patients with parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a novel way of augmentation?.
p.414 neuronavigated and individualized alpha frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-refractory schizophrenia.
p.263 outcome of treatment in clinical practice compared to a clinical trial in treatment-resistant depression: a matched adjusted indirect comparison.
p.296 interhemispheric imbalance of motor cortex excitability in affective disorders – a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): a large-scale retrospective clinical data analysis indicating rtms as effective treatment for generalized anxiety disorder (gad).
stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (saint-trd) induces rapid remission from treatment-resistant depression in a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.
use of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression in mu health care: effectiveness and outcome.
outcomes and feasibility from the first tms specific web-based intervention.
theta burst and standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder at a suburban tertiary clinic.
systematic review and meta-analysis comparing itbs vs. tms vs. sham in randomized controlled trials.
a multicenter, randomized, sham-controlled trial of left prefrontal, 10 hz, transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents with treatment resistant depression.
low frequency (1hz) dtms h1 coil over the right dlpfc for late life trd: case report.
“the efficacy of rtms with psychotherapy, sleep modifications & exercise.”.
audio-guided mindfulness meditation during tms sessions for the treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd): a feasibility pilot study.
preliminary characteristic of 45 patient of the study placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of using deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (emtp) in smoking cessation.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain: treating comorbid pain and depression pilot study.
elderly tms response and duration: a 6 month study.
outcomes of standard rtms treatment compared to theta burst protocol for major depressive disorder in a naturalistic setting.
effectiveness of multiple rtms treatments per day for depressive disorder at living mind, uk.
comparison of naturalistic treatment outcomes with the standard 38-minute protocol vs. shortened (“dash”) protocol: a neurostar® registry database study.
neuronavigation guided rtms in alleviating gulf war illness symptoms.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for pain, headache and co-morbid depression: ins-nans expert consensus panel review and recommendation.
combination therapy with transcranial magnetic stimulation and ketamine for treatment-resistant depression: a long-term retrospe.
theta burst but not standard stimulation resulting in treatment emergent affective switching (teas): an inter-subject case-control series of two patients.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation on cognitive functioning in brain disorders: a meta-analysis.
comparison of rapid antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of intramuscular ketamine, oral ketamine, and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a pilot study.
effects of the trinity hospice care model on pain relief and compliance in advanced elderly cancer patients.
effects of tms on eating behavior and weight loss in weight regain patients after bariatric surgery.
transcranial magnetic stimulation-induced plasticity mechanisms: tms-related gene expression and morphology changes in a human neuron-like cell model.
neuroimaging in the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for patient with depression: a protocol for a coordinate-based meta-analysis.
treating post-traumatic stress disorder with neuromodulation therapies: transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and deep brain stimulation.
neuronavigation-guided rtms for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
effects of bilateral transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and global cognition in older patients with remitted major depression: a pilot randomized clinical trial.
24.3 high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adolescents: the first multicenter active vs sham multicenter trial.
10.2 can magnets cure depression?: a systematic review of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescent depression.
the comparison of hemodynamic effect of propofol and thiopental during electroconvulsive therapy: a prospective randomized controlled trial.
modified electroconvulsive therapy in a resource-challenged setting: comparison of two doses (0.5 mg/kg and 1 mg/kg) of suxamethonium chloride.
transcranial direct current stimulation for fatigue in patients with sjogren's syndrome: a randomized, double-blind pilot study.
response shift in self-reported depression outcomes during treatment-resistant depression.
advances in treatment for postpartum major depressive disorder.
exploring theta burst stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder in australian veterans-a pilot study.
cognitive remediation following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with treatment resistant depression: randomized controlled trail of an intervention for relapse prevention - study protocol.
intermittent theta burst stimulation over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex modulates resting-state connectivity in depressive patients: a sham-controlled study.
the combination of propofol and ketamine does not enhance clinical responses to electroconvulsive therapy in major depression—the results from the keops study.
magnetic seizure therapy is efficacious and well tolerated for treatment-resistant bipolar depression: an open-label clinical trial.
how to treat mania.
a randomized controlled trial of a standard 4-week protocol of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe treatment resistant depression.
plasma circular rna dym related to major depressive disorder and rapid antidepressant effect treated by visual cortical repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the flow brain stimulation headset for the treatment of depression: overview of its safety, efficacy and portable design.
accelerated itbs treatment applied to the left dlpfc in depressed patients results in a rapid volume increase in the left hippocampal dentate gyrus, not driven by brain perfusion.
the benefits and costs of changing treatment technique in electroconvulsive therapy due to insufficient improvement of a major depressive episode.
change in core symptoms of borderline personality disorder by tdcs: a pilot study.
treatment of depression after traumatic brain injury: a systematic review focused on pharmacological and neuromodulatory interventions.
post-stroke depression: a 2020 updated review.
a two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial comparing focal electrically-administered seizure therapy (feast) and right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (rul-ubp ect).
non-pharmacological treatment for parkinson's disease patients with depression: a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral treatment.
a case of improved psychotic depression and motor symptoms in parkinson's disease following electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
maladaptive motor cortex plasticity off medication in parkinson's disease patients with levodopa-induced dyskinesias.
effect of combined modality treatment on sustained phonation in parkinson's disease.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with intensive physical therapy in cerebellar ataxia: a pilot study.
high-frequency rtms over the primary motor cortex relieves musculoskeletal pain in parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
effects of quinolone and poloxamer otic suspension on tympanic membrane of rats.
the management of depression following traumatic brain injury: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
pain trajectories of dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation versus sham treatment in depression.
novel tms for stroke and depression (notsad): accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a safe and effective treatment for post-stroke depression.
the therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in elderly depression patients.
the psychopharmacology algorithm project at the harvard south shore program: an update on bipolar depression.
brain stimulation in eating disorders: state of the art and future perspectives.
what do we know about transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression?.
interventions to address health outcomes among autistic adults: a systematic review.
the impact of anodal tdcs on the attentional networks as a function of trait anxiety and depressive symptoms: a preregistered double-blind sham-controlled experiment.
comparison of the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) plus agomelatine to ect plus placebo in treatment-resistant depression.
modulation of self-appraisal of illness, medication adherence, life quality and autonomic functioning by transcranial direct current stimulation in schizophrenia patients.
vascular endothelial growth factor and pigment epithelial-derived factor in the peripheral response to ketamine.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression symptoms and cognitive function in treating patients with postpartum depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
impact of comorbid ptsd on outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for veterans with depression.
the effect of adding dexmedetomidine on change in heart rate and blood pressure after induction of anesthesia with thiopental sodium in electroconvulsive therapy.
effect of low frequency repetitive magnetic stimulation at shenmen (ht7) on sleep quality in patients with chronic insomnia.
connectivity guided theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant moderate to severe depression: study protocol for a randomised double-blind controlled trial (brightmind).
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in depressed hemodialysis patients: a pilot study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depressive episodes.
indirect frontocingulate structural connectivity predicts clinical response to accelerated rtms in major depressive disorder.
high-frequency versus theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of poststroke cognitive impairment in humans.
effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy in patients with “less treatment-resistant” depression by the maudsley staging model.
treating refractory obsessive–compulsive disorder with transcranial direct current stimulation: an open label study.
precision non-implantable neuromodulation therapies: a perspective for the depressed brain.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation moderates interaction between increment of n-acetyl-aspartate in anterior cingulate and improvement of unipolar depression.
brain functional effects of electroconvulsive therapy during emotional processing in major depressive disorder.
“a systematic review of non-invasive neurostimulation for the treatment of depression during pregnancy”.
cognitive and emotional predictors of real versus sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment response in methamphetamine use disorder.
a synergistic effect between family intervention and rtms improves cognitive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a randomized controlled trial.
non-pharmacological interventions for methamphetamine use disorder: a systematic review.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation using miniaturized devices vs sertraline for depression in korea: a 6 week, multicenter, randomized, double blind, active-controlled study.
ect non­remitters: prognosis and treatment after 12 unilateral electroconvulsive therapy sessions for major depression.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on sleep quality among insomnia and other clinical populations: a systematic review.
stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (saint) remissionrates in treatment resistant depression.
the truth about electroconvulsive therapy: a new era of knowledge. clinical predictors of therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy.
neuromodulation of gamma-range auditory steady-state responses: a scoping review of brain stimulation studies.
how have predictors, moderators, mediators, treatment response, remission and resistance been defined and measured in randomised controlled trials for adolescent depression? a scoping review protocol.
efficacy of the whole-body cryotherapy as add-on therapy to pharmacological treatment of depression—a randomized controlled trial.
developments in treating the nonmotor symptoms of stroke.
a randomized, crossover comparison of ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for treatment of major depressive episodes: a canadian biomarker integration network in depression (can-bind) study protocol.
brain-derived neurotrophic factor blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on sleep quality and depression symptoms in patients with major depression and insomnia.
transcranial magnetic stimulation to reduce suicidality – a review and naturalistic outcomes.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in traumatic brain injury: evidence from animal and human studies.
a randomized controlled trial of video psychoeducation for electroconvulsive therapy in the united states.
shudi pingchan decoction combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of parkinson's disease with sleep disorders.
effects of ketamine anesthesia on efficacy, tolerability, seizure response, and neurocognitive outcomes in electroconvulsive therapy: a comprehensive meta-analysis of double-blind randomized controlled trials.
the role of the inferior parietal lobule in writer's cramp.
evaluation of engagement with an incentivized text messaging (tm) intervention in teens with t1d and suboptimal glycemic control.
efficacy, safety, and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation in mixed depression: design, rationale, and objectives of a randomized, double- blinded, sham-controlled trial.
pharmacological, psychological and non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for preventing depression after stroke.
anodal tdcs over the left prefrontal cortex does not cause clinically significant changes in circulating metabolites.
global connectivity and local excitability changes underlie antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
considerations and current trends in the management of the geriatric patient on a consultation–liaison service.
interventions for tic disorders: an updated overview of systematic reviews and meta analyses.
a randomized, double blind, sham-controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
evaluation of the effects of rtms on self-reported quality of life and disability in treatment-resistant depression: a three-d study.
medical, surgical, and genetic treatment of huntington disease.
predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: an analysis from the randomised non-inferiority three-d trial.
coffee consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
grey matter covariance predicts response to rtms in depression.
use of eeg signals to understand variability in rtms treatment.
differential effects of ketamine on peripheral blood vegfa and pedf(serpinf1) mrna in patients with depression.
double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects & antidepressant efficacy of standard ultra brief pulse right unilateral (ubp-rul) ect versus low amplitude-titrated seizure therapy (lap-st).
convergent multimodal imaging biomarkers of transmodal antidepressant treatment response: preliminary findings.
treatment of suicidality in bipolar depression with magnetic seizure therapy: clinical effects and neurophysiological correlates.
a multicenter randomized, sham-controlled trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation as monotherapy in depressed adolescents.
resting-state functional connectivity predicted age difference in major depressive disorder is associated with attentional impulsivity and antidepressant response to transcranial magnetic stimulation.
assessing and stabilizing aberrant neuroplasticity in autism spectrum disorder using transcranial magnetic stimulation: results from a proof-of-principle study.
factor structure of the hamilton depression rating scale during electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy in the treatment of major depression.
a double randomized controlled trial of twice vs. once daily intermittent theta burst stimulation.
combining tdcs and cognitive training for people with severe mental illness: preliminary findings.
cognitive effects of brief and ultrabrief pulse bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy: a randomised controlled proof-of-concept trial.
efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
efficacy and tolerability of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
cost-utility analysis of curative and maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial protocol.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on relapse, anxiety, and depression in patients with opioid dependence under methadone maintenance treatment: a pilot study.
an electroencephalographic signature predicts antidepressant response in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for pain, headache, and comorbid depression: ins-nans expert consensus panel review and recommendation.
antidepressant and neurocognitive effects of serial ketamine administration versus ect in depressed patients.
incisionless mr-guided focused ultrasound deep brain modulation: technical considerations and current therapeutic approaches in psychiatric disorders.
neurotherapy for depression in adolescents – a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled tdcs clinical trial.
toward personalized rtms treatments in alzheimer's disease: a novel mri-tailored network-based approach.
baseline structural brain characteristics are correlated with clinical response to accelerated itbs in depression patients.
effects of itbs at personalized left dlpfc sites on default mode network in healthy subjects.
multimodal imaging in elect-tdcs: associations of cortical structure and functional connectivity with depression outcomes after tdcs treatment.
multimodality approach evaluating cortical networks in task specific dystonia.
default mode network alterations after 10 hz rtms in healthy subjects.
clinical effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on the amount of daily activity and sleep in parkinson's disease patients.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) with 2 ma and 4 ma for the treatment of a multiple sclerosis symptom cluster – a pilot study.
novel non-invasive brain stimulation protocol to rapidly ensure the safety of inpatients with depression & suicidality.
efficacy of repetitive dual-site paired associative transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation over the supplementary motor area in tourette syndrome: preliminary findings of a randomized controlled trial.
treatment refractoriness in rtms and tbs trials: findings from a large meta-analysis.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
effects of bdnf genotypes on the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression : a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
individualized theta-burst stimulation of parietal-hippocampal functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
treatment resistant depression: rtms combined with light therapy, a novel approach.
comparison of the efficacy and safety of melatonin and memantine in the alleviation of cognitive impairments induced by electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized clinical trial.
treatment parameters and rationale for the use of electroconvulsive therapy for the management of treatment-refractory agitation in alzheimer's disease.
diagnosing cognitive decline: comparing nia-aa to dsm-5 approaches.
ect amplitude and clinical outcomes.
comparison of the speed of remission between bilateral and right unilateral ect in a cohort of geriatric psychiatry patients.
dissociable effects of tdcs polarity on latent decision processes are associated with individual differences in neurochemical concentrations and cortical morphology.
the cinp guidelines on the definition and evidence-based interventions for treatment-resistant bipolar disorder.
safety, tolerability, and nocebo phenomena during transcranial magnetic stimulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials.
influence of electroconvulsive therapy on white matter structure in a diffusion tensor imaging study.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in office workers with treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
antidepressant adherence and alternative future options in pacific islander youth.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating negative symptoms in schizophrenia: the follow-up phase.
schizoaffective disorder-depressive episode and electroconvulsive therapy.
a review of non-invasive brain stimulation for cognitive impairment: evidence for novel and widespread applications.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain-an ins/nans expert consensus panel review and recommendation.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for persistent post-traumatic headache-an ins/nans expert consensus panel review and recommendation.
twice-daily theta burst stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex reduces methamphetamine craving: a pilot study.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) and approach bias modification (abm) training on food cravings in people taking antipsychotic medication.
non-invasive cerebellar stimulation in neurodegenerative ataxia: a literature review.
antidepressant efficacy of prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation monotherapy for recurrent depression and comparison of methods for coil positioning: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and venlafaxine in geriatric depression: phase 1 of the pride study.
dorsomedial prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-refractory major depressive disorder: a three-arm, blinded, randomized controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation associated with physical-therapy in acute stroke patients - a randomized, triple blind, sham-controlled study.
cost–utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in ontario.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on hand dexterity in multiple sclerosis: a design for a randomized controlled trial.
neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in unipolar and bipolar depression: findings from an international randomized controlled trial.
effects of the anaesthetic-ect time interval and ventilation rate on seizure quality in electroconvulsive therapy: a prospective randomised trial.
effects of adding dexmedetomidine to ketamine on heart rate and blood pressure changs in psychiatric patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy.
safety and efficacy of gabaa α5 antagonist s44819 in patients with ischaemic stroke: a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in ischemic stroke: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
ultrasonic chinese herbal medication penetration therapy at tiānshū (天枢 st25) for opioid-induced constipation with liver stagnation and spleen deficiency.
next-step treatment considerations for patients with treatment-resistant depression that responds to low-dose intravenous ketamine.
prognosis and improved outcomes in major depression: a review.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of skin picking disorder: an exploratory trial.
ketamine in the treatment of depressive episodes.
effects of low-dose ketamine on the antidepressant efficacy and suicidal ideations in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy.
the effectiveness of attention bias modification with and without trans cranial direct current stimulation in chronic low back pain.
neural and clinical changes of cognitive behavioural therapy versus talking control in patients with major depression: a study protocol for a randomised clinical trial.
baseline functional connectivity may predict placebo responses to accelerated rtms treatment in major depression.
cognitive changes after tdcs and escitalopram treatment in major depressive disorder: results from the placebo-controlled elect-tdcs trial.
no evidence for any effect of multiple sessions of frontal transcranial direct stimulation on mood in healthy older adults.
differences in the immune-inflammatory profiles of unipolar and bipolar depression.
augmenting the unified protocol for transdiagnostic treatment of emotional disorders with transcranial direct current stimulation in individuals with generalized anxiety disorder and comorbid depression: a randomized controlled trial.
p.402 transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive compulsive disorder: a double-blind, cross over, placebo-controlled trial.
a randomized controlled trial of 5 daily sessions and continuous trial of 4 weekly sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain.
pharmacological, psychological, and non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for treating depression after stroke.
a pilot study of transcranial alternating current stimulation in the treatment of drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder.
treatment of persistent post-traumatic headache and post-concussion symptoms using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a pilot, double-blind, randomized controlled trial.
cost-utility analysis of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in non-treatment-resistant depression: the disco randomised controlled study protocol.
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for parkinson disease patients with depression.
effects of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on autonomic and neuroendocrine responses to psychosocial stress in healthy humans.
large treatment effect with extended home-based transcranial direct current stimulation over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in fibromyalgia: a proof of concept sham-randomized clinical study.
a pragmatic randomized controlled trial exploring the relationship between pulse number and response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression.
the neo-ffi domain of openness to experience moderates ketamine response in treatment resistant depression.
magnetic seizure therapy (mst) for major depressive disorder.
brain oscillation-synchronized stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
ketamine for suicidal ideation in adults with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis of treatment trials.
negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a review and clinical guide for recognition, assessment, and treatment.
association of bdnf, htr2a, tph1, slc6a4, and comt polymorphisms with tdcs and escitalopram efficacy: ancillary analysis of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
beneficial effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function and self-care ability in patients with non-dementia vascular cognitive impairment.
clinical and neurophysiological effects of dual-target high-frequency rtms over the primary motor and prefrontal cortex in parkinson’s disease.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for the first episode of major depressive disorder.
study on the efficacy and mechanism of paroxetine hydrochloride combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of post-stroke depression.
ketamine for depression clinical issues.
modulation of the prefrontal blood oxygenation response to intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: a sham-controlled study with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
therapeutic implications of cortical spreading depression models in migraine.
shorter recovery times and better cognitive function—a comparative pilot study of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive episodes.
apnea during slow sub-anaesthetic infusion of intravenous ketamine for treatment-resistant depression.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in parkinson's disease.
evaluation and treatment of vascular cognitive impairment by transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on chronic neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis: randomized controlled trial.
preventive effect of dexmedetomidine on postictal delirium after electroconvulsive therapy: a randomised controlled study.
the safety and efficacy of adjunctive 20-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia: a double-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled study.
neurostimulation in anxiety disorders, post-traumatic stress disorder, and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
current research on complementary and alternative medicine (cam) in the treatment of anxiety disorders: an evidence-based review.
extended continuous theta burst rtms (ctbs) for obsessive compulsive disorder: a sham controlled study.
comparative efficacy of rtms as an augmentation strategy in treatment resistant depression in military personnel.
serum growth derived neurotrophic factor (gdnf) as a predictor of response to hd-tdcs in bipolar affective disorder.
a randomized study comparing the short-term neurocognitive outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of patients with depression.
cognitive-behavioral therapy versus transcranial direct current stimulation for augmenting selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients.
electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a review of the quality of ect versus sham ect trials and meta-analyses.
effectiveness of emotional memory reactivation vs control memory reactivation before electroconvulsive therapy in adult patients with depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
design and rationale of the pact-md randomized clinical trial: prevention of alzheimer's dementia with cognitive remediation plus transcranial direct current stimulation in mild cognitive impairment and depression.
the role of inferior parietal lobule in task specific dystonia.
can tele-monitored transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) help manage fatigue and cognitive symptoms in parkinson's disease?.
does rtms work through synaptic plasticity? a motor plasticity study of d-cycloserine.
transcranial direct current stimulation and attention skills in burnout patients: a randomized blinded sham-controlled pilot study.
does low frequency rtms plays a role in the functional recovery of patients with ischemic stroke at sub-acute stage.
functional and physiological assessment of combined transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) and upper extremity training on acute stroke patients.
neuronavigated transcranial magnetic stimulation for prodromal dementia with major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in management of pain, mood, functionality, and quality of life in patients undergoing hemodialysis: a study protocol for a double-blind controlled randomized trial.
treatments for poststroke motor deficits and mood disorders: a systematic review for the 2019 u.s. department of veterans affairs and u.s. department of defense guidelines for stroke rehabilitation.
comparison of transcranial electrical stimulation regimens for effects on inhibitory circuit activity in primary somatosensory cortex and tactile spatial discrimination performance.
pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions of depression after traumatic brain injury: a systematic review.
less memory complaints with reduced stimulus dose during electroconvulsive therapy for depression.
measuring change in anhedonia using the “happy faces” task pre- to post-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) treatment to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depressive disorder (mdd): relation to empathic happiness.
exercise increases caudate dopamine release and ventral striatal activation in parkinson's disease.
p.840 effects of transcranial direct current stimulation of the frontopolar cortex on analogical reasoning performance.
p.838 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression in schizophrenia: focus on cognitive functions.
comparison of premedication with low-dose midazolam versus etomidate for reduction of etomidate-induced myoclonus during general anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized clinical trial.
p.301 hippocampal subfield volumetric changes following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with late-life depression.
p.337 efficacy and safety of unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression in elderly patients: a randomized trial.
p.539 augmentative repetitive tms in the treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a follow up study.
p.656 safety, tolerability and effectiveness of 1hz right-sided dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rtms using parabolic coils in major depression: a case series.
feasibility of computerized cognitive-behavioral therapy combined with bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of major depression.
electroconvulsive therapy electrode placement for bipolar state-related targeted engagement.
astrocytic p38α mapk drives nmda receptor-dependent long-term depression and modulates long-term memory.
effects of preemptive intravenous paracetamol and ibuprofen on headache and myalgia in patients after electroconvulsive therapy: a placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized clinical trial.
central-positive complexes: a novel characterization of ictal markers induced during electroconvulsive therapy.
antidepressant-responsive brain signatures in major depression defined by electroencephalography.
multimodal imaging predictors of transmodal antidepressant treatment response: a preliminary study.
deep brain stimulation (dbs) of the supero-lateral medial forebrain bundle (slmfb) in treatment-resistant depression (trd)-foresee iii-study design and first results.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in bipolar depression: an open label safety and efficacy trial.
a preliminary two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial, comparing focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast) and, right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
use and impact of psychotropic medications during transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder.
neuroimaging of transcranial magnetic stimulation for suicidality.
transcranial direct current stimulation applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in smokers modifies cognitive circuits implicated in the nicotine withdrawal syndrome.
one-year clinical outcomes following theta burst stimulation for ptsd.
study protocol for a parallel-group, double-blinded, randomized, controlled, noninferiority trial: the effect and safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy (hybrid-ect) compared with routine electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression.
a review of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the individualized treatment of depressive symptoms.
magnetic seizure therapy: towards personalized seizure therapy for major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression in pregnancy: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
impact of prior treatment on remission with intermittent theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on body weight and food consumption in obese adults: a randomized controlled study.
continuous theta burst stimulation over the supplementary motor area in refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder treatment: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
feasibility and clinical effects of theta burst stimulation in youth with major depressive disorders: an open-label trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on nicotine consumption and craving: a systematic review.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd): a randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial.
intermittent administration of low dose ketamine can shorten the course of electroconvulsive therapy for depression and reduce complications: a randomized controlled trial.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation—an open-label pilot intervention in alleviating depressive symptoms and cognitive deficits in late-life depression.
twice-daily neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: a randomized sham-controlled pilot study.
a prospective open-label pilot study of transcranial direct current stimulation in high-functioning autistic patients with a dysexecutive syndrome.
transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: a double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
treatment for depression comorbid with dementia.
excess significance bias in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation literature for neuropsychiatric disorders.
impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on generalized anxiety disorder in treatment-resistant depression.
effectiveness of cerebellar circuitry modulation in schizophrenia: a systematic review.
research paper: comparing the efficacy of anodal, cathodal, and sham transcranial direct current stimulation on brain-derived neurotrophic factor and psychological symptoms in opioid-addicted patients.
interventional psychiatry in the management of behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia: a qualitative review.
longitudinal clinical trial recruitment and retention challenges in the burn population: lessons learned from a trial examining a novel intervention for chronic neuropathic symptoms.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve anxiety in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind and controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for poststroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of bupropion hydrochloride extended-release versus escitalopram oxalate in chinese patients with major depressive disorder: results from a randomized, double-blind, non-inferiority trial.
low-frequency right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression after traumatic brain injury: a randomized sham-controlled pilot study.
5.14 results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study of intranasal ketamine in adolescents and young adults with asd.
clinical applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation in bipolar disorder.
increased interhemispheric synchrony underlying the improved athletic performance of rowing athletes by transcranial direct current stimulation.
does rtms reduce depressive symptoms in young people who have not responded to antidepressants?.
multicenter randomized controlled trial of bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
occipital and cerebellar theta burst stimulation for mal de debarquement syndrome.
ketamine and treatment-resistant depression.
optimised transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for fibromyalgia - targeting the endogenous pain control system: a randomised, double-blind, factorial clinical trial protocol.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of pain in parkinson's disease-an open-label study.
rtms-induced effects on functional tremor: a randomized, doubleblind, controlled study.
advancing noninvasive brain stimulation for depression with personalised treatment approaches.
abstracts from the international neuromodulation society's 14th world congress.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on a patient with major depressive disorder: changes of serum neurotophins levels.
effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression- and anxiety-like behaviors in epileptic rats.
progress of transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
rtms reduces psychopathological burden and cocaine consumption in treatment-seeking subjects with cocaine use disorder: an open label, feasibility study.
antidepressant effects of tdcs are associated with prefrontal gray matter volumes at baseline: evidence from the elect-tdcs trial.
efficacy of rtms in decreasing postnatal depression symptoms: a systematic review.
effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a randomized clinical trial of 37.5-minute vs 18.75-minute protocol.
effects of rtms on cognition and functional connectivity in subacute stroke patients.
long-term transcranial dc stimulation facilitates cognitive functions recovery in alcohol use disorder.
transcranial magnetic stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex for psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
implementation of intermittent theta burst stimulation compared to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment resistant depression: a cost analysis.
is transcranial magnetic stimulation appropriate for treating adolescents with depression?.
effects on cognition of 20-day anodal transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients affected by mild cognitive impairment: a case-control study.
transcranial direct current stimulation on opium craving, depression, and anxiety: a preliminary study.
transcranial direct current stimulation reduces craving in substance use disorders: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of acute agitation and aggression in alzheimer's dementia (ect-ad).
efficacy of bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placements when using electroconvulsive therapy to treat chinese patients with major depressive disorder.
electroconvulsive treatment for geriatric depression: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
prefrontal tdcs attenuates medial prefrontal connectivity upon being criticized in individuals scoring high on perceived criticism.
application of functional near-infrared spectroscopy to explore the neural mechanism of transcranial direct current stimulation for post-stroke depression.
a systematic review of the safety and effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of peripartum depression.
the influence of ongoing μ-oscillation phase on the induction of ltd-like plasticity with 1 hz rtms.
acupuncture for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
neural predictors of treatment response to brain stimulation and psychological therapy in depression: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for functional tremor: a randomized, double-blind, controlled study.
frontal haemodynamic responses in depression and the effect of electroconvulsive therapy.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in non-treatment-resistant depression.
peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma co-activator-1 alpha in depression and the response to electroconvulsive therapy.
electroconvulsive therapy for severe agitation and aggression in alzheimer's dementia.
algorithms for treatment of major depressive disorder: efficacy and cost-effectiveness.
effect of one session of tdcs on the severity of pain in women with chronic pelvic pain.
proceedings #64: bdnf polymorphism predicts plasticity in motor cortex following continuous theta burst stimulation.
the role of fast or slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in civilian post-traumatic stress disorder: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
tms for major depressive disorder in naïve patients.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder.
p74-s a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain.
o-15 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of chronic subjective non-pulsatile primary tinnitus case report.
p53-f successful repeated courses of rtms in pharmacoresistant masked depression – case series.
ctmss 2019 annual meeting.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic tension-type headache: a pilot study.
randomized trial of quantitative correlation of thoracic epidural tramadol with postoperative analgesia in patients undergoing thoracotomy.
treatment of post-stroke depression.
a pilot investigation of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-traumatic brain injury depression: safety, tolerability, and efficacy.
pharmacologic treatment of major depression: making research evidence available with a peer-reviewed algorithm in an easy to use computer program.
cognitive effects of bilateral high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in early phase psychosis: a pilot study.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in reducing impulsivity in borderline personality disorder (timber): study protocol of a randomized controlled clinical trial.
association of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment with subgenual cingulate hyperactivity in patients with major depressive disorder: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression with comorbid anxiety disorders.
predictors of dropout from a randomized clinical trial of cognitive processing therapy for female veterans with military sexual trauma-related ptsd.
chronic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms)on sleeping quality and mood status in drug dependent male inpatients during abstinence.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with a low-carbohydrate diet in overweight or obese patients. a randomized controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder. a randomized clinical trial.
intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in major depression modulates resting-state connectivity: preliminary findings from a sham controlled trial.
improved functional brain anomalies after personalized rtms relative to classical rtms and tdcs in resistant depression.
randomized sham-controlled trial of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in the treatment–resistant obsessive–compulsive disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression–analysis of the first technical data from a blind selection of active tdcs sessions.
mri and brain stimulation in common practice: toward precision medicine.
modulating reward learning with transcranial direct current stimulation: applications for the treatment of depression.
once daily versus twice daily theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of major depression disorder.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) over the left dlpfc on neuropsychological function in women with depression.
new avenues in brain stimulation treatments for major depression: efficacy, acceptability, and translation of novel treatments into clinical practice.
state of the art and future perspectives on the use of non-invasive neuromodulation in peripartum psychiatric disorders.
effects of left versus right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on affective flexibility in healthy women: a pilot study.
lurasidone in the treatment of schizophrenia: results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in asian patients.
unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression.
superolateral medial forebrain bundle deep brain stimulation in major depression: a gateway trial.
ketamine versus midazolam for depression relapse prevention following successful electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with failed back surgery syndrome.
transcranial direct current stimulation for affective symptoms and functioning in chronic low back pain: a pilot double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation attenuates depressive and anxiety symptoms associated with obesity.
interventions for visual field defects in people with stroke.
theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results.
neurophysiological data improves the prediction of treatment outcome in older adults with depression.
individual prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response using multicenter neuroimaging data: for the gemric consortium.
sustaining remission of psychotic depression: the stop-pd ii study.
tbs-modulated anger in veterans with ptsd.
combination theta-burst stimulation and cognitive training for youth depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression and risk of treatment emergent mania: an updated meta-analysis.
antidepressant response along latent symptom dimensions associated with longitudinal structural covariance in electroconvulsive therapy.
alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
antidepressant effects of tdcs are associated with prefrontal grey matter volumes at baseline: evidence from the elect-tdcs trial.
a randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic, treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
antidepressant outcomes of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) with f8-coil and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) with h1-coil in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
baseline effective connectivity predicts response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
adjunctive ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
trajectories of response to dorsolateral prefrontal rtms in major depression: a three-d study.
magnitude of reduction and speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a pilot double-blinded randomized clinical trial.
withdrawal from acute medication normalises short-term cortical synaptic potentiation in medication overuse headache.
therapeutic role of transcranial direct current stimulation in alzheimer disease patients: double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
the effects of excitatory tdcs over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on autonomic and neuroendocrine responses to psychosocial stress.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex does not impact ratings of valence and arousal after emotional image viewing.
comparison of efficacy of ketamine versus thiopentone-assisted modified electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation increases serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor and decreases interleukin-1β and tumor necrosis factor-α in elderly patients with refractory depression.
subtypes of treatment-resistant depression determined by a latent class analysis in a chinese clinical population.
both 50 and 30 hz continuous theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation depresses the cerebellum.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury: a randomized, controlled, double-blinded pilot study.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over prefrontal cortex on attention in psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
noninvasive brain stimulation and psychotherapy in anxiety and depressive disorders: a viewpoint.
schizophrenia treatment with electric transcranial stimulation (starts): design, rationale and objectives of a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial.
effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on decision making and cognitive flexibility in gambling disorder.
analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on modified 2010 criteria-diagnosed fibromyalgia: pilot study.
electroconvulsive therapy and schizophrenia: a systematic review.
systematic review of pre-operative electroconvulsive therapy (ect) protocols.
accelerated rtms as a treatment for post-stroke depression in the subacute phase: an rct.
low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for parkinson's disease: a randomized, single-blind, sham-controlled study.
intermittent theta burst stimulation of cerebellar vermis in schizophrenia: impact on negative symptoms and brain connectivity.
the last shaman: understanding the refractory depression and the possible basis of ayahuasca's cultural solutions.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression severity and automatic thoughts reduction in depressed women.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for improving fatigue, motor function, and pain in people with multiple sclerosis.
leveraging neuroplasticity to enhance adaptive learning: the potential for synergistic somatic-behavioral treatment combinations to improve clinical outcomes in depression.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) improves neurocognitive function in bipolar disorder.
one hertz versus ten hertz repetitive tms treatment of ptsd: a randomized clinical trial.
structural changes in the hippocampus as a biomarker for cognitive improvements in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
randomized controlled trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation in pregnant women with major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve anxiety in parkinson's disease:a randomized, double-blind and controlled trial.
divergent effects on cortical excitability observed in healthy older adults during active voluntary contraction following motor cortex itbs.
treatment resistant depression with partial effect of electroconvulsive treatment achieving long lasting remission with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation – a case report.
theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results (should be attached to symposium “transdiagnostic theta burst stimulation - the future is now” by dr noah philip).
transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: an updated meta-analysis of individual patient data.
the influence of ongoing μ-oscillation phase on the induction of ltd-like plasticity with 1 hz rtms.
ect seizure parameter modulation with bupropion: a pilot study.
effective factors of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: meta-(regression) analysis.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for smoking cessation study: partial results.
eeg oscillations response to dual-target rtms therapy of parkinson disease and co-occuring depression.
clinical outcomes with intermittent theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a three-d report.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity.
left prefrontal high-frequency rtms reducing physiologic reactivity exposed to alcohol cues:a sham-controlled, randomized, single-blinded trial.
proceedings #33: effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on cognitive function and brain functional changes in schizophrenia.
mmse during ect in late-life depression: useful or useless?.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms as a treatment for treatment-resistant depression: a 3-arm, sham-controlled trial.
the effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on negative symptoms of schizophrenia: findings from a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
personalized rtms reduce functional brain anomalies in resistant depression while classical rtms and tdcs have no effect: preliminary results.
proceedings #4: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) improves depressive symptoms and quality of life of post-stroke patients.
effectiveness of the prefrontal rtms on cognitive functions in depression, schizophrenia, and alzheimer's disease and investigation of the impaired prefrontal neuroplasticity in treatment-resistant depression using combined tms-eeg.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in older adults with depression.
magnitude of reduction & speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral ect.
proceedings #40: effect of cognitive training with and without tdcs on self- report of cognition in older adults with hiv infection.
proceedings #3: effects of combining transcranial direct current stimulation with mindfulness training in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a pilot study.
the effect of intermittent theta-burst stimulation on the depressed brain: a sham controlled study with near-infrared spectroscopy.
proceedings #51: 4 ma adaptive transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: early demonstration of feasibility with a 20-session course.
a two-site, open-label, non-randomized update, suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
improvement in borderline personality disorder symptoms with dorsomedial prefrontal cortex rtms: two cases.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for tourette's syndrome in children: a pilot study.
alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left dlpfc in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognition in late life depression.
abstract #151: long term outcomes from a remotely supervised tdcs trial for symptom management in multiple sclerosis.
a randomized controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment of generalized anxiety disorder.
recent developments in non-invasive brain stimulation for adolescents with major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of chronic subjective non-pulsatile primary tinnitus - case report.
clinical effects of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive emotional training in patients with treatment resistant depression.
functional connectivity changes with targeted rtms of the dorsal attention network in tbi-associated depression.
side effects trajectories in rtms treatment for depression: 10 hz vs. intermittent theta-burst stimulation.
abstract #71: effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and neuroplasticity in subacute stroke patients.
the potential for bilateral high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (hf-rtms) to modulate motoric-cognitive risk syndrome in older adults.
depressive symptoms reduction following intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex is related to resting-state connectivity modulation: preliminary findings from a double blinded sham controlled trial.
proceedings #48: long-term transcranial direct current stimulation treatment paired with adaptive cognitive training leads to clinical benefit.
accelerated tms for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
post hoc analyses of esketamine nasal spray plus an oral antidepressant in elderly patients with treatment-resistant depression.
predictors of response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for preventing major depressive disorder relapse: results of a 6-month follow-up.
transcranial magnetic and direct current stimulation (tms/tdcs) for the treatment of headache: a systematic review.
how to choose an antidepressant medication.
crossover to bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a potential strategy when patients are not responding to unilateral left-sided high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
completeness of descriptions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation intervention: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials of rtms in depression.
exposure therapy and simultaneous repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a controlled pilot trial for the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder.
effect of adjunctive intermittent theta-burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a prophylactic treatment in migraine patients: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
effect of donepezil on cognitive deficits associated with electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized triple-blind clinical trial.
is high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left primary motor cortex superior to the stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in fibromyalgia syndrome?.
intermittent theta burst stimulation to relieve depression and executive function impairment in older adults.
cortical paired associative stimulation influences response inhibition: cortico-cortical and cortico-subcortical networks.
administration of sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine and electroconvulsive treatment on alternate week days in patients with treatment resistant depression: a double blind placebo controlled trial.
the dynamical signature of anhedonia in major depressive disorder: positive emotion dynamics, reactivity, and recovery.
combining attentional bias modification with dorsolateral prefrontal rtms does not attenuate maladaptive attentional processing.
decoding the mechanism of action of rapid-acting antidepressant treatment strategies: does gender matter?.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) vs. ketamine in patients with treatment-resistant depression: the elekt-d study protocol.
accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of patients with depression: a review.
pharmacological treatment of adult bipolar disorder.
role of the prefrontal cortex in pain processing.
depressive symptoms, alcohol and other drug use, and suicide risk: prevention and treatment effects from a two-country online eating disorder risk reduction trial.
cognitive effects of non-surgical brain stimulation for major depressive disorder: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of text messaging on depression in patients with coronary heart disease: a substudy analysis from the text me randomised controlled trial.
influence of selective seratonin reuptake inhibitors on aphasia recovery: preliminary data from a clinical trial.
effectiveness of the prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive profiles in depression, schizophrenia, and alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
you can do that?!: feasibility of virtual reality exposure therapy in the treatment of ptsd due to military sexual trauma.
durability of antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects on cognition of 20 days of anodal trans-cranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) over left dorsolateral-pre-frontal cortex (dlpfc) in patients affected by mild cognitive impairment: a case-control study.
enhancement of synaptic plasticity and reversal of impairments in motor and cognitive functions in a mouse model of angelman syndrome by a small neurogenic molecule, nsi-189.
electro convulsive therapy: modification of its effect on the autonomic nervous system using anti-cholinergic drugs.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
transcranial magnetic stimulation of the supplementary motor area in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a multi-site study.
(no) rtms in non-treatment refractory patients with depression: findings from a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) versus antidepressants as an add-on treatment for depression in schizophrenia.
network meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of antidepressants for acutely ill elderly patients with major depressive disorder.
p.3.28 individual prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response using multicenter neuroimaging data: for gemric consortium.
segregation of salience network predicts treatment response of depression to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
efficacy of celecoxib adjunct treatment on bipolar disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.
unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials over 2 decades.
oral ketamine for depression: a systematic review.
psychopharmacological treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd).
placebo effect in obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd). placebo response and placebo responders in ocd: the trend over time.
insula h-coil deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and enduring anorexia nervosa (se-an): a pilot study.
impact of serotonin transporter gene on rtms augmentation of ssris for obsessive compulsive disorder.
ketamine and depression: a narrative review.
emerging medical applications based on non-ionizing electromagnetic fields from 0 hz to 10 thz.
the efficacy of miniaturized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression.
transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) versus venlafaxine er in the treatment of depression: a randomized, double-blind, single-center study with open-label, follow-up.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in stroke rehabilitation: review of the current evidence and pitfalls.
rapid anti-depressant relief by ketamine: exploring a complex mechanism of action.
effects of celecoxib on electroconvulsive therapy-induced cognitive impairment in patients with major depressive disorder: a pilot, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
target determination for transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with a pharmacotherapy-resistant depressive episode based on the individual parameters of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (a pilot blind controlled trial).
indian guidelines on neurosurgical interventions in psychiatric disorders.
noninvasive brain stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
the psychopharmacology algorithm project at the harvard south shore program: an update on unipolar nonpsychotic depression.
ancips 2019 abstracts.
randomised control trial to evaluate the role of dexmedetomidine premedication & ketamine-propofol combination on seizure time, hemodynamic responses and patient's satisfaction in electroconvulsive therapy.
assessing neuroplasticity in children with schizophrenia with theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized crossover controlled study.
antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over prefrontal cortex of parkinson's disease patients with depression: a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in youth with treatment resistant major depression.
use of gabapentin in the treatment of substance use and psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
a non-inferiority framework for cost-effectiveness analysis.
hypnotic discontinuation using a blinded (masked) tapering approach: a case series.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of a difficult to treat condition, borderline personality disorder.
ect-ad study design: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy plus usual care versus simulated-ect plus usual care for the management of treatment-refractory agitation in alzheimer's dementia.
cost-utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in ontario.
electroconvulsive therapy maintenance for major depressive disorder: a report of two cases.
dynamic thiol/disulphide homeostasis as a novel oxidative stress marker to differentiate bipolar and unipolar depression: a machine learning case study.
non-pharmacological interventions for chronic pain in multiple sclerosis.
improving working memory in schizophrenia: effects of 1ma and 2ma transcranial direct current stimulation to the left dlpfc.
ketamine augmentation for major depressive disorder and suicidal ideation: preliminary experience in an inpatient psychiatry setting.
exploring the effect of adaptogenic rhodiola rosea extract on neuroplasticity in humans.
influence of depressed patients’ expectations prior to electroconvulsive therapy on its effectiveness and tolerability (exp-ect): a prospective study.
psychotherapyplus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder—study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial.
the impact of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on bipolar depression, mania, and euthymia: a systematic review of preliminary data.
episodic migraine with and without aura: key differences and implications for pathophysiology, management, and assessing risks.
augmentation effect of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over presupplementary motor area in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
neurocognitive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with a 2-coil device in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
concomitant transcranial direct current stimulation with ultrabrief electroconvulsive therapy: a 2-week double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
effects of different transcranial direct current stimulation devices on motor cortical excitability.
anodal transcranial direct current stimulation enhances positive changes in movement functions, visual attention and depression of patients with chronic ischemic stroke: a clinical trial.
non -pharmacological approaches for headaches in young age: an updated review.
combining mirtazapine with ssris or snris for treatment-resistant depression: the mir rct.
bifrontal active and sham rtms in treatment-resistant unipolar major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training for the treatment of parkinson disease: a randomized, placebo-controlled study.
alternate day dtms combined with ssris for chronic treatment resistant depression: a prospective multicenter study.
the use of continuous theta burst stimulation for the treatment of anxiety: a case series.
deep tms for ptsd with the h7 coil in a naturalistic setting: case series.
deep tms for ocd with the h7 coil: case series in a naturalistic setting.
pre-treatment attentional processing speed and antidepressant response to transcranial direct current stimulation: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
remotely supervised transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of fatigue in multiple sclerosis: results from a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
short-term impact of tdcs over the right inferior frontal cortex on impulsive responses in a go/no-go task.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic neuropathic pain in patients with bladder pain syndrome/interstitial cystitis.
electroconvulsive therapy for older adult patients with major depressive disorder: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
brain and spinal stimulation therapies for phantom limb pain: a systematic review.
decreasing treatment duration of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) using daily right unilateral ultrabrief instead of bitemporal ect.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of tinnitus: a review of clinical trials and mechanisms of action.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to alleviate depression and cognitive impairment associated with parkinson's disease: a review and clinical implications.
accelerated itbs treatment in depressed patients differentially modulates reward system activity based on anhedonia.
a systematic review of noninvasive brain stimulation for post-stroke depression.
association of the loudness dependence of auditory evoked potentials with clinical changes to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression.
the effectiveness of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in anhedonia among patient with major depressive disorder: a pilot study.
the effect of exercise on resting concentrations of peripheral brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf) in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
deontological morality can be experimentally enhanced by increasing disgust: a transcranial direct current stimulation study.
efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a prospective randomized controlled trial.
a clinical trial with combined transcranial direct current stimulation and attentional bias modification in alcohol-dependent patients.
cerebral oxygen saturation during electroconvulsive therapy: a secondary analysis of a randomized crossover trial.
current status of cognitive remediation for psychiatric disorders: a review.
neuromodulation by rtms in parkinsons disease: a fmri study.
effect of action-based cognitive remediation on cognition and neural activity in bipolar disorder: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
response and remission rates following high-frequency vs. low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) over right dlpfc for treating major depressive disorder (mdd): a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind trials.
effects of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation on brain function in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized sham-controlled neuroimaging study.
testing assumptions on prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation: comparison of electrode montages using multimodal fmri.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right parietal cortex for comorbid generalized anxiety disorder and insomnia: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled pilot study.
efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials.
peripheral blood sirt1 mrna levels in depression and treatment with electroconvulsive therapy.
therapeutic applications of noninvasive neuromodulation in children and adolescents.
current evidence on transcranial magnetic stimulation and its potential usefulness in post-stroke neurorehabilitation: opening new doors to the treatment of cerebrovascular disease.
superior anti-suicidal effects of electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar disorder and bipolar depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the acute depressive episode: a systematic review of current knowledge.
transcranial direct current stimulation may improve cognitive-motor function in functionally limited older adults.
characterizing, assessing, and treating cognitive dysfunction in major depressive disorder.
anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: an update.
international society for ect and neurostimulation annual meeting abstracts 2018.
neurotrophins, cytokines, oxidative stress mediators and mood state in bipolar disorder: systematic review and meta-analyses.
plasma biomarkers in a placebo-controlled trial comparing tdcs and escitalopram efficacy in major depression.
optimizing electrode montages of transcranial direct current stimulation for attentional bias modification in early abstinent methamphetamine users.
disentangling the neural basis of cognitive behavioral therapy in psychiatric disorders: a focus on depression.
cognitive outcomes of tms treatment in bipolar depression: safety data from a randomized controlled trial.
effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neural response to affective pictures: a randomized, sham-controlled fmri study.
ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy: so happy together?.
is 0.9 hz rtms-induced ltd-like corticospinal plasticity dependent on l-rhythm phase during the intervention?.
modulation of executive function mediated gait with bilateral prefrontal high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (hf-rtms): methodology and preliminary results.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of bipolar depression: preliminary data.
fmri classification method with multiple feature fusion based on minimum spanning tree analysis.
prefrontal cortex executive processes affected by stress in health and disease.
changes in synaptic plasticity are associated with electroconvulsive shock-induced learning and memory impairment in rats with depression-like behavior.
cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials.
adjunct transcranial direct current stimulation improves cognitive function in patients with schizophrenia: a double-blind 12-week study.
prospective validation that subgenual connectivity predicts antidepressant efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation sites.
an update on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of co-morbid pain and depressive symptoms.
cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy vs pharmacotherapy/psychotherapy for treatment-resistant depression in the united states.
combined transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of chronic tinnitus.
erratum: effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial (the lancet (2018) 391(10131) (1683–1692) (s0140673618302952) (10.1016/s0140-6736(18)30295-2)).
brief multifamily psychoeducation for family members of patients with chronic major depression: a randomized controlled trial.
a review of ketamine’s role in ect and non-ect settings.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in alcohol dependence: study protocol of a randomized controlled clinical trial of efficacy and working mechanisms.
fighting obesity: non-pharmacological interventions.
anxiety, depression, and health-related quality of life in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rtms in alleviating mtbi related headaches and depressive symptoms.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a phase ii randomized sham-controlled trial.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
ketamine-based anesthesia improves electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: a randomized-controlled study.
improvements in health-related quality of life with electroconvulsive therapy: a meta-analysis.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation onworry, anxiety, and depression in generalized anxiety disorder: a randomized, single-blind pharmacotherapy and sham-controlled clinical trial.
non-invasive neuromodulation of neural networks in alzheimer's disease: cognitive and clinical effects.
treatments of depression in parkinson's disease.
recommendations for the use of ect in pregnancy: literature review and proposed clinical protocol.
can deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) be used to treat substance use disorders (sud)? a systematic review.
cognitive and neurophysiological recovery following electroconvulsive therapy: a study protocol.
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
exploring alternative rtms strategies in non-responders to standard high frequency left-sided treatment: a switching study.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
electroconvulsive therapy in the continuation and maintenance treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analyses.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of deep brain stimulation for depression.
clinical results from the theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-d) randomized non-inferiority trial.
anterior cingulate cortex connectivity and treatment response prediction to rtms in depression.
resting-state fmri predictors and mechanisms of rtms treatment response: neuroimaging results of the three-d study.
longitudinal structural covariance associated with antidepressant electroconvulsive therapy response.
concurrent antidepressant use is not associated with different rtms treatment outcomes for major depressive disorder in a sham-controlled trial.
resting-state eeg source analysis in depressed patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates depressive symptoms and suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity.
cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised sham controlled trials.
speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) versus right unilateral ultra-brief ect.
open trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in youth with treatment-resistant major depression.
effect of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on corticol excitability in patients with major depression.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases suicidal ideation in depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation techniques for chronic pain.
anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy - new tricks for old drugs: a systematic review.
complementary and alternative therapies for restless legs syndrome: an evidence-based systematic review.
testing cortical rtms targets to improve psychomotor slowing in schizophrenia and major depression in a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled trial.
adhd and tms.
treating refractory depression in parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
transcranial direct current stimulation of 20- and 30-minutes combined with sertraline for the treatment of depression.
age-related repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effects on executive function in depression: a systematic review.
number of pulses or number of sessions? an open-label study of trajectories of improvement for once-vs. twice-daily dorsomedial prefrontal rtms in major depression.
finding treatment-resistant depression in real-world data: how a data-driven approach compares with expert-based heuristics.
transcranial direct current stimulation in depression and psychosis: a systematic review.
effects of rtms on brain volumes in bipolar disorder.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and trans-spinal direct current stimulation associated with treadmill exercise in spinal cord and cortical excitability of healthy subjects: a triple-blind, randomized and sham-controlled study.
therapeutic strategies in depression with cognitive impairment.
continuation treatment of remitted psychotic depression: the stop-pd study.
neural response after a single ect session during retrieval of emotional self-referent words in depression: a randomized, sham-controlled fmri study.
atropine versus hyoscine premedication for electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
a randomised sham-controlled feasibility trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in outpatients with severe and enduring anorexia nervosa.
movement does not promote recovery of motor output following acute experimental muscle pain.
transcranial direct current stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a systematic review.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on placebo response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression trials.
vascular risk factors in older patients with depression: outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus medication.
a randomized clinical trial of adjunctive ketamine anesthesia in electro-convulsive therapy for depression.
effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life in elderly depressed patients: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression after basal ganglia ischaemic stroke: protocol for a multicentre randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
a novel dual-channel deep transcranial magnetic stimulator for major depressive disorder.
brain choline in major depression: a review of the literature.
effectiveness of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression and parkinson’s disease: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled clinical trialsd.
pain modulation: from conditioned pain modulation to placebo and nocebo effects in experimental and clinical pain.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depressive disorders: a review of clinical applications.
transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatric disorders: a comprehensive review of recent advances.
the effects of acute multisession bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on intractable tinnitus and comorbid depression and anxiety: a study protocol for randomized controlled trial.
the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on modality to graded motor imagery for treatment of complex regional pain syndrome a randomized proof of concept study.
hypericum perforatum extract modulates cortical plasticity in humans.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
acute and repetitive fronto-cerebellar tdcs stimulation improves mood in non-depressed participants.
safety and preliminary efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in ms-related fatigue.
acetaminophen as adjuvant to risperidone in chronic schizophrenia: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation based on quantitative electroencephalogram combining positive psychotherapy for major depression.
clinical improvement in patients with borderline personality disorder after treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: preliminary results.
new perspectives in the treatment of body dysmorphic disorder.
cognitive training and transcranial direct current stimulation for mild cognitive impairment in parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using an h1-coil or figure-8-coil in the treatment of unipolar major depressive disorder: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
consensus recommendations for the clinical application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of depression.
how can transcranial magnetic stimulation change the way we treat traumatic brain injury?.
depression and chronic heart failure in the elderly: an intriguing relationship.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of interventions for major depression in older persons: protocol for bayesian network meta-analysis.
rethinking the spectrum of mood disorders: implications for diagnosis and management – proceedings of a symposium presented at the 30th annual european college of neuropsychopharmacology congress, 4 september 2017, paris, france.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in tbi.
the effects of music-supported therapy on motor, cognitive, and psychosocial functions in chronic stroke.
the use of mr‑less mni based neuronavigation for 10 hz rtms depression therapy: electrophysiological and clinical implications.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training in the treatment of apathy in patients with alzheimer’s disease: study protocol for a randomized trial.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depression induces decreases in modularity: a connectome analysis.
patient-delivered tdcs on chronic neuropathic pain in prior responders to tms (a randomized controlled pilot study).
deep brain stimulation for intractable obsessive-compulsive disorder: the international and japanese situation/scenario.
left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces the development of long-term muscle pain.
the effect of levothyroxine on memory impairment induced by electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar patients: clinical trial.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in hemodialysis patients-pilot study.
recurrent transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) activity in treatmentresistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a case report.
additive effect of tdcs combined with peripheral electrical stimulation to an exercise program in pain control in knee osteoarthritis: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression: study design and methodology of a multicenter triple blind randomized placebo controlled trial (depressiondc).
electroconvulsive therapy enhances endocannabinoids in the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with major depression: a preliminary prospective study.
cognitive remediation for bipolar patients with objective cognitive impairment: a naturalistic study.
a randomized pilot study comparing ketamine and methohexital anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression.
s -ketamine compared to etomidate during electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
lithium in the episode and suicide prophylaxis and in augmenting strategies in patients with unipolar depression.
a randomized, sham-controlled study of maintenance rtms for treatment-resistant depression (trd).
updated review on the clinical use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatric disorders.
peripheral blood microrna and vegfa mrna changes following electroconvulsive therapy: implications for psychotic depression.
treatment of bipolar depression with deep tms: results from a double-blind, randomized, parallel group, sham-controlled clinical trial.
the effects of remifentanil on hemodynamic response attenuation after electroconvulsive therapy under sevoflurane anesthesia.
ptsd psychotherapy outcome predicted by brain activation during emotional reactivity and regulation.
selective effects of psychotherapy on frontopolar cortical function in ptsd.
inter and intra-hemispheric structural imaging markers predict depression relapse after electroconvulsive therapy: a multisite study.
clustered repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: a randomized controlled trial.
effects of morphine on the phenotypic causes of obstructive sleep apnea.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with venlafaxine for major depressive disorder with comorbid anxiety and insomnia: a controlled polysomnographic and diffusion mri study.
interventions for management of post-stroke depression: a bayesian network meta-analysis of 23 randomized controlled trials.
successful treatment of severe tardive dyskinesia with valbenazine, including a patient’s perspective.
effects of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation on functional performance in individuals with incomplete spinal cord injury: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
cognitive enhancing effects of rtms administered to the prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual task effects.
feasibility, safety, and preliminary efficacy of low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st): a proof of concept clinical trial in man.
1-hz rtms in the treatment of tinnitus: a sham-controlled, randomized multicenter trial.
antipsychotic augmentation for major depressive disorder: a review of clinical practice guidelines.
longitudinal neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy and pharmacotherapy in geriatric major depressive disorder.
does ketamine anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy offer efficacy advantages over standard methohexital anesthesia? a randomized pilot study.
electric field characteristics of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms).
safety and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes: analysis of individual patient data.
treatment of neurocognitive symptoms in unipolar depression: a systematic review and future perspectives.
impact of pharmacist-psychiatrist collaborative patient education on medication adherence and quality of life (qol) of bipolar affective disorder (bpad) patients.
economic evidence for the clinical management of major depressive disorder: a systematic review and quality appraisal of economic evaluations alongside randomised controlled trials.
subgenual anterior cingulate–medial orbitofrontal functional connectivity in medication-resistant major depression: a neurobiological marker for accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment?.
transcranial direct current stimulation effects on menopausal vasomotor symptoms.
usefulness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of bipolar depression.
the keep-well trial (nct02414932)-ketamine for depression relapse prevention following ect.
the prolonging remission in depressed elderly (pride) trial (nct01028508): results from the randomised phase.
non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials.
deep brain stimulation in schizophrenia: a randomized pilot study testing anterior cingulated cortex vs. nucleus accumbens targets.
at-home transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) improves mood in multiple sclerosis: results from a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of child and adolescent psychiatric disorders.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant major depression (trmd) veteran patients: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
neuro-cardiac-guided tms (ncg-tms): probing dlpfc-sgacc-vagus nerve connectivity using heart rate – first results.
transdiagnostic treatment of bipolar disorder and comorbid anxiety using the unified protocol for emotional disorders: a pilot feasibility and acceptability trial.
rtms with a two-coil array: safety and efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on pain, mood and serum endorphin level in the treatment of fibromyalgia: a double blinded, randomized clinical trial.
low intensity transcranial electric stimulation: safety, ethical, legal regulatory and application guidelines.
episodic memory following deep brain stimulation of the ventral anterior limb of the internal capsule and electroconvulsive therapy.
corrigendum to “psychological intervention combined with direct electrical brain stimulation (pin-codes) for treating major depression: a pre-test, post-test, follow-up pilot study” [neurol. psychiatry brain res. 25 (2017) 15–23] (s094195001730012x) (10.1016/j.npbr.2017.05.003).
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation associated with hypocaloric diet in subjects with different degrees of glucose tolerance.
large-field repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of fibromyalgia: an open label, pilot study of 21 patients.
does a single session of electroconvulsive therapy alter the neural response to emotional faces in depression? a randomised sham-controlled functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
anti-inflammatory treatments for mood disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
meta-analysis of the antidepressant effects of acute sleep deprivation.
effectiveness of supplementary cognitive-behavioral therapy for pharmacotherapy-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial.
antidepressant exposure during pregnancy and risk of autism in the offspring, 1: meta-review of meta-analyses.
how effective is algorithm-guided treatment for depressed inpatients? results from the randomized controlled multicenter german algorithm project 3 trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation and computational models in post-stroke aphasic patients: single session of transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation. a randomized clinical trial.
the effect of naltrexone on memory deficit followed by electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for depression in traumatic brain injury.
the role of patient expectancy and social desirability in treatment outcomes of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: an assessment of placebo effects in the current practice of electroconvulsive therapy.
international society for ect and neurostimulation annual meeting abstracts 2017.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on amygdala function in major depression - a longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
the use of ketamine in ect anaesthesia: a systematic review and critical commentary on efficacy, cognitive, safety and seizure outcomes.
abnormal functional connectivity within resting-state networks is related to rtms-based therapy effects of treatment resistant depression: a pilot study.
randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with paroxetine for the treatment of patients with first-episode major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) for bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
tranylcypromine in mind (part ii): review of clinical pharmacology and meta-analysis of controlled studies in depression.
the efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for improving apathy in chronic stroke patients.
update on the epidemiology, diagnosis, and treatment of mania in older-age bipolar disorder.
strategies for dementia prevention: latest evidence and implications.
existential cognitive therapy for terminal cancer patients with depression or demoralization: a randomized controlled trial.
the potential efficacy of gabab antagonists in depression.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial on the role of preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen [paracetamol] in reducing headache following electroconvulsive therapy [ect].
impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on functional movement disorders: cortical modulation or a behavioral effect?.
impairment of neuroplasticity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex by alcohol.
efficacy of theta burst stimulation (tbs) for major depression: an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials.
61% of unmedicated treatment resistant depression patients who did not respond to acute tms treatment responded after four weeks of twice weekly deep tms in the brainsway pivotal trial.
management of depression in parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
low-intensity transcranial current stimulation in psychiatry.
beyond home use medical device: transcranial direct current stimulation combined with digital healthcare.
relation of perceived discomfort to treatment effect in a blinded study of tdcs in older adults with hiv.
feasibility and safety of combining rtms with physical therapy: preliminary data in parkinson's disease.
the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) combined with cognitive training in stroke rehabilitation-a sham-controlled pilot study.
decreasing alzheimer's disease and related dementias after delirium: exercise and cognitive training.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in alzheimer's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
an updated meta-analysis: short-term therapeutic effects of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating obsessive-compulsive disorder.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for methamphetamine use disorders: a randomised clinical trial.
the impact of melatonin on the alleviation of cognitive impairment during electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind controlled trial.
adjunctive ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
ketamine as the anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy: the kanect randomised controlled trial.
correlation of serum s100b protein with depressive episode of bipolar disorder and its prognosis.
florida best practice psychotherapeutic medication guidelines for adults with major depressive disorder.
individualized connectome mapping to target rtms for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury.
micrornas 146a/b-5 and 425-3p and 24-3p are markers of antidepressant response and regulate mapk/wnt-system genes.
a multidisciplinary systematic review of the treatment for chronic idiopathic tinnitus.
hippocampal volume changes following electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial direct current stimulation may modulate extinction memory in posttraumatic stress disorder.
right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for geriatric depression: results of the pride study.
ketamine for depression, 2: diagnostic and contextual indications.
baseline resting-state fmri biomarkers of depression response to dlpfc-rtms: different patterns of functional connectivity predict response to 10 hz rtms and intermittant tbs.
efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment resistant late-life depression.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on amygdala function in major depression-a longitudinal fmri study.
continuation ect for relapse prevention in depressed elderly. results from the pride study.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) decreases suicidality in adults with treatment resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the default mode network can modulate mind-wandering behavior after negative emotional information.
repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in unipolar and bipolar depression: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
controlled clinical trial of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) and ect: a medication-free study.
cortical and subcortical morphometry predicts relapse of depressive symptoms following electro-convulsive therapy.
effect of rtms on resting-state functional con-nectivity in patients with major depression.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for cognitive impairment in early-phase psychosis: a pilot study.
neurocognitive predictors of antidepressant efficacy to transcranial direct current stimulation: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in unipolar and bipolar depression: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
neural, cognitive, and clinical effects of prefrontal cortex stimulation in depression combined with psychological therapy: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
prefrontal cortex stimulation does not affect emotional bias, but may slow emotion identification.
biological treatment of acute agitation or aggression with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder in the inpatient setting.
anodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex enhances emotion recognition in depressed patients and controls.
optimising conservative management of chronic low back pain: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
a systematic review of yoga for major depressive disorder.
comparative efficacy and tolerability of pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for biological treatment of schizophrenia–a short version for primary care.
treatment recommendations for dsm-5-defined mixed features.
non-invasive brain stimulation in parkinson's disease: exploiting crossroads of cognition and mood.
niemann-pick type c disease -the tip of the iceberg? a review of neuropsychiatric presentation, diagnosis and treatment.
ketamine for depression, 1: clinical summary of issues related to efficacy, adverse effects, and mechanism of action.
motor cortex trns ameliorates pain, anxiety, depression, quality of life and cognitive impairment in patients with fibromyalgia: preliminary results of a randomized sham-controlled trial.
novel augmentation strategies in major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatric disorders: a review of clinical advances.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in alcohol use disorder: effects on dopamine transporter availability and alcohol intake.
the changes of social performance with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in depressed patients.
transcranial direct current stimulation: adverse effects and the efficacy of a commonly utilised sham protocol.
pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions for management of post-stroke depression: a bayesian network meta-analysis of 27 randomized controlled trials.
corticospinal excitability predicts antidepressant response to rtms.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
new developments in the management of partial-onset epilepsy: role of brivaracetam.
prefrontal tdcs and sertraline in obsessive compulsive disorder: a case report and review of the literature.
key updates in the clinical application of electroconvulsive therapy.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
the effects of 10-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in chronic stroke patients.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dlpfc for major depression: session-dependent efficacy: a meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: basic principles and clinical applications in migraine.
treatment-emergent mania/hypomania during antidepressant treatment with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
assert trial – how to assess the safety and efficacy of a high frequency rtms in postpartum depression ? a multicenter, double blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
effect of antipsychotic pharmacotherapy on clinical outcomes of intermittent theta-burst stimulation for refractory depression.
behavioural and neurophysiological effects of transcranial electrical stimulation (tes) in healthy and depressed individuals: a tms-eeg study.
rtms in depression-accelerating response to therapy.
dual-target rtms as treatment protocol for parkinson's disease.
preliminary results from a randomized sham-controlled trial of augmentative neuro-navigated right-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for antidepressant non-responding bipolar depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) side effect characterization for treatment resistant depression: non-inferiority rtms trial.
response to high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is unaffected by number of treatment sessions in major depression: a systematic meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of depression: results from an openlabel extension study.
comparing depression severity after high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) with h1-coil vs. figure-of-eight (f8)-coil in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
brain influences of accelerated rtms in major depression.
designing a transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) device and its clinical certification through a randomized double-blind controlled trial in depressive patients.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: an assessor blind, randomized controlled trial.
cognitive rehabilitation during transcranial direct current stimulation (core-tdcs) for major or mild neurocognitive disorder patients-a protocol of a randomized controlled preliminary research.
synergistic effects of ketamine and theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd).
the relationship between the individual alpha frequency (iaf) and response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd).
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dlpfc with personalized targeting in major depression: preliminary results of pseudo-randomised study.
predictors of clinical response to deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
clinically-relevant outcomes of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
how deep is the deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms)? putative stimulation of reward pathways in substance use disorders: a systematic review and metaanalysis.
duration of antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a meta-analysis.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in alzheimer's disease patient-preliminary data from the ongoing randomized controlled trial.
cytokine response to dual-target rtms treatment protocol in parkinson's disease.
successful treatment of bipolar depressive disorder patients using transcranial magnetic stimulation: results from an urban tms clinic.
effect of repetitive high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation on trigeminal neuralgia.
design of the theta burst versus high frequency rtms effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-d) noninferiority trial.
systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of bitemporal versus high-dose right unilateral ect for depression.
how brief should brief be? an update on ultrabrief pulse ect.
number of pulses or number of sessions? trajectories of improvement for once-daily vs. twice-daily dorsomedial prefrontal rtms in major depression.
focal and spatially-targeted ect: comparison of mst and feast.
in search of optimal site for 10 hz rtms depression treatment: a clinical and physiological comparison.
transcranial direct current stimulation may enhance decision making in gambling disorder: a preliminary double-blind sham-controlled study.
ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy.
evidence for using rtms among older adults with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
notes on human trials of transcranial direct current stimulation between 1960 and 1998.
acute and chronic effects of noradrenergic enhancement on transcranial direct current stimulation-induced neuroplasticity in humans.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: results from a randomised, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial.
targeted transcranial theta-burst stimulation alters fronto-insular network and prefrontal gaba.
prefronto-cerebellar tdcs enhances neurocognition in euthymic bipolar patients. findings from a placebo-controlled neuropsychological and psychophysiological investigation.
effects of the concurrent use of a reduced dose of propofol with divided supplemental remifentanil and moderate hyperventilation on duration and morphology of electroconvulsive therapy-induced electroencephalographic seizure activity: a randomized controlled trial.
managing melancholic depression: a personal perspective.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
twice weekly dtms monotherapy is effective in maintaining acute-phase responders and improving the response rate for trd patients.
rtms and ect, are they combinable?.
bitemporal v. high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for alleviating clinical symptoms and suicidal ideation in elderly depressive patients: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) and 10-hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
rtms of the prefrontal cortex has analgesic effects on neuropathic pain in subjects with spinal cord injury.
no difference in early analgesia between liposomal bupivacaine injection and intrathecal morphine after tka.
actigraphy in patients with major depressive disorder undergoing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation an open label pilot study.
concomitant anticonvulsants with bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy a randomized controlled trial with clinical and neurobiological application.
the added value of auditory cortex transcranial random noise stimulation (trns) after bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for tinnitus.
effect of low dose of ketamine on learning memory function in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy-a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study.
cognitive dysfunction in major depression and bipolar disorder: assessment and treatment options.
the properties and utility of the core measure of melancholia.
two versus one high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation session per day for treatment-resistant depression.
effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation on the cognitive control of emotion: potential antidepressant mechanisms.
anterior cingulate implant for obsessive-compulsive disorder.
efficacy, safety and tolerability of augmentative rtms in treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd): a prospective cohort study in croatia.
a critical review of trials of transcranial direct current stimulation and trigeminal nerve stimulation for depression: the issue of treatment-emergent mania.
“i don't want to talk about it”: an exploration of the effects of trauma-sensitive yoga as an alternative to psychotherapy on posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, and associated symptoms.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
deep brain stimulation in bed nucleus of stria terminalis and medial forebrain bundle in two patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
depression and anxiety in parkinson's disease.
motor cortex trns improves pain, affective and cognitive impairment in patients with fibromyalgia: preliminary results of a randomised sham-controlled trial.
self-management action plans for copd patients with comorbidities reduce exacerbation duration and respiratory-related hospitalizations - the cope-iii study.
neural connectivity of treatment resistant mood disorders.
is electroconvulsive therapy for depression more effective than placebo? a systematic review of studies since 2009.
the role of hippocampal structural synaptic plasticity in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to improve cognitive function in male samp8 mice.
combining repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive behavioral therapy for effective treatment of tinnitus and insomnia-a case report.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: recent findings and perspectives.
rtms in elderly patients.
can meta-regression identify the optimal protocols for deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in studies with neuropsychiatric disorders?.
psychotherapyplus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo controlled trial.
design and methods of an ongoing randomized controlled study of tdcs in major depression: the depressiondc trial.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognitive control and emotion regulation in depressed patients.
the influence of tdcs on prosocial behaviour when being socially excluded: experimental design.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression: a prospective multicenter double blind randomized placebo controlled trial (depressiondc)-early quality control of technical data from a blind selection of active tdcs sessions.
targeting fatigue, mood and cognition in multiple sclerosis using tdcs.
a multimodal investigation on the biological markers associated with the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation.
the impact of accelerated hf-rtms on neurochemicals in major depression: insights from 1h mr spectroscopy.
imagery guided personalized robotic rtms in depression: preliminary results of a feasibility study.
clinical application of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
acute efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in unipolar vs. bipolar major depressive disorder (mdd): a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation has different short-term efficacy on different major depressive disorder symptoms: a nested prospective cohort study in croatia.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with and without the brainsway h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder: presentation of the protocol and interim analysis.
the resolve trial for people with chronic low back pain: protocol for a randomised clinical trial.
the efficacy of adjunctives rtms over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on executive, cognitive functions and psychopathology in early onset schizophrenia.
a randomized controlled trial of rtms augmentation in depression.
remifentanil in electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
tdcs for the treatment of depression: a comprehensive review.
differences in cognitive outcomes after ect depending on bdnf and comt polymorphisms.
health related quality of life after ect for depression: a study exploring the role of different electrode-placements and pulse-widths.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on psychomotor retardation in major depression: a pilot feasibility study.
the direction of the postural response to a vestibular perturbation is mediated by the cerebellar vermis.
treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: insights from an open trial of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) to design a rct.
systematic review of randomized controlled trials of candidate treatments for cognitive impairment in depression and methodological challenges in the field.
neuromodulation treatments for geriatric mood and cognitive disorders.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression due to cerebrovascular disease: a systematic review.
electroconvulsive therapy modulates neural response to emotional faces in depressed patients: a randomized controlled fmri study.
using diffusion tensor imaging to effectively target tms to deep brain structures.
neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine in elderly adults with major depressive disorder.
motor cortical excitability as a biological predictor and mediator of depression improvement.
cognitive behavioral therapy to sustain the antidepressant effects of ketamine.
transcranial magnetic stimulation affects intrinsic connectivity networks in depression.
combining exergame training with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation: protocol for a randomized controlled study assessing the effect on neuronal structure/function in the elderly brain.
efficacy of single versus three sessions of high rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic migraine and tension-type headache.
opioid use after propofol or sevoflurane anesthesia: a randomized trial.
a lack of clinical effect of high-frequency rtms to dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on bulimic symptoms: a randomised, double-blind trial.
right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ect in geriatric depression: phase 1 of the pride study.
a novel strategy for continuation ect in geriatric depression: phase 2 of the pride study.
study design and methodology for a multicentre, randomised controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation as a treatment for unipolar and bipolar depression.
long-term effects of repeated prefrontal cortex transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on food craving in normal and overweight young adults.
the effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on occupational stress among health care workers: a pilot study.
fluoxetine does not enhance visual perceptual learning and triazolam specifically impairs learning transfer.
treating clinical depression with repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation using the brainsway h1-coil.
brain stimulation treatments in bipolar disorder: a review of the current literature.
the beneficial effect of hypnosis in elective cardiac surgery: a preliminary study.
a proof-of-concept study on the combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and relaxation techniques in chronic tinnitus.
pre-treatment letter fluency performance predicts antidepressant response to transcranial direct current stimulation.
an overview on clinical aspects in magnetic seizure therapy.
impaired synaptic plasticity in rasopathies: a mini-review.
effects of smoking status and madrs retardation factor on response to low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression.
effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation on manual dexterity and motor imagery in patients with multiple sclerosis: a quasi-experimental controlled study.
effect of memantine on cognitive status in geriatrics under electroconvulsive therapy, a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
a systematic review of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for pediatric depression.
randomised-controlled trial of ketamine augmentation of ect on neuropsychological and clinical outcomes in depression (ketamine-ect study).
prefrontal cortex haemodynamic responses in severe major depression and the effects of ect: an fnirs study.
the efficacy of cerebellar vermal deep high frequency (theta range) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in schizophrenia: a randomized rater blind-sham controlled study.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for suicide risk in therapy-resistant depressed patients: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
minimum effective doses of succinylcholine and rocuronium during electroconvulsive therapy: a prospective, randomized, crossover trial.
mood and neuropsychological effects of different doses of ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression.
genetic polymorphisms and the adequacy of brain stimulation: state of the art.
canadian network for mood and anxiety treatments (canmat) 2016 clinical guidelines for the management of adults with major depressive disorder: section 6. special populations: youth, women, and the elderly.
canadian network for mood and anxiety treatments (canmat) 2016 clinical guidelines for the management of adults with major depressive disorder: section 4. neurostimulation treatments.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalised anxiety disorder: a pilot randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
adverse effects of second-generation antipsychotics as adjuncts to antidepressants: are the risks worth the benefits?.
ketamine: future treatment for unresponsive depression?.
electroconvulsive therapy in the maintenance treatment of depressive disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
ect treatment dropouts: retrospective study.
comparison of tms outcomes in complex major depressive disorder: brainsway and neurostar.
does therapeutic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation cause cognitive enhancing effects in patients with neuropsychiatric conditions? a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
deep brain stimulation in bed nucleus of stria terminalis and medial forebrain bundle in a patient with major depressive disorder and anorexia nervosa.
cognitive effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients a randomized, controlled trial.
an investigation of patient preferences for music played before electroconvulsive therapy.
expanded safety and efficacy data for a new method of performing electroconvulsive therapy focal electrically administered seizure therapy.
efficacy and tolerability of buccal buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients with moderate to severe chronic low back pain: results of a phase 3, enriched enrollment, randomized withdrawal study.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
an individualized approach to treatment-resistant bipolar disorder: a case series.
ketamine for treatment-resistant unipolar and bipolar major depression: critical review and implications for clinical practice.
the effects of add-on non-invasive brain stimulation in fibromyalgia: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with quetiapine in treating bipolar ii depression: a randomized, double-blinded, control study.
adjunctive electroconvulsive therapy for schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized rater-masked controlled trials.
effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on major depressive disorder in patients with parkinson’s disease.
placebo-controlled pilot trial testing dose titration and intravenous, intramuscular and subcutaneous routes for ketamine in depression.
unilateral and bilateral mri-targeted repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatmentresistant depression: a randomized controlled study.
florida best practice psychotherapeutic medication guidelines for adults with bipolar disorder: a novel, practical, patient-centered guide for clinicians.
transcranial direct current stimulation to the left parietal lobe combined with training improves naming and digit span in people with dementia.
ventrolateral prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depersonalization disorder: a consecutive case series.
electrophysiological correlates of bilateral and unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with bipolar depression.
early complete remitters after electroconvulsive therapy profile and prognosis.
add-on deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) for the treatment of chronic migraine: a preliminary study.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
interventions for adults with mild intellectual disabilities and mental ill-health: a systematic review.
better than treated as usual: transcranial magnetic stimulation augmentation in selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder, mini-review and pilot open-label trial.
ketamine for treatment of suicidal ideation and reduction of risk for suicidal behavior.
transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
consider second-generation antipsychotics for the management of mixed states in bipolar disorder.
mindfulness for stress management - results of a randomized controlled pilot trial of mindfulness stress-reduction-training (mst).
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the treatment of post-stroke depression: results from a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs fluoxetine on sleep quality and insomnia in patients with major depression.
propofol mitigates learning and memory impairment after electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats by inhibiting autophagy in the hippocampus.
frontal cortex stimulation reduces vigilance to threat: implications for the treatment of depression and anxiety.
identification and management of peripartum depression.
efficacy of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) in women with provoked vestibulodynia: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
mild cognitive impairment in parkinson's disease is improved by transcranial direct current stimulation combined with physical therapy.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and aerobic exercise training (aet) increased plasma bdnf and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from major depressive disorder.
the clinical tms society consensus review and treatment recommendations for tms therapy for major depressive disorder.
adjunctive low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
progress in neurostimulation for psychiatry.
accelerated theta burst stimulation in treatment resistant major depressive disorder: a fast road to remission?.
effect of electrical parameters on ect convulsive threshold and duration.
randomised controlled trial of ketamine in depressed elderly.
cognitive behavior therapy to prevent relapse following intravenous ketamine in treatment-resistant depression.
the network model of depression as a basis for new therapeutic strategies for treating major depressive disorder in parkinson’s disease.
response properties of neurons and synaptic plasticity during pre-critical period of visual development in mouse visual cortex.
deutetrabenazine effect on total motor score in patients with huntington disease (first-hd).
different forms of prefrontal theta burst stimulation for executive function of medication- resistant depression: evidence from a randomized sham-controlled study.
cognitive functioning and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in major psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
therapeutic effects of non-invasive brain stimulation for dystonia.
chronic enhancement of serotonin facilitates excitatory transcranial direct current stimulation-induced neuroplasticity.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
effects of transcranial random noise stimulation (trns) on affect, pain and attention in multiple sclerosis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for fibromyalgia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
a meta-analysis to determine the effect of pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments on fibromyalgia symptoms comprising omeract-10 response criteria.
can medication free, treatment-resistant, depressed patients who initially respond to tms be maintained off medications? a prospective, 12-month multisite randomized pilot study.
psychiatric conditions in parkinson disease.
a systematic review of the clinical efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in psychiatric disorders.
stimulants for depression: on the up and up?.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression.
antidepressive treatments for parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for apathy in mild cognitive impairment.
chronic enhancement of serotonin facilitates excitatory tdcs induced neuroplasticity.
epigenetic alterations of the glia cell-derived neurotrophic factor and response to electroconvulsive stimulation.
impact of psychotic symptoms in functionality and quality of life of major depression patients in maintenance/continuation eletro-convulsive therapy (m/c ect).
the influence of treatment modality on long-term neurocognitive functioning in treatment resistant bipolar depressed inpatients treated with pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy.
structural plasticity of the hippocampus and amygdala induced by electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: an open-label pilot study.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression: results of nearly a decade of clinical research.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in managing mild traumatic brain injury-related headaches.
exploring the efficacy of a 5-day course of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on depression and memory function in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.
rtms in alleviating mild tbi related headaches – a case series.
prevention of relapse and recurrence in adults with major depressive disorder: systematic review and meta-analyses of controlled trials.
randomized pilot study of two maintenance strategies of neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation potentiates glutamatergic neurotransmission in depressed adolescents.
transcranial stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex prevents stress-induced working memory deficits.
role of glutamate receptors and glial cells in the pathophysiology of treatment-resistant depression.
a bayesian framework systematic review and meta-analysis of anesthetic agents effectiveness/tolerability profile in electroconvulsive therapy for major depression.
speed of recovery from disorientation may predict the treatment outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in elderly patients with major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex reduces cocaine use: a pilot study.
nonconventional interventions for chronic post-traumatic stress disorder: ketamine, repetitive trans-cranial magnetic stimulation (rtms), and alternative approaches.
neurophysiological, psychological and behavioural correlates of rtms treatment in alcohol dependence.
comparison between the effects of intravenous morphine, tramadol, and ketorolac on stress and immune responses in patients undergoing modified radical mastectomy.
establishing an effective tms protocol for craving in substance addiction: is it possible?.
implementing treatment strategies for different types of depression.
an open-label, pilot study of daily right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy.
cognition-modulated frontal activity in prediction and augmentation of antidepressant efficacy: a randomized controlled pilot study.
cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression: results from the select-tdcs trial and insights for further clinical trials.
tdcs for the treatment of depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in clinical practice.
the analgesic effect of therapeutic rtms is not mediated or predicted by comorbid psychiatric or sleep disorders.
dexmedetomidine in premedication to attenuate the acute hyperdynamic response to ect: a randomised, double-blind, controlled study.
dual-hemisphere repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for rehabilitation of post-stroke aphasia: a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.
non-pharmacological somatic treatments for bipolar depression.
treatment of bipolar disorder in special populations.
levels of serum immunomodulators and its alteration with electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression.
platform presentation-first time use of sd-809 in huntington disease (first-hd) and alternative for reducing chorea in huntington disease (arc-hd): results from the switch cohort.
update on open-label extension of pridopidine 45 mg twice daily in huntington disease (open-hart): safety, tolerability, and exploratory efficacy.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing chronic pain and the related symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia.
a randomized sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
rapid onset of the effects of combined selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and electroacupuncture on primary depression: a meta-analysis.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life and depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
a comparison study for the optimal stimulation site of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in parkinson's disease.
non-pharmacological interventions for depression in adults and children with traumatic brain injury.
clinical outcomes and neural correlates of 20 sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and enduring anorexia nervosa (the tiara study): study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial.
low doses of ethanol enhance ltd-like plasticity in human motor cortex.
recent advances in neuromodulatory therapies in psychogeriatrics: from tms to ect to vns to both surgical and magnetic dbs.
efficacy of adjunctive high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of right prefrontal cortex in adolescent mania: a randomized sham-controlled study.
royal australian and new zealand college of psychiatrists clinical practice guidelines for mood disorders.
transcranial direct current stimulation to enhance cognition in euthymic bipolar disorder.
comparison among aerobic exercise and other types of interventions to treat depression: a systematic review.
neurobiological mechanisms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression: a systematic review.
comparing the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life.
expanded safety and feasibility data for a new method of performing electroconvulsive therapy (ect). focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast).
connectivity analysis of eeg in depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure.
tuning circuits with interleaved tms/fmri: one session of 10hz left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rtms (4000 pulses) increases the cortical and decreases the striatal bold signal response to a tms 'ping' of that circuit.
the impact of age on cognitive deficits following ect for depression-results from the effect-dep trial.
vascular risk factors in elderly patients with depression: outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus medication.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in the treatment of major depression: an exploratory systematic review and meta-analysis.
a systematic review for the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in addition to tinnitus retraining therapy for treatment of chronic tinnitus patients: a study protocol for a double-blind controlled randomised trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of chronic tinnitus: a randomized controlled study.
effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation for the management of neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury: a meta-analysis.
maternal outcomes at 3 months after planned caesarean section versus planned vaginal birth for twin pregnancies in the twin birth study: a randomised controlled trial.
from randomized controlled trials of antidepressant drugs to the meta-analytic synthesis of evidence: methodological aspects lead to discrepant findings.
challenging treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a roadmap for improved therapeutics.
predicting retrograde autobiographical memory changes following electroconvulsive therapy: relationships between individual, treatment, and early clinical factors.
a randomized placebo-controlled trial of targeted prefrontal cortex modulation with bilateral tdcs in patients with crack-cocaine dependence.
comparative efficacy of ketamine and other pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis.
towards new mechanisms: an update on therapeutics for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
study protocol for the randomised controlled trial: ketamine augmentation of ect to improve outcomes in depression (ketamine-ect study).
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation induces oscillatory power changes in chronic tinnitus.
antidepressant efficacy and side-effect burden: a quick guide for clinicians.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the cognitive rehabilitation of traumatic brain injury (tbi) victims: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
a review of transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and tolerability.
ketamine and other nmda antagonists: early clinical trials and possible mechanisms in depression.
impact comparison of ketamine and sodium thiopental on anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy in major depression patients with drug-resistant.
abnormal anterior cingulate n-acetylaspartate and executive functioning in treatment-resistant depression after rtms therapy.
spaced noninvasive brain stimulation: prospects for inducing long-lasting human cortical plasticity.
ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulators for depression in adults.
effects of l-dopa and pramipexole on plasticity induced by qps in human motor cortex.
analgesic effect of cathodal transcranial current stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in subjects with muscular temporomandibular disorders: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
comparison of the neuropsychological mechanisms of 2,6-diisopropylphenol and n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist against electroconvulsive therapy-induced learning and memory impairment in depressed rats.
transspinal constant-current long-lasting stimulation: a new method to induce cortical and corticospinal plasticity.
the neurobiological mechanisms and treatments of rem sleep disturbances in depression.
dopamine transporter availability in alcohol-dependent patients before and after deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a 123i-fp-cit study.
tms over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex modulates frontostriatal connectivity in depression.
the impact of anesthetic agent on treatment response to electroconvulsive therapy.
graph theoretical analysis of peritreatment resting eeg in depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
examining the role of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing anxiety symptoms comorbid with major depressive disorder by using h-coil technology in a naturalistic clinical study.
therapeutic efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing major depressive disorder symptom severity in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in a naturalistic clinical setting using h-coil technology.
the effect-dep trial - a randomised trial of bitemporal and high-dose unilateral ect for depression (isrctn23577151).
efficacy and cognitive side effects of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ntr1304).
cognitive-behavioural therapy as continuation treatment to sustain response after electroconvulsive therapy in depression (nct00437385).
the effect of bilateral high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition in schizophrenia: a pilot study.
fronto-insular network and prefrontal gaba levels following targeted transcranial theta-burst magnetic stimulation.
a randomised double blind controlled trial of neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in anorexia nervosa.
intermittent theta burst stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of persistent negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
analysis of the rat hippocampal microrna expression profile following chronic electroconvulsive stimulation.
sustained effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in moderate to severe depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for schizophrenia.
plasma levels of soluble tnf receptors 1 and 2 after tdcs and sertraline treatment in major depression: results from the select-tdcs trial.
brain network properties in depressed patients receiving seizure therapy: a graph theoretical analysis of peri-treatment resting eeg.
rtms induced oscillatory power as neuroplastic marker in chronic tinnitus.
suppression of ltp-like associative plasticity in the human sma-m1 network by simultaneous tdcs.
combining tdcs and working memory training to down regulate state rumination: a single-session double blind sham-controlled trial.
neuromodulation therapies for geriatric depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of depression in parkinson disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
relapse and long-term cognitive performance after brief pulse or ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a multicenter naturalistic follow up.
ketamine-mediated alleviation of electroconvulsive shock-induced memory impairment is associated with the regulation of neuroinflammation and soluble amyloid-beta peptide in depressive-like rats.
immediate and sustained effects of 5-day transcranial direct current stimulation of the motor cortex in phantom limb pain.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: a potential new treatment for depression associated with traumatic brain injury.
neuromodulation (desynchronisation) for tinnitus in adults.
headache treatment after electroconvulsive treatment: a single-blinded trial comparator between eletriptan and paracetamol.
effects of comt, drd2, bdnf, and apoe genotypic variation on treatment efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
left prefrontal high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms: a sham-controlled, randomized multicenter trial.
the efficacy of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the medial prefrontal cortex in obsessive compulsive disorder: results from an open-label study.
the hippocampus and tnf: common links between chronic pain and depression.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive performance in treatment-resistant depression. a systematic review.
effectiveness of cognitive processing therapy for male and female u.s. veterans with and without military sexual trauma.
deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with h-coil in alzheimer's disease: a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve quality of life and depression in parkinson's disease.
no benefit from multifocal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor and mood symptoms of parkinson's disease compared to sham stimulation: results of the master-pd study.
impact of tdcs in parkinson's disease on mood, cognition, and motor deficits: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease.
first time use of sd-809 in huntington's disease (first-hd).
modelled cost-effectiveness evaluation of bipolar disorder treatments to guide health policy.
a preliminary evaluation of the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating a depressive episode in bipolar ii disorder.
obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd): practical strategies for pharmacological and somatic treatment in adults.
transcranial cortical stimulation in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorders: efficacy studies.
cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy compared to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant severe depression: a decision model.
can we use brain oscillations to guide treatment of mdd?.
investigating the predictive value of subgenual cingulate cortex activity in beneficial clinical outcome in patients with major depression receiving accelerated hf-rtms.
using interleaved transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms)/fmri to assess the bold response before and after a single 20 minute session of 10hz rtms.
2-coil array rtms for treatment resistant major depression: results from the cervel sham-controlled feasibility study.
a randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression.
a machine learning approach to personalized psychiatric care: prediction of antidepressant response to cognitive behaviour therapy using smart algorithms that analyze brain electrical activity patterns.
preventing cognitive decline in older patients with depression using cognitive remediation and transcranial direct current stimulation.
transcranial magnetic stimulation and resting state connectivity in depression.
modulating tolerability of acute painful stimuli with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) targeting dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
a cost-effectiveness model to guide health policy in bipolar disorder treatment.
validity of the audio recorded cognitive screen (arcs) in the assessment of individuals undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the treatment of patients with secondary headache caused by recurrent unipolar nonpsychotic severe depressive disorder.
evaluation of a home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) treatment device for chronic pain: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
effects of sevoflurane or ketamine on the qtc interval during electroconvulsive therapy.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
placebo-controlled vagus nerve stimulation paired with tones in a patient with refractory tinnitus: a case report.
magnetic seizure therapy in treatment-resistant depression: clinical, neuropsychological and metabolic effects.
age as a risk factor for predicting cognitive deficits following ect.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on cognitive functioning in patients with depression: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy on acute memory retrieval.
do patients with personality disorders respond differentially to electroconvulsive therapy?.
transcranial electric stimulation and neurocognitive training in clinically depressed patients: a pilot study of the effects on rumination.
effect of a 10-day trigeminal nerve stimulation (tns) protocol for treating major depressive disorder: a phase ii, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of adjunctive ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: efficacy and tolerability.
ketamine as a novel treatment for major depressive disorder and bipolar depression: a systematic review and quantitative meta-analysis.
durability of the antidepressant effect of the high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the absence of maintenance treatment in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trials.
effects of acute transcranial direct current stimulation in hot and cold working memory tasks in healthy and depressed subjects.
theta-burst stimulation: a new form of tms treatment for depression?.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
depression and cognition in the elderly.
exercise and severe major depression: effect on symptom severity and quality of life at discharge in an inpatient cohort.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders. part 2: maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder-update 2015.
opioids for chronic noncancer pain: still no evidence for superiority of sustained-release opioids.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in complex regional pain syndrome of stroke patients.
propofol inhibits inflammatory cytokine-mediated glutamate uptake dysfunction to alleviate learning/memory impairment in depressed rats undergoing electroconvulsive shock.
assessment of non-bdnf neurotrophins and gdnf levels after depression treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation in a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial (select-tdcs): an exploratory analysis.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
depression among older adults with diabetes mellitus.
the acdc pilot trial: targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rtms for the treatment of depression.
uncertainty quantification in transcranial magnetic stimulation via high-dimensional model representation.
noninvasive brain stimulation for persistent postconcussion symptoms in mild traumatic brain injury.
treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy versus algorithm-based pharmacological treatment.
speed of remission in elderly patients with depression: electroconvulsive therapy v. medication.
critical analysis of the efficacy of meditation therapies for acute and subacute phase treatment of depressive disorders: a systematic review.
evaluation of etomidate for seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
the impact of accelerated hf-rtms on the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression: insights from <sup>18</sup>fdg pet brain imaging.
pilot study of feasibility of the effect of treatment with tdcs in patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression treated with escitalopram.
assessment of individual clinical outcomes: regarding an electroconvulsive therapy case.
slow-oscillatory transcranial direct current stimulation modulates memory in temporal lobe epilepsy by altering sleep spindle generators: a possible rehabilitation tool.
qeeg theta cordance in the prediction of treatment outcome to prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or venlafaxine er in patients with major depressive disorder.
preventive effect of liothyronine on electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory deficit in patients with major depressive disorder: a double-blind controlled clinical trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor symptoms in parkinson disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
memantine in the prevention or alleviation of electroconvulsive therapy induces cognitive disorders: a placebo controlled trial.
psychiatric considerations in the oncology setting.
a randomized controlled trial of brief and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
transcranial direct current stimulation: the effects on plegic upper extremity motor function of patients with stroke.
propofol can protect against the impairment of learning-memory induced by electroconvulsive shock via tau protein hyperphosphorylation in depressed rats.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
the escitalopram versus electric current therapy for treating depression clinical study (elect-tdcs): rationale and study design of a non-inferiority, triple-arm, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of refractory symptoms of schizophrenia. current evidence and future directions.
the risk factors, consequences, treatment, and importance of gestational depression.
non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of symptoms following traumatic brain injury.
treatment of affective disorders in cardiac disease.
concordance between beamf3 and mri-neuronavigated target sites for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
neuropsychiatric symptoms in parkinson's disease.
interventions for neuropsychiatric symptoms in neurocognitive impairment due to alzheimer's disease: a review of the literature.
management of central poststroke pain: systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of tranylcypromine in bipolar depression: a systematic review.
effect of memantine on cognitive performance in patients under electroconvulsive therapy a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adult and youth populations: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
investigating the synergistic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and cranial electrical stimulation in treatment of major depression in a double blinded controlled trial.
update on neuromodulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation as a treatment for patients with fibromyalgia: a randomized controlled trial.
application of transcranial direct current stimulation to psychiatric disorders: trends and perspectives.
dual arm randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression-interim analysis.
antidepressant effect of combined ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy on patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized trial.
distinct patterns of cortical thickness predict rtms treatment response.
efficacy of adjunctive neuronavigated repetitive trans cranial magnetic stimulation(rtms) in localization related epilepsy in children and adolescents: a sham-controlled study.
effect of adjuvant rtms on childhood obsessivecompulsive disorder (ocd).
paired-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (pptms) in measures of cortical inhibition during propofol infusion.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of brief vs ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression.
assessment of efficacy of cognitive behavior therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression symptoms' reduction.
efficacy, relaps and cognitive side effects after brief pulse and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive the for major depression: a randomised double blind controlled study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation neurophysiologic and therapeutic studies in child and adolescent depression.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms for major depression: safety, tolerability, and effectiveness for 10 hz versus itbs 185 in consecutive cases.
intermittent theta-burst versus 10 hz left dorsolateral prefrontal rtms for treatment resistant depression: preliminary results from a two-site, randomized, single blind noninferiority trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) effects on depression, negative symptoms and cognition in schizophrenia.
tms is a cost effective alternative to antidepressant medication in pharmacoresistant major depression: a propensity-score matched health economic analysis.
reduction of pain-related symptoms with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment in depressed patients.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: antidepressant efficacy and three-month follow-up.
retraining the brain to beat depression: tdcs and cognitive control training.
non invasive brain stimulation therapy restores neuroplasticity in depression.
a randomized controlled comparison of neuro-navigated unilateral vs sequential bilateral rtms for treatment resistant depression.
the efficacy and safety of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: singleblind, randomized study.
the role of co-morbid personality pathology in the outcome of electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
augmentation effect of low frequency-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over pre-supplementary motor area in obsessive compulsive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive episode with poor drug-response: a comparative study between different protocols of high and low frequency stimulation.
the key role of the subgenual cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression and accelerated hf-rtms.
safety and efficacy of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
one step closer to patient-specific brain treatments: interleaved transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms)/fmri to assess the fmri bold response before and after high frequency repetitive tms treatment.
the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in improving cognitive functioning in depression: a meta-analysis.
the relationship between treatment parameters and efficacy with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analytic study.
non-invasive brain stimulation e a modern approach to improved therapy of nicotin addiction?.
a randomized controlled trial of intranasal ketamine in major depressive disorder.
cognitive processing therapy for male veterans with military sexual trauma-related posttraumatic stress disorder.
frontal mst for treatment resistant depression.
rtms using summation of electromagnetic fields from a two-coil array: efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
the differential effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on autobiographical memory specificity.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a review of emerging clinical evidence and considerations for optimal electrodes montage.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmentative strategy for treatment-resistant depression, a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled study.
non-pharmacological interventions for chronic pain in people with spinal cord injury.
the 4th schizophrenia international research society conference, 5-9 april 2014, florence, italy: a summary of topics and trends.
excess mortality in bipolar disorders.
relapse prevention after index electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized sham-controlled study.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life in parkinson's disease.
managing cardiovascular disease risk in patients treated with antipsychotics: a multidisciplinary approach.
effects of tdcs on executive function in parkinson's disease.
increase in pas-induced neuroplasticity after a treatment courseof transcranial direct current stimulation for depression.
effects of electroconvulsive stimulation on p11 promoter methylation in humans and rats.
predictors of dbs response: the impact of anhedonia and dopamine.
deep brain stimulation does not have a negative impact on autobiographical memories in therapy resistant major depressive disorder.
functional remediation in bipolar disorder: results of the one-year follow-up.
socio-demographic and clinical predictors of non response/non remission in treatment resistant depressed patients: a systematic review.
bilateral vs. unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treatment of major depression during pregnancy: study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for panic disorder in adults.
the efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: the results from a large multicenter french rct.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for treating posttraumatic stress disorder: an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
a review of the use of stimulants and stimulant alternatives in treating bipolar depression and major depressive disorder.
verbal fluency as a predictor of retrograde autobiographical memory after electroconvulsive therapy.
response without remission with right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ect switch to brief pulse unilateral ect can be effective. a report of 2 cases.
transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for tinnitus.
a review of cognitive changes associated with postelectroconvulsive therapy (ect).
deep brain stimulation for depression: scientific and ethical issues.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in neuropathic pain secondary to malignancy: a randomized clinical trial.
what saccadic eye movements tell us about tms-induced neuromodulation of the dlpfc and mood changes: a pilot study in bipolar disorders.
cognitive-behavioral therapy as continuation treatment to sustain response after electroconvulsive therapy in depression: a randomized controlled trial.
augmentative transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in poor responder depressed patients: a follow-up study.
a randomized controlled trial of targeted prefrontal cortex modulation with tdcs in patients with alcohol dependence.
some psychotropic effects of kolanut (cola nitida) in adult wistar rats.
transcranial magnetic stimulation of deep brain regions in alzheimer's disease.
cognitive control therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: a randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
predictive value of baseline resistance in early response to antidepressants.
probing changes in corticospinal excitability following continuous theta burst stimulation of the human motor cortex.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd).
therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
suppressing cortical hyperexcitability of right parietal cortex by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) relieved the anxiety symptom of patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
cognitive behavioural therapy for treatment of insomnia in older adults with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis: a randomized trial.
a deep sequencing study of circulating microrna levels in peripheral whole blood following ect for severe depression.
dopaminergic modulation of cortical plasticity in alzheimer's disease patients.
more female patients and fewer stimuli per session are associated with the short-term antidepressant properties of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): a meta-analysis of 54 sham-controlled studies published between 1997-2013.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an adjuvant method in the treatment of depression: preliminary results.
translational use of tdcs in major depressive disorder: focus on neuroplasticity.
tdcs as a monotherapy for depression: results from a randomized clinical trial and follow-up study.
tdcs as an add-on therapy: the augmentative role of tdcs for the treatment of depression.
ultrabrief right unilateral ect in geriatric depression: antidepressant and cognitive outcomes.
a randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression-interim analysis.
effectiveness of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
predictors of changes in retrograde autobiographical memory following electroconvulsive therapy.
transcranial random noise stimulation: a new approach to stimulating the brain.
the effects of daily rtms on c-reactive protein in patients with fibromyalgia.
open label treatment with tdcs for parkinson's and related disorders for improvement of speech, gait and mood.
fibromyalgia syndrome: the efficacy of aerobic exercise.
cognitive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with neurodegenerative diseases - clinician's perspective.
different regimens of intravenous sedatives or hypnotics for electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in adult patients with depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and mood in patients with temporel lobe epilepsy.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of chronic tinnitus: a randomized, double-blind, sham controlled study.
deep transcranial magnet stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis-a clinical phase iiia study.
deep transcranial magnet stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis-a clinical phase i/iia study.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and mood in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
working memory improvement with non-invasive brain stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on treatment-resistant pyschotic symptoms and brain functional-connectivity in patients with schizophrenia.
does rtms help to improve negative symptoms in schizophrenia? results from a randomized controlled trial in the netherlands.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces cigarette consumption in schizophrenia patients.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for fatigue in multiple sclerosis.
efficacy of high frequency [10 hz] repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the primary motor cortex in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome: a randomized, double blind, sham-controlled trial.
biological markers in noninvasive brain stimulation trials in major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
comparison between high and low frequency repetitive tms in the acute treatment of drug-resistant major depression.
the effect of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on attention network function in healthy humans.
maternal 3 month outcomes after planned cesarean (cs) vs planned vaginal birth (vb) for twin pregnancies: the twin birth study (tbs).
repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation relieves pain in fibromyalgia patients: an electrophysiological approach to evaluate pain.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment studies in depression and anxiety disorders.
transcranial magnetic stimulation as a neurophysiologic and therapeutic tool in bipolar disorders.
delusional depression in late-life: treatment effects on mood, psychosis, cognition and the brain.
differential effect of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
enhanced caregiver training protocol for hospital discharge.
health-related quality of life and device-acceptance in patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillators and telemonitoring.
d2 agonist administration restores altered cortical plasticity in alzheimer's disease patients.
rapid antidepressant effects of repeated doses of ketamine compared with electroconvulsive therapy in hospitalized patients with major depressive disorder.
a computational modelling study of transcranial direct current stimulation montages used in depression.
a review of ketamine in affective disorders: current evidence of clinical efficacy, limitations of use and pre-clinical evidence on proposed mechanisms of action.
treatment of major depression with bilateral theta burst stimulation: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
solving the orientation specific constraints in transcranial magnetic stimulation by rotating fields.
sevoflurane/remifentanil versus propofol/remifentanil for electroconvulsive therapy: comparison of seizure duration and haemodynamic responses.
current electroconvulsive therapy practice and research in the geriatric population.
comparison of blinding effectiveness between sham tdcs and placebo sertraline in a 6-week major depression randomized clinical trial.
iv ketamine efficacy in the outpatient clinic for treatment-resistant mood disorders.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
therapeutic effects of non-invasive brain stimulation with direct currents (tdcs) in neuropsychiatric diseases.
differential improvement in depressive symptoms for tdcs alone and combined with pharmacotherapy: an exploratory analysis from the sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study.
glutamate receptor antagonists as fast-acting therapeutic alternatives for the treatment of depression: ketamine and other compounds.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of trials of treatment of depression from india.
ketamine as antidepressant? current state and future perspectives.
is life better after motor cortex stimulation for pain control? results at long-term and their prediction by preoperative rtms.
concurrent cognitive control training augments the antidepressant efficacy of tdcs: a pilot study.
novel neurotherapeutics in psychiatry: use and rationale of transcranial direct current stimulation in major depressive disorder.
randomized, proof-of-principle clinical trial of active transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic migraine.
predominant polarity as a course specifier for bipolar disorder: a systematic review.
aftercare services for patients with severe mental disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
accelerated hf-rtms in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: insights from subgenual anterior cingulate functional connectivity.
can transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) alleviate symptoms and improve cognition in psychiatric disorders?.
sublingual buprenorphine for acute renal colic pain management: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial.
impact of transcranial direct current stimulation on fatigue in multiple sclerosis.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
depression and chronic kidney disease: a review for clinicians.
randomized trial of transcranial direct current stimulation and hearing aids for tinnitus management.
cognitive effects of treatment of depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
beta-blocking agents during electroconvulsive therapy: a review.
bdnf blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with mood disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcutaneous vagus and trigeminal nerve stimulation for neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
more ubiquitous effects from non-pharmacologic than from pharmacologic treatments for fibromyalgia syndrome: a meta-analysis examining six core symptoms.
induction of a depression-like negativity bias by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
enhancement of affective processing induced by bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with major depression.
brain stimulation in the treatment of late-life severe mental illness other than unipolar nonpsychotic depression.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
comparing effects of ketamine and thiopental administration during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind study.
clinical and cost-eff ectiveness of cognitive behaviour therapy for health anxiety in medical patients: a multicentre randomised controlled trial.
a double-blind, randomized trial of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for autism spectrum disorder.
improvement in quality of life with left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with pharmacoresistant major depression: acute and six month outcomes.
two of three patients with multiple chemical sensitivity had less symptoms and secondary hyperalgesia after transcranially applied pulsed electromagnetic fields.
best practices for intrathecal drug delivery for pain.
what was learned: studies by the consortium for research in ect (core) 1997-2011.
the challenge of treatment in bipolar depression: evidence from clinical guidelines, treatment recommendations and complex treatment situations.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the right prefrontal cortex combined with partial sleep deprivation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
no change in neuropsychological functioning after receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depression.
bdnf plasma levels after antidepressant treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation: results from a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
a two-site pilot randomized 3 day trial of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for suicidal inpatients.
impact of two or less missing treatment sessions on tdcs clinical efficacy: results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial in major depression.
a systematic review of the clinical relevance of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
interest of targeting either cortical area brodmann 9 or 46 in rtms treatment for depression: a preliminary randomized study.
can intermittent theta burst stimulation as add-on to psychotherapy improve nicotine abstinence? results from a pilot study.
risk factors for serious prescription opioid-related toxicity or overdose among veterans health administration patients.
efficacy of continuation/maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for the prevention of recurrence of a major depressive episode in adults with unipolar depression: a systematic review.
evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms).
ketamine administration in depressive disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
feasibility study of a treatment by rtms in fibromyalgia, about 20 patients.
electroconvulsive therapy and aerobic exercise training increased bdnf and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
intra-articular lidocaine versus intravenous analgesia and sedation for manual closed reduction of acute anterior shoulder dislocation: an updated meta-analysis.
response, remission and drop-out rates following high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
is the transcranial magnetic stimulation an adjunctive treatment in fibromyalgia patients?.
the potential of transcranial magnetic stimulation for population-based application: a region-based illustrated brief overview.
high frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for replacing treatment of depression by electroconvulsive therapy: a meta analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depressive disorder - a randomized, single-blind, antidepressants-controlled study.
emerging antidepressants to treat major depressive disorder.
the acute effects of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicide risk in unipolar depression: preliminary results.
the efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: the results from a large multicenter french rct.
neuromodulation therapies in the elderly depressed patient.
depression in the elderly.
does non-invasive brain stimulation improve cognition in major depressive disorder? a systematic review.
psychological treatments for cognitive dysfunction in major depressive disorder: current evidence and perspectives.
transcranial brain stimulation techniques for major depression: should we extend tms lessons to tdcs?.
[the effectiveness of early rehabilitation of the patients presenting with ischemic stroke].
post-stroke depression therapy: where are we now?.
effects of exercise on anxiety and depression disorders: review of meta-analyses and neurobiological mechanisms.
bupropion in the depression-related sexual dysfunction: a systematic review.
current directions in non-invasive low intensity electric brain stimulation for depressive disorder.
a review of current clinical practice in the treatment of major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the orbitofrontal cortex for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a double-blind, crossover study.
the effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neurocognitive function in treatment-resistant bipolar disorder depression.
thinking and acting beyond the positive: the role of the cognitive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
left versus right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder: a systematic review protocol.
somatic treatments excluding psychopharmacology in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a review.
nerve blocks for initial pain management of femoral fractures in children.
glutamate and its receptors in the pathophysiology and treatment of major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis of stimulus parameter effects.
autobiographical and subjective memory with right unilateral high-dose 0.3-millisecond ultrabrief-pulse and 1-millisecond brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial.
effects of propofol on expression of hippocampal neuronal nitric oxide synthase and carboxy-terminal pdz ligand of neuronal nitric oxide synthase in stressed rats undergoing electroconvulsive shock.
mechanisms of antidepressant resistance.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect): important parameters which influence its effectiveness.
neuron specific enolase and serum remain unaffected by ultra high frequency left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a preliminary study.
corticospinal excitability during walking in humans with absent and partial body weight support.
behavioral effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) induced dorsolateral prefrontal cortex plasticity in alcohol dependence.
efficacy of clonidine versus phenobarbital in reducing neonatal morphine sulfate therapy days for neonatal abstinence syndrome. a prospective randomized clinical trial.
a two-site pilot study suggests that three days (9 sessions) of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) is feasible, safe, and reduces suicidal thinking in suicidal inpatients.
the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on verbal learning and memory.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation enhances sleep quality of patients with comorbid major depressive disorder and insomnia.
can sleep disturbance in depression predict repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) treatment response?.
dose-remission of pulsating electromagnetic fields as augmentation in therapy-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind controlled study.
a meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled treatment trials for depression and anxiety in parkinson's disease.
impact of 5-httlpr and bdnf polymorphisms on response to sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation: implications for the serotonergic system.
the painfulness of active, but not sham, transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases rapidly over time: results from the double-blind phase of the opt-tms trial.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary foot motor area in parkinson's disease.
relapse following successful electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
phase ii study comparing cisplatin/ etoposide and weekly paclitaxol/carboplatin regimens with concurrent thoracic radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer.
evidence-based treatments in therapy-resistant bipolar depression.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the prevention of relapse of depression: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
heart rate variability is a trait marker of major depressive disorder: evidence from the sertraline vs electric current therapy to treat depression clinical study.
effect of serotonin on paired associative stimulation-induced plasticity in the human motor cortex.
h-coil repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for pain relief in patients with diabetic neuropathy.
maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces depression relapse: a propensity-adjusted analysis.
biologically based treatment approaches to the patient with resistant perinatal depression.
demographic evaluation of patients treated with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in a university hospital.
subgenual anterior cingulate cortical functional connectivity in treatment-resistant depression.
a randomized study of escitalopram and paroxetine controlled-release in the treatment of japanese patients with major depressive disorder.
the manacor study on treatment effectiveness in mania.
treating pharmacoresistant depression in psychogeriatry-should electroconvulsive therapy or intravenous seropram be used?.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for auditory hallucinations: a randomised controlled, cross-over study.
treatment of cognitive deficits in adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia: a randomised controlled trial of cognitive remediation.
is ect effective when used in cases of vascular depression?.
deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis: results from a clinical phase 1/2a study.
trials in psychiatry.
tdcs-from resting state network modulation to enhancing psychotherapy.
combined left-and right-prefrontal rtms in depression: theta-burst vs. tonic rtms vs. sham stimulation.
modulation of healthy and disturbed cognitive control with transcranial direct current stimulation.
robotized-navigated low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the right motor and prefrontal cortex improved pain and fatigue in patients with macrophagic myofasciitis.
therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression. a double-blind shamcontrolled study.
anaesthesia with s-ketamine and etomidate during electroconvulsive therapy of therapy-resistant major depression.
rtms in the management of depression subtypes-an analysis of 160 cases.
unmet needs in psychopharmacology. pharmacotherapy of acute mania: an update.
efficacy of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review.
effects of exercise on mobility in people with parkinson's disease.
a goal management intervention for polyarthritis patients: rationale and design of a randomized controlled trial.
serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor are unchanged after transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
prefrontal cortical blood flow predicts response of depression to rtms.
a self-management approach using self-initiated action plans for symptoms with ongoing nurse support in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and comorbidities: the cope-iii study protocol.
effects of s-ketamine as an anesthetic adjuvant to propofol on treatment response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized pilot study.
a double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the impact of galantamine on anterograde memory impairment during electroconvulsive therapy.
augmenting transcranial direct current stimulation with d-cycloserine for depression: a pilot study.
intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) for the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
effects on cognitive function in treatment resistant bipolar depression: ect compared to algorithm based pharmacological treatment.
deep transcranial magnet stimulation improves depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis.
deep brain stimulation of nucleus accumbens and posterior subgenual cingulate do not result in lasting benefits for patients with chronic and severe treatment resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the management of acute post-spine surgery pain: a prospective randomized controlled trial.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacoresistant drug-free patients with unipolar non-psychotic chronic and severe depression.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for negative symptoms of schizophrenia: findings from a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields for multiple chemical sensitivity: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression: analysis of response using a three-factor structure of the montgomery-åsberg depression rating scale.
a retrospective comparison of the effects of propofol and etomidate on stimulus variables and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in depressed inpatients.
treatment of bipolar depression.
comprehensive treatment for co-occurring child maltreatment and parental substance abuse: outcomes from a 24-month pilot study of the mst-building stronger families program.
the sertraline versus electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study (select-tdcs): results of the crossover and follow-up phases.
world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders, part 1: update 2013 on the acute and continuation treatment of unipolar depressive disorders.
effect of two weeks of rtms on brain activity in healthy subjects during an n-back task: a randomized double blind study.
efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) versus electroconvulsive therapy (ect) for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
treatment resistant depression: strategies for primary care topical collection on psychiatry in primary care.
guideline for treatment of bipolar disorder by the japanese society of mood disorders, 2012.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression during pregnancy.
antidepressant effects of the muscarinic cholinergic receptor antagonist scopolamine: a review.
ameliorating treatment-refractory depression with intranasal ketamine: potential nmda receptor actions in the pain circuitry representing mental anguish.
a review of antidepressant therapy in primary care: current practices and future directions.
blinding integrity in randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression and schizophrenia: a systematic review of recent meta-analyses.
clinical study on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the improvement of sleep quality in patients with depression.
continuation electroconvulsive therapy with pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone for prevention of relapse of depression: a randomized controlled trial.
low-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) effectiveness of the first treatment.
risk-benefit & decision analyses of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in treatment refractory depression.
concomitant anticonvulsants in bitemporal ect: seizure and clinical effects.
treatment resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy and algorithm based pharmacological treatment.
neurocognitive rehabilitation by improving motor planning versus treadmill training for freezing of gait in parkinson's disease: a clinical and transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) study.
improvement in depression ratings after the first electroconvulsive therapy (ect): preliminary data from phase i of the pride study.
randomized controlled trial assessing the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder in pregnancy.
speed of response in ultrabrief and brief pulse width right unilateral ect.
therapeutic time window of noninvasive brain stimulation for pain treatment: inhibition of maladaptive plasticity with early intervention.
brain stimulation therapies for treatment-resistant depression.
methodological differences between pharmacological treatment guidelines for bipolar disorder: what to do for the clinicians?.
a 12-month naturalistic observation of three patients receiving repeat intravenous ketamine infusions for their treatment-resistant depression.
indications for electroconvulsive treatment in schizophrenia: a systematic review.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the assessment of motor cortex excitability and treatment of drug-resistant major depression.
deep brain stimulation for severe treatment-resistant depression.
acceleration of treatment response utilizing concurrent triiodothyronine with right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in patients with treatment resistant depression.
deep transcranial magentic stimualtion for the treatment of major depression: a large multi center study.
concomitant anticonvulsants with electoconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial with clinical, cognitive and neurobiological implications.
cognition-engineered enhancement of anterior cingulate function in boosting antidepressant efficacy: a randomized controlled pilot study.
a randomized, blinded, sham, controlled crossover pilot study of transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar depression.
safety and therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar depression.
acute effects on autobiographical and subjective memory with right unilateral high-dose 0.3 ms ultra-brief and 1 ms brief pulse ect: a double-blind randomised controlled trial.
supplementary motor area stimulation for parkinson disease: a randomized controlled study.
tms in therapy of depressions - the problem of determining the area to be stimulated, i.e., a few words about the anatomy of depressive disorders.
randomized trial demonstrates that extended-release epidural morphine may provide safe pain control for lumbar surgery patients.
amelioration of cognitive control in depression by transcranial direct current stimulation.
acoustic evaluation of short-term effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor aspects of speech in parkinson's disease.
treatment of depression in cardiovascular disease.
study of effect of slow frequency repeated transcranial magnetic field on modulation of pain in fibromyalgia patients.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
acute working memory improvement after tdcs in antidepressant-free patients with major depressive disorder.
psychiatric care in parkinson's disease.
electroconvulsive therapy, the placebo effect and informed consent.
clinically meaningful efficacy and acceptability of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating primary major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
pharmacological strategies in the prevention of relapse after electroconvulsive therapy.
effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder: a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial.
phase 2 study comparing cisplatin/etoposide and weekly paclitaxel/carboplatin regimens with concurrent thoracic radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
prophylactic treatment with repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the visual cortex decrease the number of attacks in patients with menstrual migraine.
a patient-level meta-analysis of studies evaluating vagus nerve stimulation therapy for treatment-resistant depression.
interventions for smoking cessation and reduction in individuals with schizophrenia.
are neuroticism and extraversion associated with the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms)? an exploratory 4-week trial.
the effects of a single mild dose of morphine on chemoreflexes and breathing in obstructive sleep apnea.
evidence-based treatment strategies for treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a systematic review.
use of liothyronine in preventing electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment: evaluation.
a randomized clinical trial of cognitive processing therapy for veterans with ptsd related to military sexual trauma.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating fibromyalgia syndrome: a systematic review.
left dorsolateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms): sleep factor changes during treatment in patients with pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder.
sustaining remission of psychotic depression: rationale, design and methodology of stop-pd ii.
randomized sham controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of panic disorder with comorbid major depression.
study the effects of neuroplasticity on major depression disorder in rtms combined with antidepressant treatments.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the motor cortex in the treatment of chronic nonspecific low back pain: a randomized, double-blind exploratory study.
current diagnosis and treatment of anxiety disorders.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates and enhances the clinical response to antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trials.
the sertraline vs electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study.
treatment for depression following mild traumatic brain injury in adults: a meta-analysis.
a review of current evidence for vilazodone in major depressive disorder.
acute pain management with intravenous 0.10 mg/kg vs. 0.15 mg/kg morphine sulfate in limb traumatized patients: a randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in consultation-liaison psychiatry.
antidepressant augmentation using the n-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist memantine: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
new brain stimulation methods in psychiatry: tdcs for the treatment of depression.
the role of oxytocin in psychiatric disorders: a review of biological and therapeutic research findings.
efficacy and cognitive side effects after brief pulse and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a randomized, double-blind, controlled study.
clinical trial in the treatment of 80 iranian patients with major depression disorder by the combination of omega 3 fatty acid and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor.
reduction of pain thresholds in fibromyalgia after very low-intensity magnetic stimulation: a double-blinded, randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial.
comparing the effects of propofol-ketamine to propofol-saline on myalgia post electroconvulsive therapy.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex does not affect cognition in patients with fibromyalgia.
clinical utility of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
poor health-related quality of life prior to ect in depressed patients normalizes with sustained remission after ect.
the expanding evidence base for rtms treatment of depression.
long-term depression-like plasticity of the blink reflex for the treatment of blepharospasm.
a 6-week randomized controlled trial with 4-week follow-up of acupuncture combined with paroxetine in patients with major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd): an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials.
daily repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of primary motor cortex for neuropathic pain: a randomized, multicenter, double-blind, crossover, sham-controlled trial.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy and acceptability of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression.
individual music therapy for mental health care clients with low therapy motivation: multicentre randomised controlled trial.
clinical practice guideline: the diagnosis and treatment of bipolar disorder-recommendations from the current s3 guideline.
neuropsychological and mood effects of ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: a randomised controlled trial.
fatigue in multiple sclerosis - a brief review.
equivalent brain spect perfusion changes underlying therapeutic efficiency in pharmacoresistant depression using either high-frequency left or low-frequency right prefrontal rtms.
low-vs high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for refractory depression.
current pharmacological treatments for tinnitus.
physical treatments.
psychotic depression - beyond the antidepressant/antipsychotic combination.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on fibromyalgia: a randomized sham-controlled trial with 1-mo follow-up.
lack of data on depression-like states and antidepressant pharmacotherapy in patients with epilepsy: randomised controlled trials are badly needed.
chronic depression: a concept to be revised.
comparison of ictal electroencephalogram between ultrabrief- and brief-pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a multitaper jackknife analysis.
strategies to augment recovery after stroke.
effects of propofol on the activation of hippocampal camkiiα in depressed rats receiving electroconvulsive therapy.
comparison of the neurocognitive effects between acute course magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy: a preliminary report.
the generalizability of psychotherapy efficacy trials in major depressive disorder: an analysis of the influence of patient selection in efficacy trials on symptom outcome in daily practice.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic tinnitus: a systematic review.
the role of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the tower of london task performance: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation study in patients with parkinson's disease.
psychiatric syndromes in parkinson's disease.
treatment of mixed states.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical, social, and cognitive performance in postpartum depression.
postoperative analgesia with epidural opioids after cesarean section: comparison of sufentanil, morphine and sufentanil-morphine combination.
top down prefrontal affective modulation of tinnitus with multiple sessions of tdcs of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
long-term efficacy of repeated daily prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in treatmnt-resistant depression.
ketamine for depression: where do we go from here?.
no deleterious effect on mood and cognition after ten repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation sessions: a double-blind sham study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and pharmacological treatment in patients with major depressive disorder.
what are the next steps? combating inadequate response in mdd.
use of ect in drug-refractory schizophrenia - a survey of the current literature.
cerebellum to motor cortex paired associative stimulation induces bidirectional stdp-like plasticity in human motor cortex.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
evidence-based options for treatment-resistant adult bipolar disorder patients.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: response factor.
heartache and heartbreak-the link between depression and cardiovascular disease.
the involvement of the left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in tinnitus: a tms study.
rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine in the electroconvulsive therapy setting.
effects of non-invasive cortical stimulation on fatigue and quality of life in post-polio patients: a double blind realsham study.
treatment of depression by rtms: do the neuro-anatomic criteria matter?.
the consecutive effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on motor and non-motor symptoms of parkinson's disease.
mk-801 or dnqx reduces electroconvulsive shock-induced impairment of learning-memory and hyperphosphorylation of tau in rats.
assessing and managing depression and fatigue in motor neuron disease.
modulation of soleus h reflex by spinal dc stimulation in humans.
lithium: a switch from ltd- to ltp-like plasticity in human cortex.
symptomatic treatment of interferon-α-induced depression in hepatitis c: a systematic review.
neuromodulation therapies and treatment-resistant depression.
acute treatment of mania in children and adolescents.
how biomarkers will change psychiatry. part ii: biomarker selection and potential inflammatory markers of depression.
efficacy of memoral herbal on prevention of electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment in mood disorder patients (isfahan - iran 2011).
a comparison of propofol and thiopentone for electroconvulsive therapy.
successful treatment of catatonic syndrome in bipolar i disorder adding aripiprazole to ect: a case report.
folates and s-adenosylmethionine for major depressive disorder.
clinical applications of noninvasive electrical stimulation: problems and potential.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
from psychoanalysis to pharmacotherapy: 1951-2011.
speed of response in bitemporal and bifrontal ect: a case series.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on myofascial trigger pain syndrome.
effect of electroconvulsive shock on the glutamate level and the hyperphosphorylation of protein tau in depression rat models whose olfactory bulbs were removed.
effects of propofol and ketamine as combined anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive disorder.
new drug targets in depression: inflammatory, cell-mediate immune, oxidative and nitrosative stress, mitochondrial, antioxidant, and neuroprogressive pathways. and new drug candidates-nrf2 activators and gsk-3 inhibitors.
clinical use of transcranial direct current stimulation in depressive disorders: the state of the art.
a randomized controlled trial of mindfulness-based stress reduction to manage affective symptoms and improve quality of life in gay men living with hiv.
an extension of hypotheses regarding rapid-acting, treatment-refractory, and conventional antidepressant activity of dextromethorphan and dextrorphan.
effects of electroconvulsive stimulation on long-term potentiation and synaptophysin in the hippocampus of rats with depressive behavior.
comparing efficacy of ect with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy in manic patients.
remifentanil added to propofol for induction of anesthesia can reduce reorientation time after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with severe mania.
effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) applied on the primary motor cortex, on pain threshold in patients with parkinson's disease: a physiopathological study.
maintenance treatment in bipolar disorder.
effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial.
sevoflurane and propofol safety for electroconvulsive therapy.
evaluation of hypokinetic dysarthria in parkinson's disease and effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and dopaminergic treatment by means of voice signal analysis and fmri.
safety and efficacy of repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in multiple sclerosis.
electroconvulsive stimulation alters levels of bdnf-related micrornas.
treatment options for acute depression in bipolar disorder.
a randomized trial comparing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation given 3 days/week and 5 days/week for the treatment of major depression: is efficacy related to the duration of treatment or the number of treatments?.
combining pre-treatment clinical information to improve performance in prediction of response to rtms therapy for mdd.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms in major depression: safety, efficacy, and tolerability.
sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial (select tdcs): results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial.
post-ictal eeg suppression during early course of electroconvulsive therapy(ect) predicts clinical improvement following a course of six ect sessions in bipolar and schizoaffective disorders.
ect attenuates the rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine.
long lasting modulation of cortical oscillations after continuous theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.
ect efficacy and treatment course: a systematic review and meta-analysis of twice vs thrice weekly schedules.
systematic review and meta-analysis of bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy versus bilateral and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in depression.
can repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation prolong the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation?.
the neurobiology of depression.
efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar versus unipolar major depression: a meta-analysis.
exploration and modulation of brain network interactions with noninvasive brain stimulation in combination with neuroimaging.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram in young patients with first-episode major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (m-ect) after acute response: examining the evidence for who, what, when, and how?.
treatment resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy.
the neurocognitive profile in depressed therapy resistant bipolar disorder inpatients.
garden rehabilitation stabilises inf-gamma and il-2 levels but does not relieve depressive-symptoms.
therapeutic devices for epilepsy.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases white matter fa in the left middle frontal gyrus in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
a sham controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for posttraumatic stress disorder.
effect of three different dosages of magnesium sulfate on attenuating hemodynamic responses after electroconvulsive therapy:a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
[effects of diazepam and levodopa single doses on motor cortex plasticity modulation in healthy human subjects: a tms study].
clinical practice guidelines for management of neuropathic pain: expert panel recommendations for south africa.
comparison between the effect of liothyronine and piracetam on personal information, orientation and mental control in patients under treatment with ect.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) over the motor cortex on complex regional pain syndrome patients.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
effect of ginkgo biloba pill on patients with major depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in depressed elderly patients: a systematic review.
cognitive behavioral therapy-related increases in cortical inhibition in problematic perfectionists.
roles of glutamate signaling in preclinical and/or mechanistic models of depression.
effects of low versus high frequencies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function and cortical excitability in alzheimer's dementia.
somatic treatments for mood disorders.
effect of etomidate versus thiopental on major depressive disorder in electroconvulsive therapy, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial.
pharmacological treatment approaches to difficult-to-treat depression.
low frequency repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation improves motor performance in patients with parkinson's disease.
effectiveness of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with chronic low back pain: design, method and protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
theta-patterned, frequency-modulated priming stimulation enhances low-frequency, right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depression: a randomized, sham-controlled study.
comparison of antidepressant effects between brief and ultrabrief pulse unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: brief report of a randomized double-blind trial.
therapeutic interventions for vascular depression: a systematic review.
sleep and circadian dysregulation in depressive illness. pharmacological implications.
electroconvulsive therapy and melancholia: review of the literature and suggestions for further study.
baseline brain metabolism in resistant depression and response to transcranial magnetic stimulation.
when she says "no" to medication: psychotherapy for antepartum depression.
treatment of pediatric status epilepticus.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of major depressive disorder, a randomized controlled clinical trial.
relapse rates in psychotic depression are lower than in non-psychotic depression after a successful course of electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation coupled with a multidisciplinary rehabilitation program for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
can temporal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation be enhanced by targeting affective components of tinnitus with frontal rtms? a randomized controlled pilot trial.
placebo effect after prefrontal magnetic stimulation in the treatment of resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
ten sessions of adjunctive left prefrontal rtms significantly reduces fibromyalgia pain: a randomized, controlled pilot study.
improving the antidepressant efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation: maximizing the number of stimulations and treatment location in treatment-resistant depression.
a randomised controlled study of ultra-brief electroconvulsive therapy at eight times seizure threshold.
inflammation in depression: is adiposity a cause?.
hormone treatment of depression.
tinnitus and depression.
the movement disorder society evidence-based medicine review update: treatments for the non-motor symptoms of parkinson's disease.
the use of ect and mst in treating depression.
differential effects of deep tms of the prefrontal cortex on apathy and depression.
exercise and severe depression: preliminary results of an add-on study.
brain energy consumption induced by electrical stimulation promotes systemic glucose uptake.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment of alcohol dependence.
comparison of enflurane and propofol in electroconvulsive therapy, a randomized crossover open preliminary study on seizure duration and anaesthetic recovery.
the use of the eeg in measuring therapeutic drug action: focus on depression and antidepressants.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation influences mood in healthy male volunteers.
d2 receptor block abolishes theta burst stimulation-induced neuroplasticity in the human motor cortex.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depressive disorder with partial remission: an eight months follow-up study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of depression and negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
impact of dopamine and serotonine on plasticity in humans.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamicpituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression.
use of pure opioid antagonists for management of opioid-induced pruritus.
treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy.
neuromodulatory neurotransmitters influence ltp-like plasticity in human cortex: a pharmaco-tms study.
update on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder: different targets.
key factors associated with oral health-related quality of life (ohrqol) in hong kong chinese adults with orofacial pain.
rehabilitation-emerging technologies, innovative therapies, and future objectives.
continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for mood disorders: review of the literature.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of mood disorders.
physical treatments for bipolar disorder: a review of electroconvulsive therapy, stereotactic surgery and other brain stimulation techniques.
long-term maintenance of the analgesic effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation in fibromyalgia.
a randomized, double-blind trial of transcranial electrostimulation in early parkinson's disease.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic migraine: a pilot study.
late-life depression: evidence-based treatment and promising new directions for research and clinical practice.
blinding success of rtms applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in randomised sham-controlled trials: a systematic review.
differential actions of antidepressant treatments on cardiac autonomic alterations in depression: a prospective comparison.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
stimulus pulse-frequency-dependent efficacy and cognitive adverse effects of ultrabrief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression.
health-related quality of life in a clinical trial of ect followed by continuation pharmacotherapy: effects immediately after ect and at 24 weeks.
the efficacy of a novel approach to transversus abdominis plane block for postoperative analgesia after colorectal surgery.
clinical trial design in non-invasive brain stimulation psychiatric research.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of refractory auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
pain relief by deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied with the h-coil.
effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) applied with h-coil for chronic migraine prophylaxis.
modulation of premotor gabaergic circuits in obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd) via transcranial magnetic stimulation: evidence from magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
pharmacological versus electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant bipolar disorder depression: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
an open rtms study: effectiveness and tolerance of itbs parameters with neuronavigated targeting in bipolar depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the motor cortex in the treatment of chronic low back pain: a randomised, double-blind study.
electroconvulsive treatment and new techniques of electrical and magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression - question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems.
treatment-resistant depression: no panacea, many uncertainties - adverse effects are a major factor in treatment choice.
[repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressant medication in treatment of first-episode patients with major depression].
antidepressant effects, of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy, in treatment-resistant depression.
age predicts low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in major depression.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex influences attentional processing of emotional information: an event-related fmri study.
10 sessions of adjunctive left prefrontal rtms significantly reduces fibromyalgia pain: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of different stimulation parameters of augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of drug-resistant depression.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex does not improve motor symptoms in parkinson's disease: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
low-frequency repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation improves motor performance in patients with parkinson's disease.
synaptic plasticity of motor cortex, (m1) is symmetric in right- handed healthy volunteers.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double- blind, placebo-controlled study.
assessment of standard coil positioning in transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
treatment of postpartum depression: clinical, psychological and pharmacological options.
tetrabenazine for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia.
newer molecules in the treatment of schizophrenia: a clinical update.
[randomized controlled trial on comorbid anxiety and depression treated with electroacupuncture combined with rtms].
utility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmenting treatment method in treatment-resistant depression.
predictors of response to ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmenting strategy in severe treatment-resistant major depression: a prospective 4-week naturalistic trial.
treatment of diabetic sensory polyneuropathy.
prefrontal direct current stimulation modulates resting eeg and event-related potentials in healthy subjects: a standardized low resolution tomography (sloreta) study.
psychological long-term eff ects of a no-sedation protocol in critically ill patients.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation inferior to electroconvulsive therapy in treating depression.
the use of slow-frequency prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in refractory neuropathic pain.
evolution of psychopharmacology trial design and analysis: six decades in the making.
new treatment guidelines for acute bipolar depression: a systematic review.
fractional anisotropy changes after several weeks of daily left high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex to treat major depression.
self-evaluation of the cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
high-frequency prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia: a case series.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression.
eeg synchronized tms for individualized therapy in major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) of the prefrontal cortex in therapy-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebocontrolled study.
efficacy of repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the visual cortex in the prophylaxis of menstrual migraine.
rehospitalization rate after continued electroconvulsive therapy -a retrospective chart review of patients with severe depression.
effects of 3 different stimulus intensities of ultrabrief stimuli in right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depression: a randomized, double-blind pilot study.
transcutaneous spinal cord direct current stimulation inhibits the lower limb nociceptive flexion reflex in human beings.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the attentional processing of emotional information in major depression: a pilot study.
beneficial effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive training for the treatment of alzheimer's disease: a proof of concept study.
role of the mtor signaling pathway in the rapid antidepressant action of ketamine.
combination of noninvasive brain stimulation with pharmacotherapy.
ethnic identity and personal well-being of people of color: a meta-analysis.
steroid 5α-reductase as a novel therapeutic target for schizophrenia and other neuropsychiatric disorders.
vision restoration after brain and retina damage: the "residual vision activation theory".
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
pharmacotherapy for treatment-resistant.
efficacy of adjunctive high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left prefrontal cortex in depression: a randomized sham controlled study.
frontocingulate dysfunction in depression: toward biomarkers of treatment response.
sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial - select tdcs: design, rationale and objectives.
depression: a repair response to stress-induced neuronal microdamage that can grade into a chronic neuroinflammatory condition?.
evidence for gabaergic inhibitory deficits in major depressive disorder.
treating bipolar depression - antidepressants and alternatives: a critical review of the literature.
the gnb3 c825t polymorphism as a pharmacogenetic marker in the treatment of hypertension, obesity, and depression.
depression in adults: drug and physical treatments.
overcoming antidepressant treatment resistance: focus on glutamate.
subgenual cingulate theta activity predicts treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in participants with vascular depression.
pharmacists' beliefs about treatments and outcomes of mental disorders: a mental health literacy survey.
the neurostar tms device: conducting the fda approved protocol for treatment of depression.
evaluation of ect effectiveness in depressive disorders.
the efficacy of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant unipolar and bipolar depression.
effectiveness of psychotherapeutic, pharmacological, and combined treatments for chronic depression: a systematic review (metachron).
the effect of prophylactic medications on tms for migraine aura.
effects of music therapy on depression compared with psychotherapy.
psychological well-being in medical students during exam stress-influence of short-term practice of mind sound technology.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is efficacious as an add-on to pharmacological therapy in complex regional pain syndrome (crps) type i.
developing thai economic model to study cost-effectiveness of switching to bupropion compared to combination with bupropion after the failure of an ssri for major depressive disorder.
the impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy: a literature review.
durability of clinical benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: assessment of relapse during a 6-month, multisite, open-label study.
increased sensitivity for angry faces in depressive disorder following 2 weeks of 2-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex.
tinnitus: current understanding and contemporary management.
brain imaging studies in pathological gambling.
comparison of efficacy and effect on memory in a randomised controlled trial of 6 times threshold brief pulse and ultra brief pulse right unilateral ect.
neuroanatomical correlates of therapeutic efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
rtms application in epilepsy.
longitudinal efficacy of tms treatment in depression.
left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patient with major depressive disorder, randomized sham controlled study.
adjunctive psychotropic medications during electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression, mania, and schizophrenia.
dosage-dependent non-linear effect of l-dopa on human motor cortex plasticity.
double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled trial on the effect of 10 days low-frequency rtms over the vertex on sleep in parkinson's disease.
the impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study.
high-risk youth with diabetes need home-based behavioral interventions.
the pharmacological treatment of bipolar disorder in primary care.
noninvasive brain stimulation with high-frequency and low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder.
a randomized add-on trial of an n-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist in treatment-resistant bipolar depression.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder partial remission.
efficacy and acceptability of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of depression in parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
transcranial low voltage pulsed electromagnetic fields in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
prophylactic continuous administration of landiolol, a novel β1 blocker, blunts hyperdynamic responses during electroconvulsive therapy without altering seizure activity.
should we expand the toolbox of psychiatric treatment methods to include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms)? a meta-analysis of the efficacy of rtms in psychiatric disorders.
effectiveness of thiopentone, propofol and midazolam as an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent for modififi ed electroconvulsive therapy: a comparative study.
post-operative analgesia following total knee arthroplasty: comparison of low-dose intrathecal morphine and single-shot ultrasound-guided femoral nerve block: a randomized, single blinded, controlled study.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
treatment of early-onset schizophrenia.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using the h-coil for parkinson's disease.
the impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression with parkinson's disease: a randomized, controlled, double-blinded, single center study.
electroconvulsive therapy is equally effective in unipolar and bipolar depression.
combined catecholamine and indoleamine depletion following response to ect.
impact of hyperventilation on stimulus efficiency during the early phase of an electroconvulsive therapy course: a randomized double-blind study.
combination of pharmacotherapy with electroconvulsive therapy in prevention of depressive relapse: a pilot controlled trial.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy and propofol on spatial memory and glutamatergic system in hippocampus of depressed rats.
relief of chronic or resistant depression (re-chord): a pragmatic, randomized, open-treatment trial of an integrative program intervention for chronic depression.
therapeutic efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressions of the elderly: a review.
adjunctive high-frequency right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) was not effective in obsessive-compulsive disorder but improved secondary depression.
non-pharmacological approach to neuropathic pain: the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
lithium: still a cornerstone in the long-term treatment in bipolar disorder?.
the study protocol of the norwegian randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder.
what can we learn about the placebo response in depression from recent multisite trials of brain stimulation techniques- transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) or vagus nerve stimulation (vns)?.
fluvoxamine monotherapy for psychotic depression: the potential role of sigma-1 receptors.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in medication resistant major depression.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms ) on major depression and neuroimaging changes after rtms.
continuation pharmacotherapy with sodium valproate following successful treatment of electroconvulsive therapy: a 24 week open-label study in depression.
oculometry as indicator of treatment efficacy in mdd.
depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and mood in stroke patients: a double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on chronic neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis.
quality assessment and comparison of evidence for electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for schizophrenia: a systematic meta-review.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
daily left prefrontal tms for major depression: a sham-controlled multi-site randomized trial (nih optimization of tms for depression study, opt-tms).
randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for fibromyalgia.
efficacy of magnetic seizure therapy in depression.
possibility of a pharmacogenetic approach for prediction and personalized medication in major depressive disorder treatment.
transcranial magnetic and direct current stimulation in the therapy of pain.
a web-based clinical trial management system for a sham-controlled multicenter clinical trial in depression.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: cognitive side-effects.
influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression.
physiology of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the human brain.
six-month tms treatments in elderly resistant depressed patients.
meeting the challenge of resistant depression.
recent advances in ect and other brain stimulation techniques for treatment resistant depression.
oxidative biology in psychiatric disorders: novel mechanism of disease and novel therapeutic opportunities.
canmat clinical guidelines for the use of neurostimulation therapies for the management of major depressive disorder in adults.
efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depression: a randomnised sham controlled study.
efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in unipolar and bipolar depression: a randomized sham controlled study.
prolongation of qt interval induced by electroconvulsive therapy is attenuated by landiolol.
predictors of patient satisfaction after ultrabrief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapies for major depression.
electroconvulsive therapy, practice and evidence.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
interventional therapies for the management of cancer pain.
repeated brain stimulation affects markers for neuroplasticity: differential outcomes in anaesthetized and awake animals.
hormetic dose-response relationship of lithium on motor cortical excitability.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of chronic tinnitus - results of a pilot study.
modulation of motor cortical excitability by paired associative stimulation (pas) of the primary somatosensory cortex.
a randomized controlled trial comparing the memory effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy versus continuation pharmacotherapy: results from the consortium for research in ect (core) study.
influence of prefrontal target region on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with medication-resistant depression: a [18f]-fluorodeoxyglucose pet and mri study.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
elevated postoperative pain levels following orthopedic surgery: depression as a strong predictor.
propofol interruption of ect seizure to reduce side-effects: a pilot study.
quantitative review of the efficacy of slow-frequency magnetic brain stimulation in major depressive disorder.
an update of evidence-based treatment of bipolar depression: where do we stand?.
therapy-resistant depression.
the world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for the biological treatment of bipolar disorders: update 2010 on the treatment of acute bipolar depression.
why do some promising brain-stimulation devices fail the next steps of clinical development?.
randomized clinical trial of propofol versus ketamine for procedural sedation in the emergency department.
sleep deprivation in depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of parkinson's disease.
depression in alzheimer's disease. pathophysiology, diagnosis, and treatment.
the effectiveness of continuation-maintenance ect in reducing depressed older patients' hospital re-admissions.
an endocrine perspective on the role of steroid hormones in the antidepressant treatment efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treats postpartum depression.
effects of intravenous antidepressant drugs on the excitability of human motor cortex: a study with paired magnetic stimulation on depressed patients.
lithium's emerging role in the treatment of refractory major depressive episodes: augmentation of antidepressants.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
effectiveness of an intervention led by lay health counsellors for depressive and anxiety disorders in primary care in goa, india (manas): a cluster randomised controlled trial.
treatment-resistant bipolar depression: towards a new definition.
ect. a critical review of meta-analyses.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders.
measuring electroencephalographic seizure adequacy during electroconvulsive therapy: a comparison of 2 definitions.
the place of rtms in the treatment of depressive disorder and a possibility of treatment response prediction - the czech experience.
a new transmucosal drug delivery system for patients with breakthrough cancer pain: the fentanyl effervescent buccal tablet.
major depression during interferon-α treatment: vulnerability and prevention.
efficacy of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the treatment of fibromyalgia: results of a randomized, sham-controlled longitudinal clinical trial.
desvenlafaxine in major depressive disorder: an evidence-based review of its place in therapy.
modulation of sensory nerve function and the cough reflex: understanding disease pathogenesis.
treatment of non-motor symptoms of pd.
biological approaches to aphasia treatment.
mood disorders in elderly population: neurostimulative treatment possibilities.
clinical significance of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant depression: synthesis of recent data.
low frequency (1-hz), right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) compared with venlafaxine er in the treatment of resistant depression: a double-blind, single-centre, randomized study.
an estimate of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation placebo effect.
update on geriatric psychiatry.
relapse rates with long-term antidepressant drug therapy: a meta-analysis.
efficacy of high frequency (rapid) suprathreshold repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of right prefrontal cortex in bipolar mania: a randomized sham controlled study.
emerging role of glutamate in the pathophysiology of major depressive disorder.
canadian network for mood and anxiety treatments (canmat) clinical guidelines for the management of major depressive disorder in adults. iv. neurostimulation therapies.
targeting glutamatergic signaling for the development of novel therapeutics for mood disorders.
the right-sided, low frequency (1 hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of resistant depression compared with venlafaxine er. the results of the double-blind, randomized study.
antiglucocorticoids, neurogenesis and depression.
effects of propofol or etomidate on qt interval during electroconvulsive therapy.
managing depression during hepatitis c treatment.
clinical observation on electroacupuncture combined with catgut implantation at acupoints for treatment of simple obesity of heart and spleen deficiency type.
serotonin affects transcranial direct current-induced neuroplasticity in humans.
translational development strategy for magnetic seizure therapy.
clinical issues in considering vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
antidepressant electroconvulsive therapy: mechanism of action, recent advances and limitations.
differential heart rate response to magnetic seizure therapy (mst) relative to electroconvulsive therapy: a nonhuman primate model.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for borderline personality disorder: rationale, stimulation site and methods.
a study of the effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression in patients who have not responded to right-sided stimulation.
stroke rehabilitation: strategies to enhance motor recovery.
efficacy of an algorithm-guided treatment compared with treatment as usual: a randomized, controlled study of inpatients with depression.
citalopram for continuation therapy after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in vascular depression.
bifrontal ect: a systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and cognitive impact.
intrathecal morphine combined with intravenous patient-controlled analgesia is an effective and safe method for immediate postoperative pain control in live liver donors.
medicating mood with maintenance in mind: bipolar depression pharmacotherapy.
the effect of daily prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over several weeks on resting motor threshold.
effect of concomitant pharmacotherapy on electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: short-term efficacy and adverse effects.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with fibromyalgia and major depression.
propofol versus propofol-remifentanil combination anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy: effects on seizure duration and hemodynamics.
acute effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on attentional control are related to antidepressant outcomes.
comparison of propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, blinded comparison of seizure duration, stimulus charge, clinical effect, and cognitive side effects.
partial clinical response to 2 weeks of 2 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex in depression.
overview of depression and its management in children and adolescents.
opposite effects of high and low frequency rtms on mood in depressed patients: relationship to baseline cerebral activity on pet.
clinical practice recommendations for depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation: a promising alternative for the treatment of major depression?.
the indiana cancer pain and depression (incpad) trial. design of a telecare management intervention for cancer-related symptoms and baseline characteristics of study participants.
core symptoms of depression : effectiveness of antidepressant therapy.
response to rtms in resistant depressed patients, and baseline fluorodeoxyglucose-pet in prefrontal and limbic regions.
promising antidepressant effect of 20 hz rtms in treatment of bipolar depression.
effects of 3 different stimulus intensities and ultrabrief pulse electrical stimulus waveform in right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depression: a randomized, double-blind study.
bilateral transcranial magnetic stimulation: does adding right low frequency diminish the antidepressant effect of left high frequency treatment.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: examination of cognitive function during acute treatment.
clinical efficacy, tolerability and safety of theta-burst tms in patients with major depression, results from a pilot study.
a comparison of 3 electrode placements in ect. a report from c.o.r.e.
outcome of late-life depression after 3 years of sequential treatment.
electroconvulsive therapy for depressive episodes: a brief review.
a randomized trial of rtms targeted with mri based neuro-navigation in treatment-resistant depression.
a single session of rtms over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex influences attentional control in depressed patients.
premedication with dexmedetomidine and midazolam attenuates agitation after electroconvulsive therapy.
a randomized trial of the anti-depressant effects of low- and high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
the primacy of mania: a reconsideration of mood disorders.
dialectical behaviour therapy for adolescents.
is baseline medication resistance associated with potential for relapse after successful remission of a depressive episode with ect? data from the consortium for research on electroconvulsive therapy (core).
an update on the treatment of bipolar depression.
depressive disorders in elderly: treatment possibilities rather than pharmacotherapy.
methohexitone, propofol and etomidate in electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a naturalistic comparison study.
controversy: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation shows efficacy in treating psychiatric diseases (depression, mania, schizophrenia, obsessive-complusive disorder, panic, posttraumatic stress disorder).
depression in patients with heart failure: clinical implications and management.
the use of surrogate outcomes in model-based cost-effectiveness analyses: a survey of uk health technology assessment reports.
decreasing procedural pain over time of left prefrontal rtms for depression: initial results from the open-label phase of a multisite trial (opt-tms).
antidepressant efficacy of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in double-blind sham-controlled designs: a meta-analysis.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation over the prefrontal cortex: evaluation of antidepressant and cognitive effects in depressive patients.
depersonalization/derealization - clinical picture, diagnostics and therapy.
sex hormones and mood in the perimenopause.
prediction of antidepressant response in both 2.25 × threshold rul and fixed high dose rul ect.
daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: clinical predictors of outcome in a multisite, randomized controlled clinical trial.
cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a health economics analysis.
right-sided, 1-hz repetitive tms compared with venlafaxine extended-release in the treatment of resistant depression: a double-blind study.
comparison of two different intensities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in drug resistant depression.
effects of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with eeg-dependent stimulus timing in the treatment of depression.
psychiatric and non-psychiatric comorbidity in patients with psychotic disorders.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation repetitive tms for depression in schizophrenia.
influencing cognitive deficit in patients with depressive disorder by means of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) under conditions of single blind randomized study.
increasing human brain excitability by transcranial high-frequency random noise stimulation.
effectiveness of transcranial magnetic therapy in the complex treatment of alcohol abstinent syndrome.
interventions for treating depression after stroke.
circadian rhythm disturbances in depression.
nonmotor manifestations of parkinson's disease.
incomplete response in late-life depression: getting to remission.
new therapeutic promises in the treatment of depression and schizophrenia.
biochemistry of depressive disorders. role of serotonin, amino acid neurotransmitters, substance p and neurosteroids.
double - blind, parallel, randomized study comparing efficacy of 1 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) and venlafaxine er in the treatment of resistant depression: discussion on study protocol.
treatment of bipolar disorder: a systematic review of available data and clinical perspectives.
extended-release epidural morphine (depodur™): review and safety analysis.
public views on antidepressant treatment: lessons from a national survey.
how should mood disorders be modelled?.
morphine analgesia in patients with acute appendicitis: a randomised double-blind clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and metaanalysis.
toward individualized post-electroconvulsive therapy care: piloting the symptom-titrated, algorithm-based longitudinal ect (stable) intervention.
efficacy of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in recurrent depression: a naturalistic study.
moderate hyperventilation prolongs electroencephalogram seizure duration of the first electroconvulsive therapy.
effects of general anesthetic agents in adults receiving electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review.
safety and efficacy of vagus nerve stimulation in treatment-resistant depression. a systematic review.
double-blind randomized controlled study comparing short-term efficacy of bifrontal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in acute mania.
the co-administration of quetiapine or placebo to cognitive-behavior therapy in treatment refractory depression: a preliminary trial.
the placebo treatments in neurosciences: new insights from clinical and neuroimaging studies.
gaddum and lsd: the birth and growth of experimental and clinical neuropharmacology research on 5-ht in the uk.
acute and long-term treatment of mania.
bipolar depression: trial-based insights to guide patient care.
acute and continuation therapy in unipolar depression: observations from the run-in phase of a maintenance trial.
do atypical antipsychotics effectively treat co-occurring bipolar disorder and stimulant dependence? a randomized, double-blind trial.
the future of depression psychopharmacology.
depression in alzheimer's disease: phenomenology, clinical correlates and treatment.
cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: a multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
ect maintenance therapy in recurrent depression.
a new strategy of continuation pharmacotherapy in the prevention of relapse following ect: a controlled trial.
effect of repetitive tms of the left orbitofrontal cortex in drug-resistant obsessive-compulsive patients: a controlled investigation.
transcranial magnetic therapy in the complex treatment of affective disorders in patients with alcoholism.
advances in the treatment of late-life psychotic depression.
opioids and the management of chronic severe pain in the elderly: consensus statement of an international expert panel with focus on the six clinically most often used world health organization step iii opioids (buprenorphine, fentanyl, hydromorphone, methadone, morphine, oxycodone).
the psychopharmacology algorithm project at the harvard south shore program: an update on psychotic depression.
a comparison of thiopentone sodium, propofol and midazolam for electroconvulsive therapy.
complications in major depressive disorder therapy: a review of magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex modulates the desire for specific foods.
antidepressant therapy in post-stroke depression.
luteal phase administration of paroxetine for the treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder:a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in canadian women.
recovery after ect: comparison of propofol, etomidate and thiopental.
continuation/maintenance treatment with nortriptyline versus combined nortriptyline and ect in late-life psychotic depression: a two-year randomized study.
outcome of electroconvulsive therapy by race in the consortium for research on electroconvulsive therapy multisite study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression in adolescents: an open-label study.
electroconvulsive therapy and its different indications.
central nervous system abnormalities in fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome: new concepts in treatment.
the efficacy of treatments for depression used in the management of tinnitus.
glucocorticoid antagonists in neuropsychotic disorders.
intravenous ketamine for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
a randomized-controlled trial of bilateral rtms for treatment-resistant depression.
treatment of vascular depression using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in combination with escitalopram in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. a double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
overgeneral memory predicts stability of short-term outcome of electroconvulsive therapy for depression.
the efficacy of acute electroconvulsive therapy in atypical depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: clinical response in an open-label extension trial.
modulation of human motor cortex excitability by quetiapine.
schizoaffective disorder: diagnostic issues and future recommendations.
treatment-emergent mania in unipolar and bipolar depression: focus on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly.
deep brain stimulation to reward circuitry alleviates anhedonia in refractory major depression.
vagus nerve stimulation for epilepsy and depression.
preemptive analgesia with butorphanol in psychotic patients following modified electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial.
depression in parkinson's disease: health risks, etiology, and treatment options.
significant analgesic effects of one session of postoperative left prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a replication study.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
in vivo synaptic transmission in the zebra finch high vocal center and robust nucleus of the arcopallium after different stimulus patterns.
the role of duloxetine in the treatment of anxiety disorders.
electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a review with recommendations for future research.
valproate use in children and adolescents with bipolar disorder.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
evolving applications of light therapy.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in bulimia nervosa: preliminary results of a single-centre, randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in female outpatients.
patients with a major depressive episode responding to treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) are resistant to the effects of rapid tryptophan depletion.
the role of glutamate in mood disorders: results from the ketamine in major depression study and the presumed cellular mechanism underlying its antidepressant effects.
propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, double-blind comparison of electroconvulsive therapy seizure quality, therapeutic efficacy, and cognitive performance.
data management and design issues in an unmasked randomized trial of electroconvulsive therapy for relapse prevention of severe depression: the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy trial.
unexpected reduction in migraine and psychogenic headaches following rtms treatment for major depression: a report of two cases.
quality of treatment and disability compensation in depression: comparison of 2 nationally representative samples with a 10-year interval in finland.
antidepressant effects of augmentative transcranial magnetic stimulation: randomised multicentre trial.
antidepressant medication treatment failure does not predict lower remission with ect for major depressive disorder: a report from the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy.
a report on mood and cognitive outcomes with right unilateral ultrabrief pulsewidth (0.3 ms) ect and retrospective comparison with standard pulsewidth right unilateral ect.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive compulsive disorder: a double-blind controlled investigation.
right prefontal low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of depressive disorder.
treatment of bipolar disorder: a complex treatment for a multi-faceted disorder.
managing depression in geriatric populations.
electroconvulsive therapy use in a 97-year-old woman.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
a randomized controlled trial of intranasal fentanyl vs intravenous morphine for analgesia in the prehospital setting.
efficacy of adjuvant high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia: preliminary results of a double-blind sham-controlled study.
has repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) treatment for depression improved? a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the recent vs. the earlier rtms studies.
elevated spectroscopic glutamate/γ-amino butyric acid in rats bred for learned helplessness.
comparison of codeine phosphate and morphine sulphate in infants undergoing cleft palate repair.
long-term treatment of depression with antidepressants: a systematic narrative review.
advances in the treatment of geriatric depression.
pharmacological therapy for therapy-resistant depression: new developments.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
go-no-go task performance improvement after anodal transcranial dc stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on chronic tinnitus: a randomised, crossover, double blind, placebo controlled study.
a randomized clinical trial of oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate versus intravenous morphine sulfate for initial control of pain in children with extremity injuries.
the role of inhaled opioids and furosemide for the treatment of dyspnea.
single-dose, extended-release epidural morphine (depodur™) compared to conventional epidural morphine for post-cesarean pain.
the clinical effectiveness and cost of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression: a multicentre pragmatic randomised controlled trial and economic analysis.
antidepressant treatment in bipolar depression: a vexing clinical problem.
homeostatic plasticity in human motor cortex demonstrated by two consecutive sessions of paired associative stimulation.
the crf1 receptor, a novel target for the treatment of depression, anxiety, and stress-related disorders.
treating suicidality in depressive illness. part 2: does treatment cure or cause suicidality?.
the after-effect of human theta burst stimulation is nmda receptor dependent.
transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces pain in patients with major depression: a sham-controlled study.
beta-blocking agents and electroconvulsive therapy.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on panic attacks induced by cholecystokinin-tetrapeptide (cck-4).
metabotropic glutamate receptors in the control of mood disorders.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
treatment response in melancholia.
geriatric depression.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
long-term follow-up after successful electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a 4- to 8-year naturalistic follow-up study.
acute prefrontal cortex tms in healthy volunteers: effects on brain 11c-αmtrp trapping.
electro-convulsive therapy (ect): an egyptian perspective.
psychological treatments in the management of severe late-life depression: at least as important as ect.
non-pharmacological treatments in the management of rapid cycling bipolar disorder.
a review on primary progressive aphasia.
analgesic efficacy of interpleurally administered morphine and fentanyl after posterolateral thoracotomy.
a randomized, controlled trial with 6-month follow-up of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression.
influencing negative symptoms of schizophrenia with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a case study.
sedation and analgesia in the intensive care unit: evaluating the role of dexmedetomidine.
relapse during continuation pharmacotherapy after acute response to ect: a comparison of usual care versus protocolized treatment.
depodur® (extended-release epidural morphine): a review of an old drug in a new vehicle.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: a review.
duloxetine in the treatment of major depressive disorder.
current clinical research environment. focus on psychiatry.
effects of unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex on chronic widespread pain in fibromyalgia.
emerging treatments for depression.
continuation electroconvulsive therapy vs pharmacotherapy for relapse prevention in major depression: a multisite study from the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy (core).
treating depression in pregnancy: practical suggestions.
how should you manage a depressed patient unresponsive to an ssri?.
factors modifying the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a review.
a randomized trial of low-frequency right-prefrontal-cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation as augmentation in treatment-resistant major depression.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
use of electroconvulsive therapy in children and adolescents - review of current literature and description of effects of electrotherapy in 5 adolescents with diagnosed treatment resistant schizophrenia.
what evidence there is for the drug treatment of huntington's disease.
neuropsychiatric disorders following vascular brain injury.
rtms in obsessive compulsive disorder non-responding to ssris.
treatment of psychiatric syndromes due to cerebrovascular disease.
daily and spaced treatment with transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a pilot study.
therapeutic and prophylactic utility of the memory-enhancing drug donepezil hydrochloride on cognition of patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial.
herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia: public health burden and pharmacotherapy.
induced hypotension with epidural/general anesthesia reduces transfusion in radical prostate surgery.
a randomized trial of an n-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist in treatment-resistant major depression.
effects of landiolol on hemodynamic response and seizure duration during electroconvulsive therapy.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms and the p300 event-related potential.
chronic depression in bipolar disorder.
treatments in child and adolescent bipolar disorders.
depression in alzheimer's disease.
anti-depressive therapies after heart transplantation.
treatment of depression in patients with coronary heart disease.
central excitability does not limit postfatigue voluntary activation of quadriceps femoris.
effects of antidepressant treatment with rtms and fluoxetine on brain perfusion in pd.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
a sham-controlled, phase ii trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of central pain in traumatic spinal cord injury.
safety and efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a critical appraisal of the last 10 years.
the cost-effectiveness of lamotrigine in the maintenance treatment of adults with bipolar i disorder.
maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in elderly psychotic unipolar depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in adolescent depression.
increased positive emotional memory after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the orbitofrontal cortex.
is ect cost-effective? a critique of the national institute of health and clinical excellence's report on the economic analysis of ect.
the role of cox-2 inhibitors in the perioperative setting: efficacy and safety - a systematic review.
imipramine is effective in preventing relapse in electroconvulsive therapy-responsive depressed inpatients with prior pharmacotherapy treatment failure: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
recent progress in pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment options of major depression.
high (20-hz) and low (1-hz) frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation as adjuvant treatment in medication-resistant depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
depression, chronic fatigue syndrome, and fibromyalgia: an update.
the future of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris) in psychiatric treatment.
personality disorder and the outcome of depression: meta-analysis of published studies.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
evaluation of a single-dose, extended-release epidural morphine formulation for pain after knee arthroplasty.
the "nice guideline" on the treatment of depression.
intrathecal ziconotide in the treatment of chronic nonmalignant pain: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
burden of illness in bipolar depression.
treatment-resistant depression: review of pharmacologic antidepressant strategies.
current state concerning tms in depression.
long-term treatment in bipolar disorder.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
one-year outcome of psychotic depression after successful electroconvulsive therapy.
remifentanil supplementation of propofol during electroconvulsive therapy: effect on seizure duration and cardiovascular stability.
cognitive therapy does not prevent a response to tryptophan depletion in patients also treated with antidepressants.
newer treatment studies for bipolar depression.
landiolol and esmolol prevent tachycardia without altering cerebral blood flow.
the efficacy of ect treatment in depression: a meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
an attempt to increase the rate and magnitude of the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms). a pilot study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression in neurologic disorders.
depressive subtypes and efficacy of antidepressive pharmacotherapy.
treating mood disorders during pregnancy: safety considerations.
transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for epilepsy: can it also improve depression and vice versa?.
a one-year comparison of vagus nerve stimulation with treatment as usual for treatment-resistant depression.
a patient with a resistant major depression disorder treated with deep brain stimulation in the inferior thalamic peduncle.
effect of repetitive tms and fluoxetine on cognitive function in patients with parkinson's disease and concurrent depression.
reevaluating therapies for bipolar depression.
tourette's syndrome and deep brain stimulation.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
effectiveness of treatments for depression in older people.
transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapeutic tool in psychiatry.
antidepressant effects of different schedules of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. clomipramine in patients with major depression: relationship to changes in cortical excitability.
opioids for neuropathic pain.
evaluation of frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression and neurologic impairment.
poststroke depression.
should neurologists be trained to recognize and treat comorbid depression of neurologic disorders? yes.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating medication-resistant depression in taiwan: a preliminary study.
an 8-week open-label trial of a 6-day course of mifepristone for the treatment of psychotic depression.
living ability and cognitive function ameliorated by low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with post-stroke depression: comparison with drug plus psychological treatment.
the comparative hemodynamic effects of methohexital and remifentanil in electroconvulsive therapy.
strategies for producing faster acting antidepressants.
comparing the effects of antidepressants: consensus guidelines for evaluating quantitative reviews of antidepressant efficacy.
the treatment of mixed states and the risk of switching to depression.
clinical and cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy for depressive illness, schizophrenia, catatonia and mania: systematic reviews and economic modelling studies.
efficacy of rapid-rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
review of awakening agents.
alternatives to injectable opioids for acute analgesia.
research and progression of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates the antidepressant effect of amitriptyline in severe depression: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
new drugs, old problems. revisiting: pharmacological management of treatment-resistant depression.
antidepressant therapy in idiopathic parkinson's disease.
antidepressant treatment of psychotic major depression: potential role of the σ receptor.
fatty acid concentrations in depressive patients during a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms).
new brain stimulation methods as antidepressant treatment: a research update.
selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in major depressive disorder in children and adolescents (ratio of benefits/risks).
electroconvulsive therapy: a selected review.
maintenance treatment outcomes in older patients with bipolar i disorder.
cerebrovascular disease and late-life depression.
zinc and depression. an update.
combined preemptive and preventive analgesia in morbidly obese patients undergoing open gastric bypass: a pilot study.
mood state at study entry as predictor of the polarity of relapse in bipolar disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation associated with antidepressant: start and intensive of the antidrepressant answer.
therapy of treatment resistant depression: focus on the management of trd with atypical antipsychotics.
a 3-month, follow-up, randomized, placebo-controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
interventional effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with depression after traumatic brain injury.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on therapy in the treatment of mania: a case series of eight patients.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy: complementary or competitive therapeutic options in depression?.
treatment of postpartum depression, part 1: a critical review of biological interventions.
post-stroke depression.
comparing the effects of 8-week treatment with fluoxetine and imipramine on fasting blood glucose of patients with major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as fluoxetine in the treatment of depression in patients with parkinson's disease.
a background infusion of morphine enhances patient-controlled analgesia after cardiac surgery.
slow-release oral morphine versus methadone: a crossover comparison of patient outcomes and acceptability as maintenance pharmacotherapies for opioid dependence.
depression may be associated with hippocampal volume changes and hpa axis dysfunction: is treatment to remission the answer?.
clinical evaluation of dexmedetomidine following ultra-fast track off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
convulsant and anticonvulsant properties of electroconvulsive therapy: towards a focal form of brain stimulation.
the world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for the biological treatment of bipolar disorders, part iii: maintenance treatment.
double-blind placebo controlled study of the effects of etomidate-alfentanil anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy.
depression in aging men: the role of testosterone.
no deterioration of cognitive performance in an aggressive unilateral and bilateral antidepressant rtms add-on trial.
australian and new zealand clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder.
efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review of scientific evidences.
propofol reduces cognitive impairment after electroconvulsive therapy.
effect of ect stimulus parameters on seizure physiology and outcome.
efficacy of ect in depression: a meta-analytic review.
seizure expression during electroconvulsive therapy: relationships with clinical outcome and cognitive side effects.
speed of response and remission in major depressive disorder with acute electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a consortium for research in ect (core) report.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
spotlight on lamotrigine in bipolar disorder.
decisional capacity of depressed elderly to consent to electroconvulsive therapy.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in posttraumatic stress disorder: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
lamotrigine as maintenance therapy in bipolar i disorder exerts beneficial effects predominantly on the depressive phase.
special issues in the management of depression in older patients.
control study on the effect of hyperxia solution on cognitive impairment after electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of the treatment of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as treatment of poststroke depression: a preliminary study.
no benefit derived from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a prospective, single centre, randomised, double blind, sham controlled "add on" trial.
multisystemic therapy effects on attempted suicide by youths presenting psychiatric emergencies.
treatment of non-schizophrenic disorders: focus on atypical antipsychotics.
sevoflurane versus propofol for induction of anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized crossover trial.
spinal (subarachnoid) morphine for off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery.
atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of affective symptoms: a review.
vns and depression: current status and future directions.
evidence-based practices in geriatric mental health care: an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses.
bipolar disorder in children and adolescents.
neurobiological findings and clinical results: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the prefrontal cortex in depression.
magnetic seizure therapy improves mood in refractory major depression.
lamotrigine: a review of its use in bipolar disorder.
comparison of tts-fentanyl with sustained-release oral morphine in the treatment of patients not using opioids for mild-to-moderate pain.
seizure duration with remifentanil/methohexital vs. methohexital alone in middle-aged patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
the efficacy and safety of ect in depressed older adults: a literature review.
major depressive disorder in adolescence: a brief review of the recent treatment literature.
safety and feasibility of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) in major depression: randomized within-subject comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.
therapies for depression in parkinson's disease.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
thyrotropin-releasing hormone administration does not affect seizure threshold during electroconvulsive therapy.
the relationship between changes in learning and memory after right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
reductions in phenomenological, physiological and attentional indices of depressive mood after 2 hz rtms over the right parietal cortex in healthy human subjects.
a review of pharmacologic treatments for obsessive-compulsive disorder.
providing information about the effectiveness of treatment options to depressed people in the community: a randomized controlled trial of effects on mental health literacy, help-seeking and symptoms.
treatment of depression in patients with heart disease.
treatment of psychosis in parkinson's disease: safety considerations.
add-on rtms for treatment of depression: a pilot study using stereotaxic coil-navigation according to pet data.
optimizing therapeutic options in the treatment of bipolar disorder.
decisional capacity of severely depressed patients requiring electroconvulsive therapy.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
valproate.
experiential cognitive therapy in the treatment of panic disorders with agoraphobia: a controlled study.
metabolic changes after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the left prefrontal cortex: a sham-controlled proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1h mrs) study of healthy brain.
the influence of cognitive reserve on memory following electroconvulsive therapy.
lithium combinations in acute and maintenance treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression.
pretreatment with ibuprofen to prevent electroconvulsive therapy-induced headache.
electroconvulsive therapy for the depressed elderly.
the effect of remifentanil on seizure duration and acute hemodynamic responses to electroconvulsive therapy.
neurosurgery for intractable obsessive-compulsive disorder and depression: critical issues.
cervical vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation.
0.2-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has no add-on effects as compared to a realistic sham stimulation in parkinson's disease.
antidepressant efficacy of two different rtms procedures: high frequency over left versus low frequency over right prefrontal cortex compared with sham stimulation.
efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy in depressive disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
parecoxib, second-generation cox-2 inhibitor, in the treatment of acute surgical pain.
is it time to introduce repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation into standard clinical practice for the treatment of depressive disorders?.
right prefrontal tms versus sham treatment of mania: a controlled study.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: a pilot study of acute safety and efficacy.
drug treatment of depression: reflections on the evidence.
neurobiological findings and clinical results: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex in depression.
the comparative effects of propofol versus thiopentone on left ventricular function during electroconvulsive therapy.
partial response as a predictor of outcome in geriatric depression.
propofol alone, sevoflurane alone, and combined propofol-sevoflurane anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy.
enhancing outcomes in the management of treatment resistant depression: a focus on atypical antipsychotics.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
potential new brain stimulation therapies in bipolar illness: transcranial magnetic stimulation and vagus nerve stimulation.
mechanisms and state of the art of vagus nerve stimulation.
a randomized comparison of high-charge right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in older depressed patients who failed to respond to 5 to 8 moderate-charge right unilateral treatments.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
effect of piracetam on ect-induced cognitive disturbances: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study.
the bech-rafaelsen melancholia scale (mes) in clinical trials of therapies in depressive disorders: a 20-year review of its use as outcome measure.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
current use of ect in the treatment of depressive disorders.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder and major depression.
alternative treatments for depression: empirical support and relevance to women.
combining antidepressants for treatment-resistant depression: a review.
the applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatry.
does higher cardiovascular response to ect predict early antidepressant effect?.
management of melancholia.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression.
use of opioid medications for chronic noncancer pain syndromes in primary care.
identification of suicidal ideation and prevention of suicidal behaviour in the elderly.
beyond the iron mask: towards better recognition and treatment of depression associated with parkinson's disease.
right unilateral and bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression: a preliminary study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
three and six-month outcome following courses of either ect or rtms in a population of severely depressed individuals - preliminary report.
effects of different frequencies of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) on the forced swim test model of depression in rats.
sleep deprivation in depression - stabilizing antidepressant effects by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
differential response to right unilateral ect in depressed patients: impact of comorbidity and severity of illness [isrctn39974945].
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: the introduction of a new therapeutic tool in psychiatry.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mood disorder: a review and comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.
brain effects of tms delivered over prefrontal cortex in depressed adults: role of stimulation frequency and coil-cortex distance.
lack of adverse cognitive effects of 1 hz and 20 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at 100% of motor threshold over left prefrontal cortex in depression.
inefficacy of burst-suppression anesthesia in medication-resistant major depression: a controlled trial.
rapid cycling bipolar disorder.
right versus left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a preliminary investigation.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression and other psychiatric disorders.
the clinical, psychosocial, and pharmacoeconomic ramifications of remission.
prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add on treatment in depression.
focal prefrontal seizures induced by bilateral ect.
effect on the emotions of healthy individuals of slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied to the prefrontal cortex.
the impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on pituitary hormone levels and cortisol in healthy subjects.
neuropsychological effects of prefrontal slow rtms in normal volunteers: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
treatment of depressive disorders in old age.
sleep and depression - results from psychobiological studies: an overview.
right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
vagus nerve stimulation in depression.
preparation and characterization of two-phase melt systems of lidocaine.
acute mood and thyroid stimulating hormone effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
characteristics of responders and nonresponders to brief-pulse right unilateral ect in a controlled clinical trial.
coadministration of melatonin and fluoxetine does not improve the 3-month outcome following ect.
ect in bipolar and unipolar depression: differences in speed of response.
clinical guidelines for the treatment of depressive disorders. iv. medications and other biological treatments.
spect mapping of cerebral activity changes induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressed patients. a pilot study.
mechanisms influencing stimulus-response properties of the human corticospinal system.
treating depression in old age: the reasons to be positive.
voluntary motor function in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
expert consensus guidelines for the medication treatment of bipolar disorder: a new treatment tool.
nicardipine improves the antidepressant action of ect but does not improve cognition.
effects of a 2- to 4-week course of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on neuropsychologic functioning, electroencephalogram, and auditory threshold in depressed patients.
psychotherapy for bipolar depression: a phase-specific treatment strategy?.
the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor sertraline: its profile and use in psychiatric disorders.
modulation of practice-dependent plasticity in human motor cortex.
treatment options for depression and psychosis in parkinson's disease.
continuation treatment of delusional depression in older adults.
depression in women across the life cycle.
management of depression in patients with comorbid cardiovascular disease.
substitution of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments for electroconvulsive therapy treatments in a course of electroconvulsive therapy.
treatment of bipolar depression, a review of the literature and a suggestion for an algorithm.
opposite effects of high and low frequency rtms on regional brain activity in depressed patients.
treatment options in the management of adolescent depression.
citalopram therapy for depression: a review of 10 years of european experience and data from u.s. clinical trials.
a review of randomized, controlled clinical trials in acute mania.
maintenance therapies for classic and other forms of bipolar disorder.
administration of citalopram before ect: seizure duration and hormone responses.
electrical dose and seizure threshold: relations to clinical outcome and cognitive effects in bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral ect.
morphine-fluoxetine interactions in healthy volunteers: analgesia and side effects.
disability pension for major depression in finland.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
transcranial magnetic-evoked potentials under total intravenous anaesthesia and nitrous oxide.
how coil-cortex distance relates to age, motor threshold, and antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
quantitative eeg during seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy: relations to treatment modality and clinical features. ii. topographic analyses.
lithium in unipolar depression and the prevention of suicide.
the treatment of bipolar depression.
the clinical efficacy of reboxetine in the treatment of depression.
blunted temperature and cortisol responses to ipsapirone in major depression: lack of enhancement by electroconvulsive therapy.
does the addition of pindolol accelerate the response to electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression? a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
comparison of unlimited numbers of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) and ect treatment sessions in major depressive episode.
minimizing the cognitive effects of lithium therapy and electroconvulsive therapy using thyroid hormone.
balancing speed of response to ect in major depression and adverse cognitive effects: role of treatment schedule.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
titrated moderately suprathreshold vs fixed high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: acute antidepressant and cognitive effects.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a method in the treatment of depressions.
discontinuation of antidepressant drugs during electroconvulsive therapy: a controlled study.
cognitive effects of 1- and 20-hertz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: preliminary report.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of nondelusional major depressive disorder: an open study.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
a comparison of regularly administered sustained release oral morphine with intramuscular morphine for control of postoperative pain.
antidepressant efficacy of sudarshan kriya yoga (sky) in melancholia: a randomized comparison with electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and imipramine.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenic patients.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
pathophysiology of chorea and bradykinesia in huntington's disease.
algorithm for the treatment of mood disorders in japan.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
a comparative study in postcesarean analgesia with morphine sulphate (graten).
obsessive-compulsive disorder: diagnosis and treatment.
speed of response to bilateral ect: an examination of possible predictors in two controlled trials.
low-dose atropine in electroconvulsive therapy.
variations of peak and baseline heart rates.
neuropsychological characteristics of the dementia syndrome of depression: onset, resolution, and three-year follow-up.
changes in prefrontal cortex and paralimbic activity in depression following two weeks of daily left prefrontal tms.
the effect of structured consent on recall of information pre- and post-electroconvulsive therapy: a pilot study.
naloxone in the prevention of the adverse cognitive effects of ect: a within-subject, placebo controlled study.
effect of ketorolac in pediatric sickle cell vaso-occlusive pain crisis.
intrathecal morphine: double-blind evaluation of optimal dosage for analgesia after major lumbar spinal surgery.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
effects of left frontal transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressed mood, cognition, and corticomotor threshold.
low dose mivacurium is less effective than succinylcholine in electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy of ssris and newer antidepressants in severe depression: comparison with tcas.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
blunted tsh response to trh and seizure duration in ect.
dexmedetomidine failed to block the acute hyperdynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy.
combination of inositol and serotonin reuptake inhibitors in the treatment of depression.
safety and feasibility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of anxious depression in pregnancy: a case report.
a comparison of myogenic motor evoked responses to electrical and magnetic transcranial stimulation during nitrous oxide/opioid anesthesia.
post-seizure eeg fractal dimension of first ect predicts antidepressant response at two weeks.
a comparison of continuous epidural infusion and intermittent intravenous bolus doses of morphine in children undergoing selective dorsal rhizotomy.
eeg seizure in bilateral ect is different between low and high stimulus doses.
once vs. three times weekly ect in melancholia: a randomized controlled trial.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on plasma vasopressin and oxytocin.
a trial to determine any difference between two and three times a week ect in the rate of recovery from depression.
the efficacy and use of anticonvulsants in mood disorders.
low frequency daily left prefrontal rtms improves mood in bipolar depression: a placebo-controlled case report.
variation of ictal electroencephalographic regularity with low-, moderate-, and high-dose stimuli during right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
the treatment of psychotic depression.
double-blind study of fluoxetine vs. amitriptiline in depressive and anxiety symtoms and life quality in adults with major depression.
prolactin response to electroconvulsive therapy: effects of electrode placement and stimulus dosage.
the treatment of psychotic depression in later life: a comparison of pharmacotherapy and ect.
clinical application of time-dependent sensitization to antidepressant therapy.
cost and benefit in the choice of ect schedule: twice versus three times weekly ect.
the use of flumazenil in the anxious and benzodiazepine-dependent ect patient.
a comparison of brief and ultrabrief pulse stimuli in unilateral ect.
effects of trh administration on orientation time and recall after ect.
electroconvulsive therapy vs. paroxetine in treatment-resistant depression - a randomized study.
drug-induced switching in bipolar disorder: epidemiology and therapeutic implications.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
quantifying the speed of symptomatic improvement with electroconvulsive therapy: comparison of alternative statistical methods.
acute hemodynamic responses to electroconvulsive therapy are not related to the duration of seizure activity.
refractory depression in children and adolescents.
alternative approaches to refractory depression in bipolar illness.
a comparison of remifentanil and morphine sulfate for acute postoperative analgesia after total intravenous anesthesia with remifentanil and propofol.
the effect of esmolol on st-segment depression and arrhythmias after electroconvulsive therapy.
use of thyroid hormone to diminish the cognitive side effects of psychiatric treatment.
postoperative pain control after lumbar spine fusion: patient- controlled analgesia versus continuous epidural analgesia.
lack of relapse with tryptophan depletion following successful treatment with ect.
bipolar illness.
continuation and prophylactic treatment of bipolar disorder.
controlled trials of inositol in psychiatry.
effects of intrathecal thyrotropin-releasing hormone (protirelin) in refractory depressed patients.
the addition of continuous intravenous infusion of ketorolac to a patient-controlled analgetic morphine regime reduced postoperative myocardial ischemia in patients undergoing elective total hip or knee arthroplasty.
the place of anticonvulsant therapy in bipolar illness.
patients excluded from an antidepressant efficacy trial.
neural network based on adaptive resonance theory as compared to experts in suggesting treatment for schizophrenic and unipolar depressed in-patients.
management of the depressive component of bipolar disorder.
depression in the medically ill: management considerations.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: a novel antidepressive strategy?.
relapse prevention by means of paroxetine in ect-treated patients with major depression: a comparison with imipramine and placebo in medium-term continuation therapy.
the effects of electroconvulsive therapy on quantitative electroencephalograms: relationship to clinical outcome.
the 'half-age' stimulation strategy for ect dosing.
experimental studies of the therapeutic action of electroconvulsive therapy in endogenous depression: the role of the electrical stimulation and of the seizure studied by variation of stimulus intensity and modification by lidocaine of seizure discharge.
who responds to electroconvulsive therapy? a comparison of effective and ineffective forms of treatment.
rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in drug-resistant depression.
management of treatment resistance in the depressed geriatric patient.
psychotic depression.
therapeutic options for treating major depression, and the role of venlafaxine.
effects of thyrotropin-releasing hormone administration on the electroconvulsive therapy induced prolactin responses and seizure time.
intrathecal morphine for analgesia in children undergoing selective dorsal rhizotomy.
subjective memory complaints prior to and following electroconvulsive therapy.
role of serotonin3 receptors in prolactin release induced by electroconvulsive therapy: a study with ondansetron.
the effect of esmolol pretreatment on the incidence of regional wall motion abnormalities during electroconvulsive therapy.
electroconvulsive therapy and resistant depression: clinical implications of seizure threshold.
subjective side effects during electroconvulsive therapy.
autobiographical memory and mood: effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
the role of pterins in depression and the effects of antidepressive therapy.
addition of monoamine oxidase inhibitors to carbamazepine: preliminary evidence of safety and antidepressant efficacy in treatment-resistant depression.
use of midazolam for ect anesthesia: effects on antidepressive efficacy and seizure duration. preliminary findings.
comparison of propofol and methohexitone in anaesthesia for ect: effect on seizure duration and outcome.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of major depression - a pilot study.
the comparative effects of methohexital, propofol, and etomidate for electroconvulsive therapy.
cost analysis of paroxetine versus imipramine in major depression.
the ictal eeg as a marker of adequate stimulus intensity with unilateral ect.
onset and time course of antidepressant action: psychopharmacological implications of a controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy.
predictors of retrograde amnesia following ect.
isoflurane narcotherapy in depressive patients refractory to conventional antidepressant drug treatment. a double-blind comparison with electroconvulsive treatment.
neuropsychiatric sequelae of stroke and traumatic brain injury: the role of psychostimulants.
antidepressant and cognitive effects of twice- versus three-times-weekly ect.
patient knowledge about electroconvulsive therapy: effect of an informational video.
which depressed patients respond to ect? the nottingham results.
postoperative analgesia and plasma levels after transdermal fentanyl for orthopedic surgery: double-blind comparison with placebo.
mixed or dysphoric manic states: psychopathology and treatment.
a medication algorithm for treatment of bipolar rapid cycling?.
treatment approaches to therapy-resistant depression.
comparison of the efficacy of titrated, moderate-dose and fixed, high- dose right unilateral ect in elderly patients.
the significance of clinical eeg abnormalities in depressed patients treated with ect.
an exploratory evaluation of ect in haloperidol-treated dsm-iiir schizophreniform disorder.
behavioral habituation to spatial novelty: interference and noninterference studies.
efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy after propofol and methohexital anesthesia.
effects of low-dose trh on cognitive deficits in the ect postictal state.
comparison of the efficacy of epidural morphine given by intermittent injection or continuous infusion for the management of postoperative pain.
treatment response of depressed outpatients unresponsive to both a tricyclic and a monoamine oxidase inhibitor antidepressant.
effects of caffeine pretreatment on measures of seizure impact.
acute cognitive effects of subconvulsive electrical stimulation.
the antidepressant efficacy of high-dose nondominant long-distance parietotemporal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy.
suicide in major depression.
a comparison of propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for ect: effects on seizure duration, therapeutic outcome, and memory.
propofol anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy. reduced seizure duration may not be relevant.
biological criteria of recovery.
treatment of depression in bipolar disorder: new directions for research.
prolactin and thyrotropin responses to ect after pindolol administration. a placebo controlled study.
report on efficacy of treatments for bipolar disorder.
the dst as a predictor of outcome in depression: a meta-analysis.
opioid antagonist adjuncts to epidural morphine for postcesarean analgesia: maternal outcomes.
suicide, depression and antidepressants.
a quantitative analysis of clinical drug trials for the treatment of affective disorders.
dose-response pharmacology of intrathecal morphine in human volunteers.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
twice versus thrice weekly ect in melancholia: a double-blind prospective comparison.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
weekly ect in geriatric depression.
somatic therapy for major depressive disorder: selection of an antidepressant.
long-term treatments of recurrent depressive disorders.
a controlled study of sustained-release morphine sulfate tablets in chronic pain from advanced cancer.
acute effects of electroconvulsive therapy on hemispatial neglect.
psychotic (delusional) major depression: should it be included as a distinct syndrome in dsm-iv?.
pharmacotherapy of obsessive compulsive disorder.
time dependent therapeutic effects of single electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in endogenous depression.
symptomatic predictors of ect response in medication-nonresponsive manic patients.
β-blockers and depression: evidence against an association.
enhanced serotonergic responsivity following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression.
who benefits from electroconvulsive therapy? combined results of the leicester and northwick park trials.
is old-fashioned electroconvulsive therapy more efficacious? a randomised comparative study of bilateral brief-pulse and bilateral sine-wave treatments.
effects of unilateral-nondominant vs. bilateral ect on memory and depression: a preliminary report.
electroconvulsive therapy and schizophrenia.
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
citalopram with addition of lithium/placebo (double blind) in the treatment of therapy-resistant depressive patients: methodology and biological investigations.
ect-induced prolactin release: effect of sex, electrode placement and serotonin uptake inhibition.
electroconvulsive therapy and schizophrenia. update from the data of the literature.
comparative effectiveness of detoxication hemosorption and ect in endogenous depressive patients with resistance to tricyclic antidepressant treatment.
treatment of resistant depression with the citalopram-lithium combination. methodology of a double-blind multicenter study and preliminary results.
an efficacy study of single- versus double-seizure induction with ect in major depression.
depressive syndromes and antidepressants.
labetalol in the control of cardiovascular responses to electroconvulsive therapy in high-risk depressed medical patients.
anticonvulsants in affective disorders.
a comparison of triiodothyronine and thyroxine in the potentiation of tricyclic antidepressants.
caffeine augmentation of ect.
dexamethasone suppression tests in the context of a double-blind trial of electroconvulsive therapy and simulated ect.
a placebo-controlled evaluation of vasopressin for ect-induced memory impairment.
potentiation of antidepressant treatment by thyroid hormone: review.
lateralized hemispheric mechanisms and the antidepressant effects of right and left unilateral ect.
effectiveness of nalbuphine for relief of burn debridement pain.
evaluation of a cancer pain model for the testing of long-acting analgesics. the effect of ms contin in a double-blind, randomized crossover design.
ergoloid mesylates and ect.
effect of a single nighttime dose of oxazepam on seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy.
lack of effect of naloxone on prolactin and seizures in electroconvulsive therapy.
glycopyrrolate versus atropine in post-ect amnesia in the elderly.
a dose-response study of intrathecal morphine: efficacy, duration, optimal dose, and side effects.
a double-blind comparison of sinusoidal wave and brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy in endogenous depression.
treatment strategy in depression. ii. mao inhibitors in depression resistant to cyclic antidepressants: two controlled crossover studies with tranylcypromine versus l-5-hydroxytryptophan and nomifensine.
antidepressants: their efficacy and place in therapy.
electroconvulsive treatment compared with lithium in the management of manic states.
propofol for electroconvulsive therapy. a comparison with methohexitone. preliminary report.
effects of electrode placement on the efficacy of titrated, low-dose ect.
naloxone has no effect on hormonal responses to ect in man.
acute effects of ect on cardiovascular functioning: relations to patient and treatment variables.
respiratory interactions of ketamine and morphine.
a comparison of some retrograde and anterograde effects of electroconvulsive shock in patients with severe depression.
eeg-monitored ect: a comparison of seizure duration under anesthesia with etomidate and thiopentone.
a survey of practising psychiatrists' views on treatment of the depressions.
relative efficacy rates for therapies of delusional depression.
missed and brief seizures during ect: differential response between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
treatment of depression in the elderly.
intramuscular naloxone reverses the side effects of epidural morphine while preserving analgesia.
efficacy of ect: a meta-analysis.
efficacy of patient-controlled versus conventional analgesia of postoperative pain.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
leicester ect trial: results in schizophrenia.
electrophysiological and hormonal responses to three types of electroconvulsive therapy.
electroconvulsive therapy in 1985. a review.
prediction of relapse with the trh test and prophylactic amitriptyline in 39 patients with endogenous depression.
memory self-ratings before and after electroconvulsive therapy: depression- versus ect induced.
double-blind comparison of alprazolam versus imipramine in the inpatient treatment of major depressive illness.
memory test performance under three different waveforms of ect for depression.
profile of clinical efficacy and side effects of carbamazepine in psychiatric illness: relationship to blood and csf levels of carbamazepine and its -10,11-epoxide metabolite.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
classification of depression and response to antidepressive therapies.
effects of ect on pituitary hormone release: relationship to seizure, clinical variables and outcome.
estrogen in the treatment of depression: neuropharmacological mechanisms.
effects of ect and depression on various aspects of memory.
bilateral versus unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: efficacy in melancholia.
a double-blind controlled comparison of the therapeutic effects of low and high energy electroconvulsive therapies.
comparison of electroconvulsive therapy with imipramine in endogenous depression: a double blind study.
the value of cytidine-5-diphosphate-choline in the prevention of impairment of memory function after electric convulsive therapy. a double-blind study.
hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis abnormality and ect response.
electroconvulsive treatment. therapeutic and deleterious effects.
biological relationships between mania and melancholia.
the effect of treatment on the melancholias (depressions).
lithium continuation therapy following electroconvulsive therapy.
evaluation of cognitive effects of ect (preliminary observations).
comparative onset of improvement in depressive symptomatology with drug treatment, electroconvulsive therapy, and placebo.
the effect of fronto-frontal and temporo-parietal unilateral ect on retrograde memory.
electric convulsion therapy in depression: a double-blind controlled trial.
acth(4-10) and memory in ect-treated and untreated patients. i. effect on consolidation.
acth(4-10) and memory in ect-treated patients and untreated controls. ii. effect on retrieval.
comparison of nondominant unilateral and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. clinical efficiency and side effects.
the northwick park electroconvulsive therapy trial.
evaluation of unilateral electro-convulsive therapy. (a double blind study).
unilateral and bilateral ect in elderly patients. a comparative study.
the treatment of psychotic major depressive disorder with drugs and electroconvulsive therapy.
running through your mind.
the effect of diazepam on the recovery of endogenously depressed patients.
failure of l-triiodothyronine (t3) to potentiate tricyclic antidepressant response.
a comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and combined phenelzine-amitriptyline in refractory depression.
influence of tryptophan on memory functions in depressive patients treated with unilateral ect.
double-blind controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy (e.c.t.) and simulated e.c.t. in depressive illness.
mianserin and lithium in the prophylaxis of depression.
comparison of fronto frontal and temporo parietal unilateral ect.
evaluation of the combination of tryptophan and ect in the treatment of depression. i. clinical analysis.
evaluation of the combination of tryptophan and ect in the treatment of depression. ii. biochemical analysis.
amitriptyline blood levels and relapse.
the use of drugs in the prevention of relapse in affective disorders.
antidepressant drug therapy in psychotic depression.
towards rational therapy with monoamine oxidase inhibitors.
clinical use of tricyclic antidepressants.
diagnosis and evaluation of ect.
comparison of unilateral dominant and non dominant ect on verbal and non verbal memory.
introduction to clinical aspects of monoamine oxidase inhibitors in the treatment of depression.
mortality in depressed patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and antidepressants.
thyrotropin releasing hormone: differential antidepressant and endocrinological effects.
memory changes after unilateral electroconvulsive therapy with different electrode positions.
the effects of unilateral brief interval ect on memory.
diencephalic stimulation and the effects of ect in endogenous depression.
a controlled comparative trial of unilateral and bilateral sinusoidal and pulse e.c.t. in endogenous depression.
eeg in unilateral and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
therapeutic results in brief interval unilateral ect.
comparative trial of l tryptophan and e.c.t. in severe depressive illness.
unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. investigations into the therapeutic effect in endogenous depression.
chlorpromazine and the anti depressive efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy.
clomipramine (anafranil), tofranil (imipramine) and placebo: a comparative study in relation to electroconvulsive therapy.
chlorpromazine and the antidepressive efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy.
respiratory effects of hydromorphone in man.
a comparison of the analgesic effects of profadol and morphine in patients with cancer.
drug therapy in depressions: controlled evaluation of imipramine, isocarboxazide, dextroamphetamine-amobarbital, and placebo.
.
there are 90 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a putative add-on treatment for major depression in elderly patients.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
in the end, 80 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 10.
false positive rate: 0.7320028510334996.
false negative rate: 0.1111111111111111.

Included target articles are as follow:
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
what saccadic eye movements tell us about tms-induced neuromodulation of the dlpfc and mood changes: a pilot study in bipolar disorders.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
the acdc pilot trial: targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rtms for the treatment of depression.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a putative add-on treatment for major depression in elderly patients.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: a pilot study of acute safety and efficacy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
