total number of articles searched: 134.
include criteria: [['participants diagnosed with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen allergy'], ['administration of grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy tablets'], ['comparative group receiving placebo or standard treatment'], ['successful reduction in allergy symptoms and improvement in quality of life'], ['meta-analysis or systematic review study design']].
exclude criteria: [['children under 5 years old', 'patients with severe asthma', 'patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)'], ['allergen sublingual immunotherapy using drops', 'allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy', 'other types of immunotherapy (e.g. subcutaneous)'], ['placebo-controlled trials with no active treatment group', 'open-label trials without a control group', 'studies with multiple treatment arms and complex comparisons'], ['improvement in quality of life not measured', 'non-standardized outcome measures used', 'short-term outcomes only (e.g. within 1 month of treatment)'], ['case reports or case series', 'non-human studies', 'non-interventional or observational studies']].
sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.
oral immunotherapy for allergic conjunctivitis using transgenic rice expressing hypoallergenic antigens.
epicutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy ameliorates grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: a double-blind, placebo-controlled dose escalation study.
immunotherapy is allergen-specific: a double-blind trial of mite or timothy extract in mite and grass dual-allergic patients.
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
protocol for a double-blind randomised controlled trial of low dose intradermal grass pollen immunotherapy versus a histamine control on symptoms and medication use in adults with seasonal allergic rhinitis (pollenlite).
pollen immunotherapy reduces the development of asthma in children with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis (the pat-study).
a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial by the sublingual route of immunotherapy with a standardized grass pollen extract.
allergen-specific ige in circulating immune complexes in patients with inhalant allergy undergoing specific immunotherapy.
allergen-specific immunotherapy in birch- and grass-pollen-allergic rhinitis. i. efficacy estimated by a model reducing the bias of annual differences in pollen counts.
allergen-specific immunotherapy in birch- and grass-pollen-allergic rhinitis. ii. side-effects.
lack of effect of timothy grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet on birch pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in an environmental exposure unit.
allergen-specific immunotherapy with recombinant grass pollen allergens.
long-term efficacy of injected allergen immunotherapy for treatment of grass pollen allergy in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis.
a preseason booster prolongs the increase of allergen specific igg4 levels, after basic allergen intralymphatic immunotherapy, against grass pollen seasonal allergy.
safety and immunological changes during sublingual immunotherapy with standardized quality grass allergen tablets.
new toxicity testing of pq grass allergy immunotherapy to support product development.
sublingual grass allergen tablet immunotherapy provides sustained clinical benefit with progressive immunologic changes over 2 years.
cost-effectiveness of grazax for prevention of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in southern europe.
cost-effectiveness of grass allergen tablet (grazax) for the prevention of seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis - a northern european perspective.
long-term allergen-specific immunotherapy correlates with long-term allergen-specific immunological tolerance.
safety and efficacy of immunotherapy with the recombinant b-cell epitope-based grass pollen vaccine bm32.
high-dose sublingual immunotherapy with single-dose aqueous grass pollen extract in children is effective and safe: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
efficacy and safety of specific immunotherapy with a high-dose sublingual grass pollen preparation: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
prolonged effect of allergen sublingual immunotherapy to grass pollen.
allergy immunotherapy tablet: grazax r for the treatment of grass pollen allergy.
determinants and factors of satisfaction with sublingual immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis.
additional benefit of a third year of specific grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
specific immunotherapy in pollen allergy.
the relevance of patient-reported outcomes in a grass pollen immunotherapy trial in children and adolescents with rhinoconjunctivitis.
[allergen-specific immunotherapy utilizing mechanisms for immune regulation].
once-daily sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy improves quality of life in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a double-blind, randomised study.
evaluation of safety and tolerability of a rush up-dosing allergen-specific immunotherapy with grass pollen, birch, hazel, and alder allergoid in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma.
design and recruitment for the gap trial, investigating the preventive effect on asthma development of an sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis: a randomized controlled trial.
off-label use of oral immunotherapy for rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma due to grass pollen: a safe and effective alternative in patients over 65 years old: a series of case reports.
allergen-specific cd4+ t cell responses in peripheral blood do not predict the early onset of clinical efficacy during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
early onset of action of a 5-grass-pollen 300-ir sublingual immunotherapy tablet evaluated in an allergen challenge chamber.
efficacy of sublingual swallow immunotherapy in children with severe grass pollen allergic symptoms: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
serum concentrations of allergen-specific igg antibodies in inhalant allergy: effect of specific immunotherapy.
anti-igg antibodies during immunotherapy with purified grass pollen extracts.
efficacy and safety of allergen-specific immunotherapy in rhinitis, rhinoconjunctivitis, and bee/wasp venom allergies.
soluble trail as a marker of efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
current issues on sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis.
cluster subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
dynamic changes, correlation of basophils, and the therapeutic effect in patients with allergic rhinitis during allergen-specific immunotherapy.
acupuncture as an add-on therapy to sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy for patients with allergic rhinitis.
quality of life outcomes with sublingual immunotherapy.
does skin prick test response intensity predict symptom severity and efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis?.
update on sublingual immunotherapy.
double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids. iii. efficacy and safety of unfractionated and high-molecular-weight preparations in rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma.
intralymphatic immunotherapy with one or two allergens renders similar clinical response in patients with allergic rhinitis due to birch and grass pollen.
double-blind, placebo-controlled study with sublingual immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen.
safety and tolerability of seasonal ultra-rush, high-dose sublingual-swallow immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis to grass and tree pollens: an observational study in 193 children and adolescents.
oralair r: sublingual immunotherapy for the treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
short course of grass allergen peptides immunotherapy over 3 weeks reduces seasonal symptoms in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma: a randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
five-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet for the treatment of grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: 5 years of experience.
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
comparison of the effect of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets and drops in children with rhinoconjunctivitis.
health economic comparison of slit allergen and scit allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal grass-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in germany.
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
quality of life improvement after a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy in patients with house dust mite and grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis: results from real-life.
the effects of grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy on clinical and immunological parameters in children with allergic rhinitis.
intralymphatic immunotherapy with birch and grass pollen extracts. a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial.
health-related quality of life during routine treatment with the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet: a non-interventional observational study.
grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal rhinitis and asthma: a randomized, controlled trial.
long-term clinical efficacy of grass-pollen immunotherapy.
effect of sublingual immunotherapy with grass monomeric allergoid on allergen-specific t-cell proliferation and interleukin 10 production.
effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy on platelet secretory activity in patients with grass-pollen allergy.
il-5 production by allergen-stimulated t cells following grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
ifng, fcer1a, pcdhb10 expression as a new potential marker of efficacy in grass pollen allergen-specific immunotherapy.
sustained effect of grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy on suppression of allergen-specific basophil response.
intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy: an effective and safe alternative treatment route for pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.
the effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy on polymorphonuclear leukocyte functions in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
efficacy of subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis-based comparison.
protocol for a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of grass allergen immunotherapy tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis: time course of nasal, cutaneous and immunological outcomes.
epidemiology of allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollen or house-dust mites in spain.
allergen-specific immunotherapy and covid-19: what happened?.
effectiveness and adverse reactions to subcutaneous immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis/asthma.
increasing long-term safety of seasonal grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy: the ecrit study.
systemic and large local reactions during subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy in children.
pollinex quattro: an innovative four injections immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis.
allergen specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis.
sublingual immunotherapy vs placebo in the management of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a double-blind placebo-controlled trial of polymerized whole grass administered in an accelerated dosage schedule for immunotherapy of grass pollinosis.
immunologic effects and tolerability profile of in-season initiation of a standardized-quality grass allergy immunotherapy tablet: a phase iii, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in adults with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis.
carbamylated monomeric allergoids as a therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of dust mite- and grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic review of published trials with a meta-analysis of treatment using lais r tablets.
sustained effect of sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life.
lack of detectable alterations in immune responses during sublingual immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen.
an extract of timothy-grass pollen used as sublingual immunotherapy for summer hay fever.
[efficacy and safety of cluster immunotherapy for 154 patients with allergic rhinitis].
allergen-specific low-dose immunotherapy in perennial allergic rhinitis: a double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study.
identification of key genes and the pathophysiology associated with allergen-specific immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis.
allergen specific immunotherapy in nasobronchial allergy.
clinical efficacy and immunological mechanisms of sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy in asthmatic/rhinitis children sensitized to house dust mite: an open randomized controlled trial.
effect of postoperative specific immunotherapy combined with nasal irrigation on chronic rhinosinusitis with allergic rhinitis.
impact of allergic rhinitis on quality of life in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis.
adverse events during immunotherapy against grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis - differences between subcutaneous and sublingual treatment.
efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
clinical efficacy and tolerability of a steady dosage schedule of local nasal immunotherapy. results of preseasonal treatment in grass pollen rhinitis.
clinical efficacy of sublingual-swallow immunotherapy: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a standardized five-grass-pollen extract in rhinitis.
safety of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis in concomitant asthma.
there are 4 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 4 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.7835820895522388.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
