total number of articles searched: 181.
include criteria: [['adults aged 18 and older diagnosed with major depressive disorder', 'participants with acute major depressive episodes'], ['non-surgical brain stimulation techniques used as the intervention', 'comparative efficacy of different brain stimulation techniques'], ['no intervention or placebo group', 'active comparators such as pharmacological interventions', 'comparative efficacy and acceptability with control group'], ['improvement in depressive symptoms', 'acceptability of treatment measured by dropout rates or adverse events'], ['systematic review and network meta-analysis study design', 'peer-reviewed articles only', 'articles published in english']].
exclude criteria: [['studies involving pediatric or adolescent populations', 'studies focusing on treatment of other psychiatric disorders', 'animal studies', 'reviews, editorials, letters or conference abstracts', 'qualitative studies'], ['studies with surgical brain stimulation interventions', 'studies using surgical interventions in addition to non-surgical brain stimulation', 'studies focusing on non-depressive mental health conditions', 'studies using pharmacological interventions only', 'studies with small sample sizes'], ['studies without a control group', 'studies with active treatment control group using surgical interventions', 'studies comparing different non-surgical brain stimulation techniques only', 'studies with historical or non-randomized controls', 'studies without blinding measures'], ['studies with outcomes other than efficacy or acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation', 'studies with outcomes focusing on long-term or maintenance treatment', 'studies with no clearly defined outcome measures', 'studies not reporting on major depressive episodes', 'studies with outcomes based solely on self-report'], ['non-systematic reviews or case reports', 'studies with inadequate reporting of methodology', 'studies without detailed information on statistical analysis', 'non-english studies', 'studies with high risk of bias']].
current updates on newer forms of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
characterizing cortical oscillatory responses in major depressive disorder before and after convulsive therapy: a tms-eeg study.
management of treatment-resistant depression: somatic nonpharmacological therapies.
transcranial and invasive brain stimulation for depression.
brain stimulation in posttraumatic stress disorder.
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
brain stimulation therapies: vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and deep brain stimulation.
electroconvulsive treatment and new techniques of electrical and magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression-question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems.
theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation to induce seizures in an epilepsy monitoring unit.
a case report of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation induced seizures in a patient with bipolar depression on selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
theta burst stimulation in the rehabilitation of the upper limb: a semirandomized, placebo-controlled trial in chronic stroke patients.
effects of rubber hand illusion and excitatory theta burst stimulation on tactile sensation: a pilot study.
a lack of efficacy of continuous theta burst stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in autism: a double blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
prolonged continuous theta burst stimulation of the motor cortex modulates cortical excitability but not pain perception.
non-invasive brain stimulation therapy in multiple sclerosis: a review of tdcs, rtms and ect results.
transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for medication-resistant psychosis of schizophrenia.
the efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation in the treatment of children and adolescents with anorexia nervosa: study protocol of a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled trial.
a high-density theta burst paradigm enhances the aftereffects of transcranial magnetic stimulation: evidence from focal stimulation of rat motor cortex.
the effects of accelerated intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on executive functions in treatment-resistant depression.
safety and tolerability of theta burst stimulation vs. single and paired pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation: a comparative study of 165 pediatric subjects.
analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in neuropathic pain: influence of theta burst stimulation priming.
modulation of cortical motor networks following primed theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the effect of pulse shape in theta-burst stimulation: monophasic vs biphasic tms.
theta-burst tms of lateral occipital cortex reduces bold responses across category-selective areas in ventral temporal cortex.
the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex as a flexible hub mediating behavioral as well as local and distributed neural effects of social support context on pain: a theta burst stimulation and tms-eeg study.
bilateral neuronavigated 20hz theta burst tms for treatment refractory depression: an open label study.
effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation and theta burst stimulation for modulating the posterior parietal cortex.
effects of hyperdirect pathway theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on inhibitory control, craving, and smoking in adults with nicotine dependence: a double-blind, randomized crossover trial.
medial prefrontal cortex theta burst stimulation improves treatment outcomes in alcohol use disorder: a double-blind, sham-controlled neuroimaging study.
pfc neuromodulation with theta burst stimulation to impact behavior and neural network activity in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
preconditioning prefrontal connectivity using transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation.
a double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the effects of daily tdcs sessions targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on tinnitus handicap inventory and visual analog scale scores.
omega-3 fatty acids for treating residual depressive symptoms in adult patients with bipolar disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
combined transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
[transcranial and invasive brain stimulation for depression].
[electroconvulsive treatment and new techniques of electrical and magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression--question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems].
nonpharmacological, somatic treatments of depression: electroconvulsive therapy and novel brain stimulation modalities.
magnetic seizure therapy for unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review.
differential neurophysiological effects of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) and electroconvulsive shock (ecs) in non-human primates.
neurobiological mechanisms of ect and tms treatment in depression: study protocol of a multimodal magnetic resonance investigation.
role of electroconvulsive therapy, ketamine infusion, and deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a case report.
effect of anatomical variability on neural stimulation strength and focality in electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and magnetic seizure therapy (mst).
applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation and magnetic seizure therapy in the study and treatment of disorders related to cerebral aging.
antidepressant efficacy and immune effects of bilateral theta burst stimulation monotherapy in major depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, sham-stimulation controlled study of transcranial magnetic stimulation with precision navigation for the treatment of multiple system atrophy.
comparing the anti-depressive effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of patients with depression.
the role of continuous theta burst tms in the neurorehabilitation of subacute stroke patients: a placebo-controlled study.
efficacy of intensive orbitofrontal continuous theta burst stimulation (iofctbs) in obsessive compulsive disorder: a randomized placebo controlled study.
"efficacy of intensive bilateral temporo-parietal continuous theta-burst stimulation for auditory verbal hallucinations (tpc-save) in schizophrenia: a randomized sham-controlled trial".
preconditioning with cathodal high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation sensitizes the primary motor cortex to subsequent intermittent theta burst stimulation.
efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
no effect of anodal tdcs on motor cortical excitability and no evidence for responders in a large double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
cortico-spinal tdcs in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial followed by an open-label phase.
theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for auditory verbal hallucinations: negative findings from a double-blind-randomized trial.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in smoking cessation: no differences between active and placebo stimulation when using advanced placebo coil technology. a double-blind follow-up study.
d-cycloserine normalizes long-term motor plasticity after transcranial magnetic intermittent theta-burst stimulation in major depressive disorder.
trimethaphan (arfonad) control of hypertension and tachycardia during electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind study.
nonpharmacotherapeutic somatic treatments for bipolar disorder (ect, dbs, rtms).
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in late-life depression: a possible option for older depressed adults in need of ect during the covid-19 pandemic.
unlocking therapeutic potential: the role of theta burst stimulation in multiple sclerosis management.
pilot study with randomised control of dual site theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for methamphetamine use disorder: a protocol for the tartan study.
comparative assessment of best conventional with best theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols on human motor cortex excitability.
the role of dorsal premotor area in reaction task: comparing the "virtual lesion" effect of paired pulse or theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the effects of individualised intermittent theta burst stimulation in the prefrontal cortex: a tms-eeg study.
bridging the skull: electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in psychiatry.
lowering the seizure threshold in electroconvulsive therapy using transcranial magnetic stimulation: a case report.
prolonged continuous theta-burst stimulation is more analgesic than 'classical' high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
combined effects of theta-burst stimulation with transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex: study protocol of a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial using 99mtc-ecd spect.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the cerebellum improves ataxia and cerebello-fronto plasticity in multiple system atrophy: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled and tms-eeg study.
comparison of neuroplastic responses to cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation and continuous theta burst stimulation in subacute stroke.
effects of celecoxib on inflammatory markers in bipolar patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy: a placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomised study.
treatment of auditory hallucinations with bilateral theta burst stimulation (ctbs): protocol of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on cognitive function recovery in patients with depression following electroconvulsive therapy (ect): protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
theta burst stimulation versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for poststroke dysphagia: a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
there are 4 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 4 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.6740331491712708.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
what saccadic eye movements tell us about tms-induced neuromodulation of the dlpfc and mood changes: a pilot study in bipolar disorders.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
the acdc pilot trial: targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rtms for the treatment of depression.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a putative add-on treatment for major depression in elderly patients.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: a pilot study of acute safety and efficacy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
