total number of articles searched: 347.
include criteria: [['pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus', 'offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['development of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease'], ['no specific control group'], ['prevalence or incidence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['systematic review', 'meta-analysis']].
exclude criteria: [['exclusion of studies on non-pregnant individuals with nafld'], ['exclusion of studies that do not focus on gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['exclusion of studies without a control group for comparison'], ['exclusion of studies that do not report outcomes related to intergenerational nafld development'], ['exclusion of non-systematic review and meta-analysis studies']].
metformin beyond type 2 diabetes: emerging and potential new indications.
the relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in type 2 diabetes patients with mafld.
women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—a birth cohort study.
the interplay between birth weight and obesity in determining childhood and adolescent cardiometabolic risk.
developmentally programmed obesity: is there a role for anti-inflammatory nutritional strategies?.
gestational and developmental contributors of pediatric masld.
biological activities, molecular mechanisms, and clinical application of naringin in metabolic syndrome.
adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: a nationwide study.
exist: examining risk of excess adiposity—machine learning to predict obesity-related complications.
advances in mass spectrometry-based blood metabolomics profiling for non-cancer diseases: a comprehensive review.
interleukin-38 and insulin resistance.
relationship between gut microbiota and the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
bone mass, microarchitecture and turnover among young indian women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
pathophysiological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
analysis of cortisol mechanism to predict common genes between pcos and its co-morbidities.
impact of neighbourhood-level social determinants of health on healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with nafld cirrhosis: a population-based study in ontario, canada.
obesity and metabolic disorders in infertile women: an interesting relationship between multifactorial conditions.
sterile inflammation and the nlrp3 inflammasome in cardiometabolic disease.
natural history of pregnancy and pregnancy outcomes in subjects with lipodystrophy.
diabetes insipidus with hypokalemia in a 30 week pregnant female.
undiagnosed mody in case of morbid obesity.
liver chemistries trends in pregnant patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
adipose tissue insulin resistance, liver fat and fetuin-a in south asian and nordic women after gestational diabetes.
glp-1 analogs and regional adiposity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
familial partial lipodystrophy: clinical features, genetics and treatment in a greek referral center.
metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes: adiposity variables and adipocytokines in offspring at age of 9 years.
sleep quality and metabolic consequences in overweight or obese children and adolescents.
associations between plasma sulfur amino acids and specific fat depots in two independent cohorts: codam and the maastricht study.
association between maternal obesity, essential fatty acids and biomarkers of fetal liver function.
new-onset nafld during pregnancy is a risk factor for large-for-gestational age birthweight.
abnormal lipid profile in neonates born to mothers with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus: a minireview.
maternal elevated inflammation impairs placental fatty acids β-oxidation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
novel implication of the prolactin (prl) gene in the comorbidity of type 2 diabetes and depression.
assessment of infantile psychomotor development status in 6 and 12-month-old iugr infants: a historical cohort study.
combined effect of pancreatic lipid content and gene variants (tcf7l2, wfs1 and 11bhsd1) on b-cell function in middle aged women in a post hoc analysis.
machine learning for data integration in human gut microbiome.
assessing subcutaneous, visceral and liver fat using first trimester antenatal ultrasound and creating a predictive model for gestational diabetes.
perinatal outcomes of covid-19 in pregnancy in a tertiary care center in south india.
the detection of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease via fibroscan® in early-to-mid pregnancy is an independent risk factor for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
zebrafish in utero glucose exposure induces lipid dysregulation that is abrogated by acetyl coa carboxylase or glycolysis inhibition.
prevalence of elevated alanine aminotransferase (alt) in pregnancy: a cross-sectional labor and delivery-based assessment.
maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and fetal hepatic steatosis: is there a link?.
the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
pregnancy-related liver disease is more common in aboriginal and torres strait islander mothers: targeting an at-risk and unstudied population.
gut microbiota in women with gestational diabetes mellitus has potential impact on metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring.
prenatal effects of nicotine on obesity risks: a narrative review.
circular rnas in diabetes mellitus and its complications.
influence of gender in diabetes mellitus and its complication.
fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy – an observational cohort study.
influence of pregnancy on nafld-associated lipidomic signatures.
pregnancy as a unique opportunity to identify nafld in women: a prospective assessment.
automated machine learning (automl)-derived preconception predictive risk model to guide early intervention for gestational diabetes mellitus.
genetic obesity in children: overview of possible diagnoses with a focus on sh2b1 deletion.
heart health in polycystic ovary syndrome: time to act on the data.
outcomes in infants born to mothers with and without non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
the epidemiology and mechanisms of lifetime cardiopulmonary morbidities associated with pre-pregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain.
recent advances in understanding nrf2 agonism and its potential clinical application to metabolic and inflammatory diseases.
beneficial effects of probiotics in some of the important human disorders: a narrative review.
identification of potential lncrnas and co-expressed mrnas in gestational diabetes mellitus by rna sequencing.
metabolic syndrome: updates on pathophysiology and management in 2021.
systematic review with meta-analysis: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the association with pregnancy outcomes.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods.
is chronic liver disease a risk factor for preeclampsia?.
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease as a predictor for gestational diabetes mellitus in primigravida women – a prospective cohort study.
gut microbiota in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy.
a case of monogenic diabetes mellitus caused by a novel heterozygous rfx6 nonsense mutation in a 14-year-old girl.
aberrant dna methylation mediates the transgenerational risk of metabolic and chronic disease due to maternal obesity and overnutrition.
long non-coding rnas in metabolic disorders: pathogenetic relevance and potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets.
systematic review with meta-analysis: nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) in pregnancy.
selenium supplementation and oxidative stress: a review.
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
longitudinal associations of total and trunk fat in childhood and adolescence and risk of hepatic steatosis at 24 years.
roles of micrornas in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders and their therapeutic potential.
a case of dichorionic diamniotic (dd) twin pregnancy that led to a diagnosis of diabetes insipidus with a background of acute fatty liver of pregnancy (aflp).
the prevalence of metabolic associated fatty liver detected by fibroscan® in women with gestational diabetes in a multiethnic population.
polycystic ovarian syndrome: impact on adult and fetal health.
the current and potential therapeutic use of metformin—the good old drug.
390 prediction of gestational diabetes in the first trimester using machine learning-based methods.
treatment and diagnosis changes polycystic ovary syndrome.
enhancing oxygenation of patients with coronavirus disease 2019: effects on immunity and other health-related conditions.
fear of missing out: a brief overview of origin, theoretical underpinnings and relationship with mental health.
combination of cafeteria diet with intraperitoneally streptozotocin in rats. a type-2 diabetes model.
prevalence and predictors of nafld in pregnant women.
one year’s treatment with the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist liraglutide decreases hepatic fat content in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and prior gestational diabetes mellitus in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
the risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
a traditional korean diet alters the expression of circulating micrornas linked to diabetes mellitus in a pilot trial.
genetic risk factors in metabolic fatty liver disease: common risk factors for fatty liver disease, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia.
high burden of future liver disease in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy patients.
maternal exercise improves high-fat diet-induced metabolic abnormalities and gut microbiota profiles in mouse dams and offspring.
high plasmatic levels of advanced glycation end products are associated with metabolic alterations and insulin resistance in preeclamptic women.
the effects of myo-inositol and probiotic supplementation in a high-fat-fed preclinical model of glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
phenotypic characteristics and risk factors in a multi-ethnic cohort of young adults with type 2 diabetes.
engaging the asean diaspora: type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the united states.
rising numbers of pregnant women with nafld cirrhosis: a population-based study.
the development of hba1c level among individuals with type 2 diabetes in direva registry.
obeticholic acid ameliorates dyslipidemia but not glucose tolerance in mouse model of gestational diabetes.
molecular insight into the interaction between epigenetics and leptin in metabolic disorders.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight.
american college of epidemiology annual meeting.
variable phenotype in hnf1b mutations: extrarenal manifestations distinguish affected individuals from the population with congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract.
hepatic mir-582-5p is programmed by maternal diet-induced obesity in male mice and contributes to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
lymphocytic hypophysitis: a challenge to diagnose postpartum:.
effects of physical exercise during pregnancy on the modulation of liver mitochondrial function in an animal model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
historical and current adenosine receptor agonists in preclinical and clinical development.
518: the risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in pregnant women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
237: maternal hdl in early pregnancy as a risk factor for small-for-gestational-age birthweight.
non-cholesterol sterol concentrations as biomarkers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis in different metabolic disorders: a systematic review.
the melatonin receptor 1b polymorphism (rs10830963) might be associated with hyperlipidemia & fatty liver diseases in korean population.
gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a population-based cohort study.
a narrative review of medical and genetic risk factors among children age 5 and younger with severe obesity.
prediabetes directly deteriorates into diabetic ketoacidosis and hyperosmolar hyperglycemic syndrome triggered by acute pancreatitis: a case report illustrating a “chicken and egg” paradigm in ketosis-prone diabetes.
the renal manifestations of type 4 familial partial lipodystrophy: a case report and review of literature.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.
maternal dietary patterns and the risk of large-for-gestational age births.
letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle.
the brown-fat-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 is decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus.
irisin in metabolic diseases.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester as a risk factor for large-for-gestationalage birthweight: a prospective study.
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy and associated feto-maternal outcomes in a tertiary care hospital in dhaka, bangladesh.
lymphocytic hypophysitis: a challenge to diagnose postpartum.
use and importance of nonhuman primates in metabolic disease research: current state of the field.
a novel homozygous mutation causing lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency in a proband of romanian origin with a record of extreme gestational hyperlipidemia.
intrauterine hyperglycemia induces hepatic steatosis in mouse offspring via altered lipid gene expressions.
metabolic syndrome: sex-related cardiovascular risk & therapeutic approach.
prediagnostic liver enzymes, abdominal adiposity, and risk of gestational diabetes.
altered fatty acid and mitochondrial metabolism in the liver of pregnant adiponectin-deficient mice contributes to insulin resistance and gestational diabetes mellitus.
elevated unexplained alanine amniotransferase and subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia.
obesity: increasing risk of morbidity in children and adolescents: determinants, consequences and prevention of childhood overweight and obesity.
metformin: from research to clinical practice.
placental and cord blood dna methylation profiling in small-for-gestational-age newborns from uncomplicated pregnancies: relationship to prenatal growth and postnatal body composition.
the effect of one-year treatment with a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist on nafld in women with prior gestational diabetes.
the association of alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes.
the progression and natural history of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
obstetric complications in obese pregnant women, associated with liver steatosis.
the effect of one-year treatment with the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist liraglutide on nafld in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
liver complications and hepatitis in pregnancy.
insulin resistance and high amount of visceral fat characterize women with previous gestational diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
the association of elevated first trimester alt with gestational diabetes mellitus.
elevated first trimester alt is associated with large for gestational age birthweight.
isoleucine-to-methionine substitution at residue 148 variant of pnpla3 gene and metabolic outcomes in gestational diabetes.
hyperglycemia: mody: a diagnosis to remember.
unusual cases of diabetes mellitus as a result of heterozygous missense mutation r482w in lmna gene in 2 unrelated families, described for the first time in russian population.
developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
pregravid liver enzyme levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus during a subsequent pregnancy.
a possible role of polycystic ovary syndrome for pregnancy complications in women with psoriasis.
leptin and epilepsy.
prevalence of endocrine disorders in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
metformin: an old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes.
follistain like 3 overespression improves insulin sensitivity in diet induced obese female mice.
prevalence of hepatic steatosis in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus.
developmental programming in diabetes and obesity.
fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induces fatty liver and glucose intolerance in rats.
the role of obesity in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.
polycystic ovary syndrome: current infertility management.
current treatment strategies,,complications and considerations for the use of hiv antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy.
association of fatty liver index (fli) with parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes.
assessment of fatty liver index (fli) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes.
one consequence of infertility treatment: multifetal pregnancy.
fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induced elevated liver triglyceride content and glucose intolerance in rats.
microcirculation and the metabolic syndrome.
management of obesity in pregnancy.
treating hiv during pregnancy: an update on safety issues.
thrombocytopenia in the parturient.
maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy.
there are 8 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
the number of target article missing is: 2.
false positive rate: 0.659942363112392.
false negative rate: 0.25.

Included target articles are as follow:
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes and incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the kangbuk samsung health study.
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women.
gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.
hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference.
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes.
