New recommendations on cerebral venous and dural sinus thrombosis from the German consensus-based (S2k) guideline; Over the last years, new evidence has accumulated on multiple aspects of diagnosis and management of cerebral venous and dural sinus thrombosis (CVT) including identification of new risk factors, studies on interventional treatment as well as treatment with direct oral anticoagulants. Based on the GRADE questions of the European Stroke Organization guideline on this topic, the new German guideline on CVT is a consensus between expert representatives of Austria, Germany and Switzerland. New recommendations include: • CVT occurring in the first weeks after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination with vector vaccines may be associated with severe thrombocytopenia, indicating the presence of a prothrombotic immunogenic cause (Vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia; VITT). • D-dimer testing to rule out CVT cannot be recommended and should therefore not be routinely performed. • Thrombophilia screening is not generally recommended in patients with CVT. It should be considered in young patients, in spontaneous CVT, in recurrent thrombosis and/or in case of a positive family history of venous thromboembolism, and if a change in therapy results from a positive finding. • Patients with CVT should preferably be treated with low molecular weight heparine (LMWH) instead of unfractionated heparine in the acute phase. • On an individual basis, endovascular recanalization in a neurointerventional center may be considered for patients who deteriorate under adequate anticoagulation. • Despite the overall low level of evidence, surgical decompression should be performed in patients with CVT, parenchymal lesions (congestive edema and/or hemorrhage) and impending incarceration to prevent death. • Following the acute phase, oral anticoagulation with direct oral anticoagulants instead of vitamin K antagonists should be given for 3 to 12 months to enhance recanalization and prevent recurrent CVT as well as extracerebral venous thrombosis. • Women with previous CVT in connection with the use of combined hormonal contraceptives or pregnancy shall refrain from continuing or restarting contraception with oestrogen–progestagen combinations due to an increased risk of recurrence if anticoagulation is no longer used. • Women with previous CVT and without contraindications should receive LMWH prophylaxis during pregnancy and for at least 6 weeks post partum. Although the level of evidence supporting these recommendations is mostly low, evidence from deep venous thrombosis as well as current clinical experience can justify the new recommendations. This article is an abridged translation of the German guideline, which is available online.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension and obstetric and neonatal outcomes: A 1:20 matched study from a population database; Objective: Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), also known as pseudotumor cerebri, is a common pathology in reproductive-aged women, although data regarding pregnancy outcomes are scarce. In the present study, we aimed to compare pregnancy and perinatal outcomes between women who suffered from IIH to those who did not. Methods: A retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample. All pregnant women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004–2014) were included. Women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of IIH before or during pregnancy were matched to controls without IIH according to age, race, insurance type, and income quartile, in a 1:20 ratio. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between the two groups. Results: Overall, 9 096 788 deliveries were identified. Of these, 1454 women (0.016%) had a diagnosis of IIH (study group) and were compared to 29 080 women without IIH (control group). Women with IIH, compared to those without, were more likely to be obese (body mass index >30 kg/m2) and suffer from pregestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension (P < 0.001, all). After adjusting for confounders, patients in the IIH group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.82, 95% CI: 1.57–2.1, P < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (aOR 1.98, 95% CI: 1.61–2.45, P < 0.001), preterm delivery (aOR 1.88, 95% CI: 1.59–2.23, P < 0.001), CD (aOR 2.41, 95% CI: 2.12–2.73, P < 0.001), wound complications (aOR 3.2, 95% CI: 1.89–5.42, P < 0.001), and congenital anomalies (aOR 2.18, 95% CI: 1.4–3.4, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with IIH had a higher incidence of obstetrical complications, including preterm deliveries, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and congenital anomalies.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes among pregnant patients with cystic fibrosis; Objective: The pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) have yet to be evaluated in a prolonged, population-based study. We sought to evaluate the obstetric and neonatal outcomes in pregnant patients with CF using a national population database. Study Design: Retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). All women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004–2014) were included in the study. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of cystic fibrosis to those without. Results: Overall, 9 096 159 women met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 629 women (6.9/100000) had CF. Women with CF were more likely to be younger and have pregestational diabetes mellitus compared to those without. CF in pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus [aOR 3.20 (95 %CI 2.48–4.15), p = 0.0001], placenta previa [aOR 2.74 (95 %CI 1.30–5.79), p = 0.008], preterm delivery [aOR 2.17 (95 %CI 1.71–2.77), p = 0.0001], operative vaginal delivery [aOR 1.59 (95 %CI 1.17–2.16), p = 0.003], and death [aOR 86.41 (95 %CI 30.91–241.58), p = 0.0001], and a decreased likelihood of having a spontaneous vaginal delivery [aOR 0.80 (95 %CI 0.66–0.97), p = 0.02]. Patients with CF were more likely to experience deep venous thrombosis [aOR 7.64 (95 %CI 1.90–30.72), p = 0.004] and disseminated intravascular coagulation [aOR 3.68 (95 %CI 1.37–9.87), p = 0.01] compared to those without. The risk of delivering a fetus with congenital anomalies was similar between groups. Conclusion: Pregnant patients with CF have an increased risk of developing adverse maternal and delivery outcomes. As such, these patients should receive vigilant surveillance during pregnancy.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with PCOS and endometriosis: a population database cohort; Purpose: PCOS and endometriosis are independent risk factors for perinatal outcomes. Little research has evaluated the concomitant effects of these conditions, nor have studies been conducted on a population database. We sought to identify the pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and endometriosis vs. PCOS without endometriosis. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study was performed extracting data using ICD-9 codes from the HCUP-NIS Database from 2004 to 2014. Endometriosis in women with PCOS represented the study group (n = 163), and the remaining PCOS, non-endometriosis patients constituted the reference group (n = 14,719). Subjects were included once per delivery. Demographics were compared using chi-squared tests. Confounding effects in pregnancy outcomes were controlled using binary logistic regression analysis. Results: Concomitant endometriosis and PCOS patients were more likely to be white (88.5% vs.71.0%, p < 0.001), with BMI < 30 kg/m2 (87.1% vs.77.8%, p < 0.004) and from lower income quartiles (27.1% vs.17.1%, p < 0.017) when compared to PCOS without endometriosis. Comparing pregnancy complication rates, placental abruption (p < 0.018, aOR 3.01, 95% CI 1.21–7.50), Cesarean section (p < 0.003, aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.21–2.53), deep venous thromboses (p < 0.002, aOR 74.31, 95% CI 4.57–1209.21), and venous thromboembolic events (p < 0.031, aOR 10.40, 95% CI 1.24–87.37), were increased in the study group compared to the reference group. Conclusion: Women with PCOS and endometriosis were more likely to be white, of lower socioeconomic status, lean, and experience abruptio-placenta, cesarean deliveries, and venous thromboembolisms. Since little was previously known about the combined outcomes of PCOS and endometriosis, it is difficult to counsel patients on risks. Our findings can help clinicians manage pregnant PCOS patients with endometriosis to minimize complications such as abruptio placenta and VTE.
A More Selective vs a Standard Risk-Stratified, Heparin-Based, Obstetric Thromboprophylaxis Protocol; Importance: In 2016, our institution adopted a pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis protocol based on American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines that recommended postpartum heparin-based chemoprophylaxis (enoxaparin) based on a risk-stratified algorithm. In response to increased wound hematomas without significant reduction in VTE using this protocol, a more selective risk-stratified approach was adopted in 2021. Objective: To evaluate outcomes of the more selective risk-stratified approach to heparin-based obstetric thromboprophylaxis (enoxaparin) protocol. Design, Setting, and Participants: Retrospective observational study of 17489 patients who delivered at a single tertiary care center in the southeast US between January 1, 2016, and December 31, 2018 (original protocol), and between December 1, 2021, and May 31, 2023 (more selective protocol). Patients receiving outpatient anticoagulation for active VTE or high VTE risk during pregnancy were excluded. Exposure: Standard risk-stratified and more selective postpartum VTE chemoprophylaxis protocols. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was clinical diagnosis of wound hematoma up to 6 weeks pos tpartum. The secondary outcome was new diagnosis of VTE up to 6 weeks post partum. We compared baseline characteristics and outcomes between groups and estimated adjusted odds ratios with 95% CIs of primary and secondary outcomes using the original protocol group as reference. Results: Of 17489 patients included in the analysis, 12430 (71%) were in the original protocol group and 5029 (29%) were in the more selective group. Rates of chemoprophylaxis decreased from 16% (original protocol) to 8% (more selective protocol). Patients in the more selective group were more likely to be older, be married, and have obesity or other comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, cardiac disease). Compared with the original protocol, the more selective protocol was associated with a decrease in any wound hematoma (0.7% vs 0.3%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.38; 95% CI, 0.21-0.67), specifically due to a lower rate of superficial wound hematomas (0.6% vs 0.3%; aOR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.24-0.75). There was no significant increase in VTE or individual types of VTE (0.1% vs 0.1%; aOR, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.12-1.36). Conclusions and Relevance: A more selective risk-stratified approach to an enoxaparin thromboprophylaxis protocol for VTE was associated with decreased rates of wound hematomas without increased rates of postpartum VTE.
Pharmacologic venous thromboembolism prophylaxis for preterm prelabor rupture of membranes; BACKGROUND: Pregnant patients with preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (PPROM) may experience prolonged hospitalization, which is an indication for pharmacologic venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis according to certain international guidelines. The proportion of patients who deliver unexpectedly and within a period during which pharmacologic prophylaxis would be expected to impact coagulation is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the proportion of patients with PPROM who would deliver within 12 hours of typical dosing of pharmacologic VTE prophylaxis if administered routinely for antepartum admissions >72 hours. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study from a database including patients admitted for expectant management of PPROM January 2011 to September 2020. The outcome of the study was the proportion of patients who remained undelivered 72 hours after admission and experienced an unplanned delivery potentially within 12 hours of enoxaparin administration. We evaluated patients undelivered after 72 hours due to international recommendations to initiate VTE prophylaxis in hospitalized patients after 72 hours. Unplanned delivery was defined as onset of spontaneous labor or other indication for immediate delivery. Timing of delivery was analyzed based on usual timing of enoxaparin administration daily at approximately 8 AM and the recommendation to withhold regional anesthesia until 12 hours after a prophylactic dose. RESULTS: 1381 deliveries were identified as PPROM out of the 49,322 deliveries in our database. 139 cases were included after the following exclusions: delivery >35 weeks (N=641), rupture of membranes >34 weeks (N=145), delivery <72 hours after admission (N=409), insufficient data (N=35), and duplicates (N=12). Sixty of the 139 (43%) had an unplanned delivery, while 33 of these (24% of total) occurred within 12 hours of enoxaparin administration. CONCLUSION: A quarter of patients admitted for PPROM had an unplanned delivery within 12 hours of typical enoxaparin dosing. This cohort may experience harm (ineligibility for regional anesthesia, risks of general anesthesia, increased risk of bleeding) if given routine pharmacologic VTE prophylaxis. Risk/benefit considerations should be discussed with patients in considering pharmacologic versus mechanical prophylaxis during prolonged hospitalization for PPROM.
Do myomectomies decrease third trimester pregnancy complications when compared to women without myomectomies and uterine fibroids in situ? A study of an American population database; Study question: Myomectomies are performed to decrease pregnancy complications, among other indications, however, do myomectomies decrease third trimester pregnancy complications? Summary answer: Post-myomectomy, pregnancies experienced more complications including hypertensive disorders, premature-pre-term-rupture of membranes, preterm-delivery, placenta-previa, cesareans, uterine ruptures, wound complications, transfusions, and small for gestational age infants. What is known already: Patients with fibroid uterus experience reduced fertility rates and increased in obstetrical complications compared to patients without fibroids. If the removal of fibroids improves fertility is controversial for intramural fibroids, it is recommended for submucosal fibroids by the American College Of Gynaecology guidelines. It is a common, untested belief that myomectomies may reduce the risks of certain obstetrics complications. While rates of mal-placentation and hypertensive disorders may increase post-myomectomy as shown by the literature comparing myomectomy vs. control groups without fibroids, other complications may be anticipated to decrease. However, no population-based studies have attempted to answer this question. Study design, size, duration: Retrospective cohort study, using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 2004 and 2014, inclusively, based on International Classification of Diseases, 9th edition, diagnoses (ICD-9). Data collected from 48 states and the District of Columbia, representing 20% of annual hospital admissions in the United States. Population-based study, including 89,025 with uterine fibroids: 7508 pregnancies with previous abdominal myomectomy (AM) or laparoscopic myomectomy (LM), and 81,517 controls with uterine fibroids in-situ, without myomectomies. Participants/materials, setting, methods: We included patients delivery discharge diagnoses or maternal deaths, and with either uterine fibroids (ICD- 9 codes 218.0, 218.1, 218.2, 218.9) or AM or LM prior to the pregnancy, (ICD-9 codes 68.29 and 68.19 or CPT procedure code 58140, 58145, 58146, 58545 and 58546). Binomial logistic regression was used and adjusted for age, race, income quartiles, smoking, previous cesarean section, chronic and pregnancy-induced hypertension, obesity, multiple gestations, pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus. Main results and the role of chance: The myomectomy group was characterized by older patients, higher rates of Caucasian race, chronic hypertension, previous cesarean delivery, and multiple gestations, and lower, income quartiles, rates of obesity, compared to the fibroid in-situ group (P<0.05). There was no difference for rates of medical insurance plan type, tobacco smoking, pregestational diabetes, illicit drug use, thyroid disease, or in vitro fertilization use (P>0.05, all). The myomectomy group had increased rates of pregnancy-induced hypertension (adjusted odd ratios(aOR)-1.15, 95% confidence intervals(CI):1.06- 1.26), preeclampsia (aOR:1.25 95%CI:1.12-1.41), preterm delivery (aOR:1.4, 95%CI:1.27-1.53), preterm premature rupture of membranes (aOR:1.29, 95%CI:1.05-1.58), placenta previa (aOR:1.59, 95%CI:1.32-1.92), cesarean delivery (aOR:37.1, 95%CI:27.35-50.4), uterine rupture (aOR:2.1, 95%CI:1.06- 4.16), blood transfusion (aOR:1.21, 95%CI:1.68-2.24), wound complications (aOR:1.44, 95%CI:1.1-1.9), disseminated intravascular coagulation (aOR:1.58, 95%CI:1.1-2.27), and small for gestational age (SGA) infants (aOR:0,19, 95%CI:1.05-1.39) compared to the fibroid in-situ group. The myomectomy group had a lower rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (aOR:0,88, 95%CI:0,79-0,97), chorioamnionitis (aOR:0,74, 95%CI:0,6-0,93), maternal infection (aOR:0.79, 95%CI:0.65-0.95), spontaneous (aOR:0.03, 95%CI:0.02-0.04) and operative vaginal delivery (aOR:0.87, 95%CI:0.75-0.99), and postpartum hemorrhage (aOR:0.73, 95%CI:0.62-0.87). There was no significant differences for rates of gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia or eclampsia superimposed on pre-existing hypertension, abruptio placenta, hysterectomy, maternal death, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and venous thromboembolism events (P>0.05, all). Limitations, reasons for caution: The retrospective nature of the study may mask undetected bias. Moreover, although the rate of uterine rupture was increased in the myomectomy group, it was rare and requires confirmation. Further prospective studies are needed to evaluate the outcomes in pregnancy after myomectomy. Wider implications of the findings: The complications seen after myomectomies were likely related to uterine-incisions and alteration of myometrial vascularization, impairing trophectoderm invasion and leading to hypertensive disorders, mal-placentation, and abnormalities of fetal growth. Patients should be counselled regarding these potential risks. Increased understanding of the role of myomectomies on reproductive outcomes needs further study.
INCIDENCE OF DEEP VEIN THROMBOSIS (DVT) IN PREGNANT AND POSTPARTUM PATIENTS WITH HIGH VENOUS THROMBOEMBOLISM (VTE) SCORES; Background: About 1.2 pregnancies are affected by venous thromboembolism (VTE). In countries with high incomes, thrombosis and thromboembolism are major causes of mortality among mothers. In Ireland, venous thromboembolism (VTE), which includes both pulmonary embolism (PE) and deep vein thrombosis (DVT), is the main reason for sudden maternal mortality during the first six weeks following childbirth Objectives: To find out the incidence of Incidence of Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT) in Pregnant and Postpartum Patients with High Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Scores. Methodology: This cross-sectional study examined the incidence of Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT) in pregnant and postpartum women at Letterkenny University Hospital from March 2021 to march 2023. Targeting females with high Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) risk scores, the study used probability sampling to select participants from medical records and antenatal clinics. Data was collected from medical record reviews, covering demographics, obstetric and medical history, VTE risk factors, and comorbidities. Diagnostic methods included Doppler ultrasound and CT Pulmonary Angiography (CTPA). Thromboprophylaxis use, adherence, and follow-up were also recorded. Data analysis with SPSS version 24 involved descriptive statistics and chi-square tests to assess DVT incidence and its associations with various factors. Ethical approval and informed consent were obtained, ensuring the study adhered to ethical standards. Results: The study included 200 females aged 23-46 years (mean age 37±3.5 SD), with 77.5% over 35 years. Ethnically, 97.5% were Irish and 2.5% from other ethnicities. Most had high gravidity (95.5%) and parity (67%), with 95% having no prior VTE history. BMI ranged from 21 to 51.54 (mean 35.72±11 SD). Risk factors for VTE included smoking (7.5%), varicose veins (7.5%), and phlebitis (4%). Gestational diabetes mellitus was the most common comorbidity (22%), followed by essential hypertension (9.5%) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (7%). Only 1.5% of participants developed DVT, diagnosed via Doppler ultrasound or CT Pulmonary Angiography. Thromboprophylaxis was administered to 91% (INNOHEP) and 7.5% (CLEXANE), with high adherence (93.5%). Follow-up varied, with most having stable conditions and no significant changes in VTE risk status. Conclusion: The incidence of DVT among pregnant and postpartum patients with high VTE is low. Despite the presence of various risk factors and co morbidities, the overall incidence of DVT remains low, possibly due to effective thromboprophylaxis. The risk factors and comorbidities did not significantly elevate DVT incidence. Majority of the participants adhered to their prescribed thromboprophylaxis regimen. These findings highlight the effectiveness thromboprophylaxis strategies in reducing DVT incidence among high risk pregnant and post partum patients.
A comparison of obstetrical and neonatal outcomes in PCOS and CAH: a retrospective analysis of a population database; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to investigate potential differences in pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between two hyperandrogenic conditions in reproductive-aged women; polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). DESIGN: Retrospective population-based study with data from the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database (HCUP-NIS) from 2004 to 2014. SUBJECTS: 14,881 women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and 298 women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, eclampsia, preeclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on hypertension, preterm birth, preterm premature rupture of membrane, abruptio placenta, chorioamnionitis, mode of delivery, maternal infection, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism during pregnancy, intrapartum, or postpartum), maternal death, chorioamnionitis, septicemia during labor, postpartum endometritis, septic pelvic, peritonitis, small for gestational age, congenital anomalies, intrauterine fetal demise. RESULTS: After adjusting for potential confounders we found that women with PCOS were at increased risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension (adjusted OR=1.76; 95% CI: 1.12-2.77; p=0.015) and gestational diabetes (adjusted OR=1.68; 95% CI: 1.12-2.52; p=0.012) when compared to women with CAH. Contrary women with CAH were at increased risk for delivery via cesarean section (adjusted OR 0.59; 95% CI: 0.44-0.80; p<0.001) and small for gestational age neonates (adjusted OR 0.32; 95% CI: 0.20-0.52; p<0.001). CONCLUSION: This study is the first to directly compare obstetrical and neonatal outcomes between patients with PCOS and CAH. Despite the similar phenotypes and some common hormonal and biochemical profiles such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperandrogenism, our results suggest the existence of additional metabolic pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of pregnancy complications.
Inconceivable: Outcomes of Contraception in LVAD-Supported Women of Childbearing Age; Purpose: Complete abstinence from pregnancy is recommended for women supported on durable left ventricular assist devices (LVAD). However, the safety and efficacy of hormonal contraception strategies in women on LVADs are not well described. Methods: A retrospective cohort of all female patients aged 50 or younger supported with HeartMate II (HM2), HeartMate 3 (HM3), or HeartWare (HW) devices from two LVAD centers in the United States was evaluated for contraceptive strategies and prior history of hysterectomy/tubal ligation. Contraceptive failure and adverse events (LVAD-associated hemolysis or thrombosis and venous thromboembolic events [VTE]) were assessed. Results: Thirty-one females (age: 37 ± 9 years, weight: 86 ± 23 kg, and BMI: 32 ± 8 kg/m2) were included with an average support duration of 34 months. Patients were supported with HM2 (4 [13%]); HW (15 [49%]); and HM3 (12 [39%]) devices and were primarily bridge to transplant (17 [55%]). Relevant comorbidities included type 2 diabetes mellitus (4 [13%]), systemic hypertension (16 [52%]), PCOS (2 [6%]), and prior tobacco use (2 [6%]). On average, patients had 3.3 ± 2.7 prior pregnancies and 1.7 ± 1.7 children prior to LVAD. In the cohort, 17 (55%) used contraception (10 IUD, 5 oral contraceptive pills, 2 hormonal contraceptive implants), 8 (26%) had a prior tubal ligation or hysterectomy, 5 (16%) used no form of contraception, and 1 had ovarian failure related to chemotherapy. Pregnancy occurred in 2 (6%) patients (1 IUD, 1 no contraception, 0.02 pregnancies per patient-year). LVAD thrombotic complications occurred in 4 (17%) patients, only one of whom was in the hormonal contraception group. Thus, contraceptive use was not associated with LVAD hemolysis or thrombosis (OR 0.22, 95% CI 0.02-2.53). However, VTE events were noted in 3 (10%) patients, all of whom were on hormonal contraception (1 DVT on medroxyprogesterone, 1 DVT on IUD, and, 1 PE on norethindrone, 0.03 VTE events per patient-year). Conclusion: This study represents the first multicenter study evaluating contraceptive usage and adverse events in women on LVADs. These data suggest hormonal contraceptive therapy is associated with a low rate of LVAD-related thrombotic complications but with a higher rate of VTE events, suggesting the importance of enhanced vigilance. Contraception continues to be strongly advised on LVAD particularly as legal challenges to abortion are expanding.
Factors influencing recurrent varicose vein formation after radiofrequency thermal ablation for truncal reflux performed in two high-volume venous centers; Objective: Recanalization of the saphenous vein trunk after endovenous radiofrequency ablation (RFA) is often associated with recurrent varicose veins (RVVs) or recanalization. This study aimed to assess the long-term results of RFA of the great saphenous vein (GSV) and identify the risk factors for GSV recanalization and RVVs during follow-up for patients presenting to dedicated outpatient vein centers. Methods: All consecutive patients with incompetent GSVs who underwent RFA between 2009 and 2019 were retrospectively analyzed. The primary study end points were freedom from GSV recanalization and the RVV rate during follow-up. The secondary study end points were the postoperative complication rate and the risk factors for GSV recanalization and RVVs. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to identify the potential risk factors for GSV recanalization and RVVs. Results: During the study period, 1568 limbs were treated in 1300 consecutive patients (mean age, 53.5 ± 12.9 years; 71.9% women; CEAP [clinical, etiology, anatomy, pathophysiology] C2-C6; venous clinical severity score >5). Technical success was achieved in 99.7% of cases. At a mean follow-up of 57.2 ± 25.4 months, the GSV occlusion and freedom from reintervention rates were 100% and 100% within 1 week, 97% and 95.7% at 1 year, 95.2% and 93.1% at 3 years, and 92.4% and 92.8% at 5 years, respectively. The recurrence rate was 10% (n = 158) during the follow-up period. On multivariate analysis, a direct confluence of the accessory saphenous vein into the saphenofemoral junction (odds ratio [OR], 1.561; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.0-7.04; P = .032), a history of pregnancy >2 (OR, 3.68; 95% CI, 1.19-11.36; P = .023), C4 (OR, 6.41; 95% CI, 1.36-30.28; P = .019), and preoperative GSV diameter >10 mm (OR, 1.82; 95% CI, 1.65-4.03; P = .043) were risk factors for GSV recanalization. Moreover, age >70 years (OR, 1.04; 95% CI, 1.01-1.06; P = .014) and incompetent perforator veins (OR, 1.17; 95% CI, 0.65-2.03; P = .018) were also risk factors for RVVs. Conclusions: RFA is a safe technique to ablate the GSV with a low complication rate and durability during 5 years of follow-up. However, patients with a high clinical score and those with direct confluence of the accessory saphenous vein into the saphenofemoral junction experienced higher long-term GSV recanalization and RVV rates.
The risk for venous thromboembolism and cardiometabolic disorders in offspring from thrombosis-prone pedigrees; Background: Most family studies on venous thromboembolism (VTE) have focused on first-degree relatives. Objectives: We took a pedigree-based approach and examined the risk of VTE and cardiometabolic disorders in offspring from extended pedigrees according to the densities of VTE in pedigrees. Methods: From the Swedish population, we identified a total of 482 185 pedigrees containing a mean of 14.2 parents, aunts/uncles, grandparents, and cousins of a core full sibship that we termed the pedigree offspring (n = 751 060). We then derived 8 empirical classes of these pedigrees based on the density of cases of VTE. The risk was determined in offspring for VTE and cardiometabolic disorders as a function of VTE density in their pedigrees. Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons was performed. Results: VTE was unevenly distributed in the population; the Gini coefficient was 0.59. Higher VTE density in pedigrees was associated in the offspring with a higher risk of different VTE manifestations (deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, pregnancy-related VTE, unusual thrombosis, and superficial thrombophlebitis), thrombophilia, and lower age of first VTE event. Moreover, VTE density in pedigrees was significantly associated in the offspring with obesity, diabetes, gout, varicose veins, and arterial embolism and thrombosis (excluding brain and heart). No significant associations were observed for retinal vein occlusion, hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, atrial fibrillation, heart failure, primary pulmonary hypertension, cerebral hemorrhage, aortic aneurysm, peripheral artery disease, and overall mortality. Conclusion: Offspring of pedigrees with a high density of VTE are disadvantaged regarding VTE manifestations and certain cardiometabolic disorders.
Therapeutic changes of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients in pregnancy and feto-maternal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study; Objectives: Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) frequently show non-compliance with their medication. We evaluated the compliance of patients with SLE in Jordan with their medication and the relationships with fetal and maternal outcomes. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of patients with SLE who had no co-morbidities or antiphospholipid syndrome; and were taking only prednisolone, hydroxychloroquine, and/or antiplatelet and anticoagulant medication. Results: We studied 173 pregnancies. Prednisolone was administered around pregnancy in 50 (28.9%) of these. The compliance with hydroxychloroquine, prednisolone, and anticoagulant and antiplatelet medication was 87.5%, 91.4%, and 97.3%, respectively. Non-compliance with anticoagulant/antiplatelet therapy was significantly associated with pregnancy-related complications. No complications developed in participants who were non-compliant with prednisolone therapy. The mean pre-pregnancy Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) for the pregnancies was 3.7, indicating low disease activity. Pregnancies with high pre-pregnancy SLEDAI scores tended to be more likely to have preterm deliveries, intrauterine growth restriction, and stillbirth. Postpartum relapse tended to be associated with higher pre-pregnancy SLEDAI. Conclusions: In patients with pre-conceptional low SLE activity, changes in therapeutic compliance during pregnancy are not associated with adverse outcomes. In addition, post-partum relapse is not associated with pre-pregnancy SLEDAI score in therapeutically compliant patients.
A Study on Iron Deficiency Anemia in Relation to Prevalence, Risk Factors and Management among Pregnant Women in a Tertiary Care Hospital; Background:Gestational anemia is a common condition prevailing throughout the world despite being preventable and easily diagnosable. Objective: This study was intended to determine the prevalence, possible risk factors, and management of anemia. Methodology:A prospective observational study was conductedon 196 pregnant women at MVJ Medical College and Research Hospital between February 2022 and August 2022. Case report forms and laboratory investigations were used to confirm the diagnosis and medications. Iron deficiency anemia was classified into mild, moderate, and severe anemia in accordance with WHO criteria. Results And Conclusion: Among the sample of patients analysed,122 subjects (62.24%) had mild anemia, 49 (25%) had moderate anemia, and 25 (12.76%) had severe anemia. Using Fisher’stest, it was found that there is an association between folic acid tablets consumption adherence and severity all through 1st trimester (p-value of 0.0489 at 95%CI) and a correlation between severity and intake of iron and calcium capsules during 2nd trimester (p-value 0.0009 at 95%CI). Major risk elements observed in the study were hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes mellitus, vaginal candidiasis, and hyperemesis gravidarum. Patients received oral medications, blood transfusion, and intravenous iron injections consistent with the severity of their anemia. Major associated complications were low birth weight, pre-eclampsia, and threatened preterm. Thus, it is important to monitor the hemoglobin levels to prevent unfortunate outcomes for both the mother and fetus.
Venous Thromboembolism Risk Factors in Women With Obesity Who Undergo Cesarean Delivery; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a leading cause of maternal mortality. Obesity and cesarean delivery are established risk factors for pregnancy-related VTE. We identified additional risk factors among patients with obesity who underwent a cesarean delivery to identify those who need VTE prophylaxis. We conducted a secondary analysis of data from the Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units Network (MFMU) Cesarean Registry Database using a case-control design. Cases were identified as women with obesity having a pre-pregnancy body mass index of >30 kg/m2, who underwent cesarean delivery and subsequently developed deep venous thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE). These women were compared to a control group of women with obesity who underwent cesarean delivery but did not develop DVT or PE. Analysis of risk factors associated with VTE was performed using Chi-Square test and Fisher's exact test. We identified 43 VTE cases and 172 controls in the MFMU database. Increased risk of VTE was noted in women with endometritis (OR of 4.58 [95% CI: 1.86-11.2, P =.0004]), receiving a blood transfusion (OR 17.07 [95% CI: 4.46-65.3, P =.0001]), having a coagulopathy (OR 27.73 [95% CI: 3.24-237.25, P =.0003]), and urinary tract infection (OR 2.39 [95% CI: 1.08-5.28, P =.03]). Important risk factors for VTE in women with obesity who undergo cesarean delivery include endometritis, intra- or post-operative transfusion, coagulopathy, and urinary tract infection. The presence of one or more of these factors may help guide provider decision-making regarding whether to administer thromboprophylaxis.
Impact of thrombosis location on walking capacity: a cohort study of patients with acute deep vein thrombosis; Background: Data on walking impairment during the acute phase of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) are limited. Objectives: This study aimed to assess the degree of walking impairment in patients with acute DVT, with a particular focus on the relation to the DVT's anatomical location. Methods: Patients with sonographically confirmed DVT were eligible for inclusion in this cohort study. Pain-free walking distance (PWD) and maximum walking distance (MWD) were determined using standardized treadmill ergometer tests and analyzed in relation to DVT location. The impact of previous DVT on walking capacity was evaluated in an exploratory analysis. Results: The study included 64 patients (31% women; median age, 55 years). The median (IQR) time from diagnosis to exercise test was 3 (1-5) days. Patients with suprainguinal DVT demonstrated significantly shorter median (IQR) MWD than those with infrainguinal DVT (130 (61-202) m vs 565 (128-750) m; P < .01), while PWD did not significantly differ (PWD: 20 (0-30) m vs 40 (0-222) m; P = .14). The proportion of patients who had to terminate treadmill tests prematurely was higher in patients with suprainguinal DVT (91.7% vs 57.7%; P = .04). PWD and MWD seemed to be similar in patients with and without a history of DVT. Premature test termination and suprainguinal DVT location were associated with reduced quality of life, as measured by the EuroQoL Group 5-Dimension 5-Level questionnaire and visual analog scale. Conclusion: Suprainguinal DVT was linked to a more pronounced walking impairment compared with infrainguinal DVT. Limited walking capacity was associated with a reduced quality of life.
Efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitors combined with bevacizumab in MSS/pMMR advanced colorectal cancer after first-line treatment failure; Objective: To investigate the effects of a PD-1 inhibitor combined with a bevacizumab monoclonal antibody on tumor immune cells in patients with first-line treatment failure in MSS/pMMR advanced colorectal cancer. Methods: Control group consisted of 50 patients treated with the FOLFIRI combined with Bevacizumab regimen. The experimental group consisted of 60 patients treated with the Sintilimab combined with Bevacizumab regimen. By comparing the expression levels of CD8+ T lymphocytes, TAMs, and CAFs before and after treatment, short-term efficacy after treatment, and adverse drug reactions between the two groups, we comprehensively evaluated the impact of Sintilimab combined with Bevacizumab on patients with MSS/pMMR advanced colorectal cancer who failed first-line treatment. Results: There was a statistically significant difference in the percentage of CD8+ T lymphocytes, TAMs, and CAFs before and after treatment between the two groups (P<0.05);Immunohistochemical scoring of CD8+ T lymphocytes, TAMs, and CAFs showed significant differences between the groups post-treatment (P<0.05). The experimental group demonstrated statistically significant differences in immunohistochemical scoring of CD8+ T lymphocytes, TAMs, and CAFs before and after treatment (P<0.05). There was a statistically significant difference in the therapeutic effect between the two groups of tumors (P<0.05). The experimental group had greater PFS, mPFS, ORR, and DCR than did the control group. There was no statistically significant difference in the occurrence rate of drug-related adverse reactions after treatment between the two groups (P>0.05). The results of the Cox proportional hazards model analysis indicate that age, gender, and group are independent risk factors affecting MSS/pMMR advanced colorectal cancer patients treated with second-line therapy in this study. Patients aged ≤60 years, male patients, and those in the experimental group showed better treatment responses in this study. Conclusion: By administering immune checkpoint inhibitors in combination with bevacizumab to patients with advanced colorectal cancer with MSS/pMMR disease for whom first-line treatment failed, not only did the patients’ prognosis improve, but the adverse drug reactions were also safe and controllable.
Do Absorbable Sutures Work for Rectus Diastasis Repair in Abdominoplasty Patients?; Background: The standard treatment for rectus diastasis is rectus sheath plication during abdominoplasty. Lasting correction of diastasis is essential, but there is currently a debate as to whether absorbable or nonabsorbable rectus plication achieves a lower rate of recurrence. Objectives: The goal of this study is to assess long-term patient outcomes and the recurrence of rectus diastasis after plication with long-lasting absorbable sutures. Methods: A retrospective study of abdominoplasties performed by the senior author between 2018 and 2022 was performed. Only female patients with >6 months of follow-up were included. Plication of the rectus muscles was performed with a combination of interrupted, buried, figure of eight #0 polydioxanone suture and running #0 Maxon (Covidien, Mansfield, MA). Outcomes were assessed by physical examination at postoperative visits. A retrospective chart review was used to obtain demographic and perioperative information. Results: Seventy-one patients underwent abdominoplasty with an average follow-up of 21.1 months. The average age was 43 years, and the average BMI was 27 kg/m2. Correction of rectus diastasis was performed using absorbable sutures in all patients with no recurrence of diastasis in any patient (0% diastasis recurrence rate). Complications included delayed wound healing (11%), seroma (8.5%), hematoma (2.8%), and deep vein thrombosis/pulmonary embolism (2.8%). No patients needed reoperation. Conclusions: Abdominal wall plication using a double-layered, long-lasting absorbable suture closure is a safe, reliable, and effective method to address rectus diastasis during abdominoplasty. Our technique achieved no recurrence of diastasis in any patient and a low complication profile.
Incidence of Maternal and Perinatal Morbidity in Sickle Cell Disease and Sickle Cell Trait Patients during Pregnancy; Background: Sickle cell disease (SCD) patients have a higher risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity during pregnancy than the general population. Pregnancy in SCD is associated with increased metabolic demands, a hypercoagulable state, endothelial dysfunction, severe anemia, and increased vaso-occlusive episodes. We designed a study to retrospectively review the clinical outcomes of pregnant patients with SCD and SCD trait to examine the incidence of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. We hypothesized that SCD patients should have a higher morbidity during pregnancy and SCD trait patients should not have higher morbidity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study and reviewed 29,822 patient encounters. Pregnant patients with the SCD genotype - Hb SS, Hb S beta 0 thalassemia, Hb S beta + thalassemia and Hb SC disease, and sickle cell trait (SCD trait) - Hb AS were included. Maternal clinical outcome variables for the entire pregnancy duration were vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC), deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism (PE), infections - sepsis, septic shock, asymptomatic bacteriuria, acute pyelonephritis, and urinary tract infection (UTI), cerebrovascular accident (CVA), myocardial infarction (MI) and transient ischemic attack (TIA). Clinical outcome variables for pregnancy complications were preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and C-section rate. Clinical outcome variables for neonatal complications included preterm birth and low birth weight. ICD 9 and ICD 10 codes were used to search for the pregnancy, SCD, sickle cell trait, maternal and neonatal outcomes. Data was collected from the Health Facts Database, which contains de-identified information from electronic medical records (EMR) of hospitals in which Cerner© has a data use agreement. The categorical clinical outcome variables were analyzed using Chi-square test. Results: There were 29,822 patient encounters reviewed. Patients with SCD had higher percentages for C-section rates, CVA, preeclampsia, sepsis, septic shock, and VOC compared to those with SCD trait. C-section rates were higher in SCD patients with 76.43% versus 13.76% in SCD trait patients. CVA was higher in SCD patients with 73.78% versus 0% in SCD trait patients. Preeclampsia was higher in SCD patients with 75.92% in SCD patients versus 5.43% in SCD trait patients. Sepsis and septic shock were higher in SCD patients with 73.75% in SCD patients versus 0% in SCD trait patients. VOC was evident in SCD patients with 0.06% versus 0% in SCD trait patients. Patients with SCD trait had higher percentages for asymptomatic bacteriuria, GDM, low birth weight, preterm birth, and UTI compared to patients with SCD. Asymptomatic bacteriuria was higher in SCD trait patients with 0.25% versus 0.08 in SCD patients. GDM was higher in SCD trait patients with 3.09% versus 0% in SCD patients. Low birth weight was higher in SCD trait patients with 0.61% versus 0.17% in SCD patients. Preterm birth was higher in SCD trait patients with 0.78% versus 0.44% in SCD patients. UTI was noted in SCD trait patients with 0.02% versus 0% in SCD patients. There were no findings for DVT, PE, acute pyelonephritis, MI, and TIA in both SCD and SCD trait patients. Conclusion: Pregnant patients with SCD were more likely to have C-sections, CVA, preeclampsia, sepsis, septic shock, and VOC. Pregnant patients with SCD trait were more likely to have asymptomatic bacteriuria, GDM, low birth weight, preterm birth, and UTI. Our findings indicate that prevention and management of CVA, preeclampsia, sepsis, and septic shock is important for pregnant patients with SCD to prevent adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The higher rate of C-sections may have been to reduce the severity of maternal and perinatal morbidity in SCD patients. Our study has significant limitations - retrospective nature and use of ICD9 and ICD10 codes for clinical outcome variables. Certain clinical outcome variables, such as CVA, sepsis or septic shock, may have been overestimated as these diagnoses may have been recorded prior to the start of pregnancy in the EMR. Nevertheless, SCD patients have higher maternal and perinatal morbidity that needs to be addressed.
Thromboembolic Events in Chronic Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Formidable Complication; Background/Aims Patients with chronic inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are at high risk of thromboembolic events (TEA), which are a significant cause of morbidity and mortality. They are attributed to a pre-thrombotic state induced by the inflammatory activity of this disease. The aim of our study was to evaluate the prevalence and search for associated factors that may favor the occurrence of TTE during IBD. Methods This is a cross-sectional and descriptive study spread over a period of 5 years between July 2017 and August 2022, carried out in the gastroenterology department of the Ibn Rochd University Hospital of Casablanca, including all IBD patients who presented a venous thrombosis during their follow-ups. Only thromboembolic events confirmed by imaging were considered Results During the study period, we included 437 patients, of whom 9 had venous thrombosis, i.e., a prevalence of 2.05%. They were five women and four men, with a mean age of 46.3 +/- 9.6 years. Six patients had Crohn's disease, and three had ulcerative colitis. The mean time between the diagnosis of the disease and the occurrence of thrombosis was 41 months. It was a deep thrombosis of the lower limbs in five cases, of the portal vein in one case, of the spleno-mesenteric trunk in one case, a pulmonary embolism in one case, and a cerebral thrombophlebitis in one case.TEA was noted on admission in 4 patients (44.4%) or during hospitalization in 5 patients (55.6%). Six patients were on heparinoprophylaxis at the time of the thrombosis. In the context of the search for factors favoring thrombosis, at the time of the thromboembolic complication, all the patients were in a progressive phase of their disease, judged to be moderate in 6 cases and severe in 3 cases, the notion of prolonged immobilization was found in 3 patients, cholecystectomy in 2 patients, smoking in 2 patients, diabetes in 2 patients, and dyslipidemia in one patient.On the other hand, there was no obesity or hypertension among our patients. In the five female patients, there was no history of pregnancy, childbirth or oral contraception.The blood count was normal in all patients. The thrombophilia workup, including the determination of TA III, proteins C and S, factor V and II Leiden mutation, and anti-phospholipid antibodies was performed in 3 patients and was normal.The evolution was favorable in all patients under anticoagulant treatment. Conclusion The prevalence of venous thrombosis during IBD in our series was 2.05%. Venous thrombosis of the lower limbs was the most frequent location.These TEA seem to occur during the active phase of the disease, underscoring the importance of prevention of thromboembolic disease during relapses and also of insisting on smoking cessation.
Does Concomitant Umbilical Hernia Repair Increase the Risk of Complications in Abdominoplasty? A Propensity Score Matched Analysis; Background: Patients seeking cosmetic abdominoplasty often have umbilical hernias. Optimal management and safety of concomitant umbilical hernia repair with abdominoplasty is not well described. Objectives: The goal of this study was to compare complication rates following abdominoplasty with or without umbilical hernia repair. Methods: A retrospective propensity score matched cohort study of patients who underwent an abdominoplasty at Massachusetts General Hospital was performed. Direct umbilical hernia repair was performed by making a fascial slit inferior or superior to the umbilical stalk. The fascial edges were approximated with up to three 0-Ethibond sutures (Ethicon, Raritan, NJ) from the preperitoneal or peritoneal space. Propensity score matching was used to adjust for confounding variables. Results: The authors identified 231 patients with a mean [standard deviation] age of 46.7 [9.7] years and a mean BMI of 25.9 [4.4] kg/m2. Nine (3.9%) had diabetes, 8 (3.5%) were active smokers, and the median number of previous pregnancies was 2. In total, 223 (96%) had a traditional abdominoplasty, whereas 8 (3.5%) underwent a fleur-de-lys approach. Liposuction was performed on 90%, and 45.4% underwent simultaneous breast or body contouring surgery. The overall complication rate was 6.9%. Propensity scores matched 61 pairs in each group (n = 122) with closely aligned covariates. There was no significant difference in total complication rates between abdominoplasty alone vs abdominoplasty with hernia repair. There were no cases of skin necrosis or umbilical necrosis in either group. Conclusions: Performing umbilical hernia repair with abdominoplasty is safe when utilizing the technique reported in this series.
A Scoring System to Determine the Risk Factors Causing Recurrent Pulmonary Thromboembolism; Background: The risk of recurrence in pulmonary embolism is the highest in the first week after the acute event. Although it decreases over time, it may remain high for months depending on compliance with treatment and the nature of the underlying risk factor. Our study aimed to identify risk factors that lead to recurrence in pulmonary thromboembolism (PTE) patients and establish an easy-to-use scoring system that determines the risk of recurrence after the first embolism. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 1452 patients who were diagnosed with acute PTE between 7/1/2014 and 7/1/2019. Demographic data, comorbidities and clinical data of the patients, and risk factors were recorded. The relationship of the examined parameters with recurrent PTE was evaluated. Results: Diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension, obesity, and the presence of at least one hereditary risk factor were found to be associated with recurrence. The sensitivity of our score was 66.9%, the specificity was 63.2%, the positive predictive value was 19%, and the negative predictive value was 93.7%. The risk of recurrence in the patients identified as high-risk in the scoring system was 3.47 times higher than those identified as low-risk. Conclusion: In terms of risk of recurrence, special attention should be paid to patients with diabetes, HT, obesity and any of the hereditary risk factors. Using scoring systems to determine the risk of recurrence will be valuable and interesting as it is easy-to-use gives quick results and provides quantitative results.
ARTERIAL ISCHEMIC EVENTS AND VENOUS THROMBOSIS IN SYSTEMIC SCLEROSIS: DATA FROM A MONO-CENTRIC STUDY; Background: Systemic sclerosis is a systemic autoimmune disease characterized by vasculopathy (Raynaud phenomena), pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), and renal crisis), fibrosis of skin and visceral organs (notably the gut, heart, and lungs), and musculoskeletal inflammation (joints, muscles, and tendons) [1]. Inflammation drives atherosclerosis and contributes to cardiovascular (CV) disease [2]. A few studies have examined the incidence of individual macrovascular manifestations such as myocardial infarction, stroke, peripheral artery disease, and venous thromboembolism [3-4-5]. Objectives: Our aim to estimate the incidence and the arterial ischemic events and venous thrombosis rates of SSc in our database. We also investigated underlying the classical risk factors for venous thromboembolism (VTE) unprovoked (deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary emboli not associated with cancer, recent surgery, hospitalization, fracture and pregnancy) and ASCVD (myocardial infarction and stroke). Methods: In a retrospective cohort of SSc patients between 2005 and 2017, arterial ischemic events (myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke), venous thrombosis, risk Factor (Hyperlipidemia, Smoking, Diabetes, hypertension, abdominal obesity), classical risk factors for venous thromboembolism, as well as cardiac, cutaneous and immunological characteristics were assessed. Results: The study population comprised 212 patients (86 % female) with a diagnosis of SSc. We identified a total of 7 (3%) and 26 (12%) patients have respectively an only arterial ischemic events or venous thrombosis, and 6 (3%) additional patients have both arterial and venous thrombosis, with an event during median 10(5-34) and 6 (0-55) years of follow-up. Venous thrombosis (VT) is present in 26 patients (12 %), active or historic neoplasia is present in 4 patients (15%) of VT. In comparison of patient without VT, 20 patients (11%) have a neoplasia. Arterial ischemic events are also most frequent in female sex n=6 (86 %) with all patients (100%) have a limited sclerosis, antinuclear antibodies and Raynaud phenomena, but no difference with the control group without thrombotic events. The prevalence of most cardiovascular disorders was found to be higher in the SSc with limited sclerosis than in diffuse sclerosis. The tobacco use, alcohol is not associated of increase risk of thromboembolic events. The presence of other autoimmune tissue disorders is not significant (p>0.0003) associated of increase rate among patients with SSc with thrombotic events than without. Further adjustment for medications (aspirin, NSAIDs, glucocorticoids, statins, oral anticoagulants, and platelet inhibitors) and comorbidities yielded results similar to the main analyses, except for ischemic stroke. Conclusion: In this monocentric study, SSc was associated with greater risks of venous thrombosis and ischemic events, with a mortality rate in group with arterial ischemic events. There is no significant statistic difference associated of the classical risk factors of venous thromboembolism, comorbidity and the arterial ischemic events and venous thrombosis in systemic sclerosis.
Subacute Presentation of Miliary Pulmonary Tuberculosis: A Rare Diagnosis in the Developed World; INTRODUCTION: Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) is a rare infectious organism in developed countries. Miliary TB is an even rarer manifestation that is fatal when left untreated, and is characterized by lymphohematogenous spread of MTB. It likely accounts for less than 2% of all MTB infections. Miliary TB, let alone MTB infections in totality, is increasingly rare in developed countries in which TB is not considered an endemic organism. CASE: An 82-year-old Caucasian female with a history of chronic kidney disease, iron deficiency, and recurrent DVT of unknown provocation presented with 6 weeks of fatigue, night sweats, and dyspnea. She was hemodynamically stable upon arrival and maintained on room air. Chest x-ray (CXR) revealed diffuse nodular consolidations, which prompted computed tomogram (CT) scan showing innumerable pulmonary nodules with perilymphatic distribution and calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes (Figure 1). She was admitted for workup and pulmonary and infectious disease consultation, with differential diagnosis of disseminated fungal or bacterial infection, sarcoidosis, interstitial lung disease, or rheumatologic disease. She was a retired medical assistant, up-to-date on tuberculosis screening with yearly CXR and tuberculin skin tests, and had no travel history to countries with endemic TB. Rheumatologic workup including ANA, RF, CCP were negative. HIV screening was negative, as were COVID-19 and respiratory viral panel. Serial induced sputums initially were negative for acid-fast bacilli (AFB), so she underwent bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) and transbronchial biopsies (TBBx). BAL sample was negative for AFB culture and smear, as was TTBx histopathology. The remainder of fungal and bacterial antigens (serum/urine) and BAL cultures were negative, including histoplasmosis, coccidioides, aspergillus, and blastomyces. After 3 weeks, initial induced sputums returned positive for AFB; TBBx showed necrotizing granulomatous infection. RIF/NAAT for MTB complex returned positive. She was started on standard quadruple therapy for active tuberculosis. Unfortunately she suffered cardiac arrest after presenting to the emergency department with dyspnea few weeks after initiation of therapy and expired. DISCUSSION: Apart from exposure to endemic regions, predisposing factors for miliary TB include malnutrition, alcoholism, chronic kidney disease, post-gastrectomy status, organ transplantation, immunosuppression, connective tissue disorders, pregnancy, underlying malignancy, and silicosis. Additionally, diabetes mellitus and smoking have emerged as correlates. This case report underscores the importance of maintaining a high index of suspicion for miliary TB even in non-endemic countries, as prompt diagnosis is integral in reducing morbidity and mortality.
Venous Thromboembolism Associated with Assisted Reproductive Technology: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Background Hormonal exposure leads to an increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) but the risk of VTE associated with assisted reproductive technology (ART) is not clearly determined. Methods We searched in PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library databases and identified all relevant articles published up to February 1, 2021. The primary objective was to determine the frequency of VTE associated with ART. Secondary objectives were to determine (1) the risk of VTE associated with ART as compared to pregnancy without ART; (2) the risk of VTE associated with ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS); and (3) to determine potential risk factors of VTE related to ART. Results Fourteen studies were included. The overall frequency of VTE associated with ARTwas 0.23% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.07 0.46).Women undergoing ART had a two- to threefold increased risk of VTE as compared to spontaneous pregnancy (relative risk [RR]: 2.66; 95% CI: 1.60 4.43). The overall frequency of VTE specifically related to OHSS was <0.001%. The risk of VTE after ART complicated by OHSS, as compared to ARTwithout OHSS, was higher but not statistically significant (RR: 14.83; 95% CI: 0.86 255.62). Risk factors of VTE associated with ART were in vitro fertilization procedure (RR, odds ratio [OR], and hazard ratio varying from 1.77, 95% CI: 1.41 2.23 to 4.99, 95% CI: 1.24 20.05), hyperhomocysteinemia (OR: 15.2; 95% CI: 2.0 115.0), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) (RR: 4.8; 95% CI: 1.7 13.4), successful ART leading to pregnancy (OR: 13.94; 95% CI: 1.41 137.45). Conclusion Further large prospective studies on risk factors of VTE in women undergoing ART are needed in order to optimize thromboprophylaxis in this context.
Risk factors for venous thromboembolism after carbon monoxide poisoning: A nationwide population-based study; Introduction: The risk of venous thromboembolism increases after acute carbon monoxide poisoning. However, studies on the characteristics of patients who develop venous thromboembolism after carbon monoxide poisoning are rare. The aim of this study was to identify the risk factors for venous thromboembolism within 3 months after carbon monoxide poisoning. Methods: This is a population-based study that employed nationwide claims data from South Korea. Among the carbon monoxide poisoning patients (⩾18 years), the characteristics of the groups with and without venous thromboembolism (pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis) were identified. All the significant variables in the univariable analysis were included in the multivariable logistic regression to determine the risk factors for venous thromboembolism occurrence. Results: Among the 24,232 carbon monoxide poisoning patients, 130 subjects developed venous thromboembolism within 90 days of their carbon monoxide poisoning diagnosis. The significant risk factors for venous thromboembolism in the multivariable analysis were age (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 1.01; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.003–1.03), intensive care unit admission (aOR = 3.80; 95% CI = 2.34–6.12), length of stay (aOR = 1.02; 95% CI = 1.0001–1.04), congestive heart failure (aOR = 2.17; 95% CI = 1.36–3.42), and cancer (aOR = 1.94; 95% CI = 1.10–3.22). The adjusted odds ratios for intensive care unit admission for patients with pulmonary embolism and deep vein thrombosis were 3.05 (95% CI = 1.61–5.61) and 5.60 (95% CI = 2.89–10.90), respectively. Conclusion: Patients with older age, intensive care unit admission, a longer length of stay, congestive heart failure, or cancer are at greater risk of developing venous thromboembolism after carbon monoxide poisoning. In particular, intensive care unit admission was the strongest risk factor for venous thromboembolism, pulmonary embolism, and deep vein thrombosis. Monitoring and administering prophylactic treatments to prevent venous thromboembolism would be helpful in high-risk in carbon monoxide poisoning patients.
Hyperglycaemic hyperosmolar state and cerebral thrombophlebitis in paediatrics: A case report; Introduction: Hyperglycaemic hyperosmolar state (HHS) is a known complication of type 2 diabetes mellitus; however, carbonated carbohydrate fluid intake may precipitate a more severe presentation of type 1 diabetes mellitus with hyperosmolar state. The management of these patients is not easy and can lead to severe complications such as cerebral venous thrombosis. Methods: We present the case of a 21-month-old boy admitted for consciousness disorders revealing a hyperglycaemic hyperosmolar state on a new-onset type 1 diabetes and who developed cerebral venous thrombosis. Results and Conclusion: Emergency physicians should be aware of HHS in order to start the appropriate treatment as early as possible and to monitor the potential associated acute complications. This case highlights the importance of decreasing very gradually the osmolarity in order to avoid cerebral complications. Cerebral venous thrombosis in HHS paediatric patients is rarely described, and it is important to recognize that not all episodes of acute neurological deterioration in HHS or diabetic ketoacidosis are caused by cerebral oedema.
A Comprehensive Review of Risk Factors for Venous Thromboembolism: From Epidemiology to Pathophysiology; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is the third most common cause of death worldwide. The incidence of VTE varies according to different countries, ranging from 1–2 per 1000 person-years in Western Countries, while it is lower in Eastern Countries (<1 per 1000 person-years). Many risk factors have been identified in patients developing VTE, but the relative contribution of each risk factor to thrombotic risk, as well as pathogenetic mechanisms, have not been fully described. Herewith, we provide a comprehensive review of the most common risk factors for VTE, including male sex, diabetes, obesity, smoking, Factor V Leiden, Prothrombin G20210A Gene Mutation, Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1, oral contraceptives and hormonal replacement, long-haul flight, residual venous thrombosis, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, trauma and fractures, pregnancy, immobilization, antiphospholipid syndrome, surgery and cancer. Regarding the latter, the incidence of VTE seems highest in pancreatic, liver and non-small cells lung cancer (>70 per 1000 person-years) and lowest in breast, melanoma and prostate cancer (<20 per 1000 person-years). In this comprehensive review, we summarized the prevalence of different risk factors for VTE and the potential molecular mechanisms/pathogenetic mediators leading to VTE.
Romiplostim use in pregnant women with immune thrombocytopenia; Treatment for immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in pregnancy is hampered by the lack of fetal safety evidence of maternally-administered medications. The Pregnancy Surveillance Program (PSP) collected patient information from 2017–2020 for pregnancy, birth outcomes, and adverse events (AEs) for 186 women exposed to romiplostim from 20 days before pregnancy to the end of pregnancy. Timing of exposure was available in 128 women. Seventy-one mothers (38%) had prepregnancy exposure to romiplostim; intrapartum exposure was known for the first (for many mothers when they discovered their pregnancy), second, and third trimesters for 74 (40%), 22 (12%), and 44 (24%) mothers, respectively, with 15 mothers exposed during >1 trimester. Among the 86 mothers with known pregnancy outcomes, 46 (53%) had at least one pregnancy-related serious AE (SAE); approximately 2/3 of SAEs were due to underlying ITP. Of 92 mothers with known birth outcomes, 60 (65%) had a normal pregnancy and 16 (17%) had complications, with both categories including term and preterm births; there were 12 (14%) spontaneous miscarriages/stillbirths, 3 (3%) ectopic pregnancies, and 1 (1%) molar pregnancy. Most abnormal births resulted from abnormal pregnancies. There were five neonatal/postnatal AEs of note: inguinal hernia, cytomegalovirus infection, trisomy 8 (third trimester single-dose romiplostim exposure), single umbilical artery without known anomalies, and development of autism at age 2 years. Seven of 12 infants with neonatal thrombocytopenia had resolution of thrombocytopenia before discharge; all 12 were discharged. Review of pregnancies in women exposed to romiplostim did not reveal any specific safety concerns for mothers, fetuses, or infants.
Upper-limb deep vein thrombosis as a warning sign of breast cancer in diabetic patients: Experience of a Moroccan cardio-oncology unit and bibliographic review; Introduction: Breast cancer (BC) is a serious health issue that causes a large amount of morbidity and mortality. Despite the fact that signs and symptoms are properly coded, there may be unusual clinical presentations such as thromboembolic events, which frequently involve the upper limbs, particularly in diabetic individuals. Objective: The goal of this study is to look at the number of diabetic patients with undetected breast cancer who were initially diagnosed with upper extremities deep vein thrombosis and their risk of recurrence. Method: We retrospectively examined a seven years medical records of patients with breast cancer from the registry of the cardio-oncology unit of Casablanca. Thirty-seven patients presented for an initial diagnosis of upper-limb deep vein thrombosis with non-diagnosed breast cancer. No previous positive personal or family history of venous thromboembolism was reported. Questions about acquired risk factors, such as surgery, plaster cast immobilization, injury, unusual exercise and travel for more than 6 hours were excluded from the analysis for a time window of 3 months prior to the diagnosis date. Subjects on oral contraceptives, pregnancy and puerperium were also ruled out. Results: Thirty-seven patients (0 M – 37 F; median age 68 years; age range 46–77) reported at the time painful upper extremities swelling. The venous Doppler ultrasound examination showed thrombosis in the axillary vein (41%), subclavian vein (37.3%), brachial vein (14.9%) and cephalic vein (6.8%). Two cases (7.4%) also had a pulmonary embolism. Twenty-one patients (56.7%) had recurrent deep vein thrombosis over a mean follow-up of 4.6 years. Breast examination revealed signs of malignancy in 10.8% of cases. BC was confirmed clinically and instrumentally and distributed as follows: stage III (40.6%), stage IV (27.3%), stage II (21.6%) and stage I (10.5%). Twenty-nine patients were hormone receptor-positive in this study. Diabetes was linked to an increased risk of upper-limb deep vein thrombosis in underdiagnosed BC (OR 3.17; 95% CI, 1.01–9.80; P = 0.045) and its recurrence (OR 2.17; 95% CI, 0.69–5.31; P = 0.006). Conclusion: Upper-limb deep vein thrombosis is a typical initial presentation of breast cancer in elderly diabetic women, and if recognized promptly, may allow for an early diagnosis of malignancy. This subgroup should also be closely monitored for venous thromboembolism recurrence.
Can Twitter posts serve as early indicators for potential safety signals? A retrospective analysis; BACKGROUND: As Twitter has gained significant popularity, tweets can serve as large pool of readily available data to estimate the adverse events (AEs) of medications. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated whether tweets were an early indicator for potential safety warnings. Additionally, the trend of AEs posted on Twitter was compared with AEs from the Yellow Card system in the United Kingdom. METHODS: English Tweets for 35 drug-event pairs for the period 2017-2019, two years prior to the date of EMA Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC) meeting, were collected. Both signal and non-signal AEs were manually identified and encoded using the MedDRA dictionary. AEs from Yellow Card were also gathered for the same period. Descriptive and inferential statistical analysis was conducted using Fisher's exact test to assess the distribution and proportion of AEs from the two data sources. RESULTS: Of the total 61,661 English tweets, 1,411 had negative or neutral sentiment and mention of at least one AE. Tweets for 15 out of the 35 drugs (42.9%) contained AEs associated with the signals. On pooling data from Twitter and Yellow Card, 24 out of 35 drug-event pairs (68.6%) were identified prior to the respective PRAC meetings. Both data sources showed similar distribution of AEs based on seriousness, however, the distribution based on labelling was divergent. CONCLUSION: Twitter cannot be used in isolation for signal detection in current pharmacovigilance (PV) systems. However, it can be used in combination with traditional PV systems for early signal detection, as it can provide a holistic drug safety profile.
Objective assessment of patients of DVT on the basis of signs, symptoms and risk factors; Objective: To study the association of different risk factors and co-morbid conditions like diabetes, hypertension, stroke, malignancy in the formation of DVT. Methodology: This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted in Department of Medicine, Ayub Teaching Hospital, Abbottabad, Pakistan from December 2019 to April 2020. A sample of 110 patients was collected. Data were analyzed by SPSS 16. Results: Out of 110 participants, 36 were male and 74 females. We found that 31% had right leg and 56% had left leg DVT. 29% of the patients had travel history and 63% were bedridden. Among all, 49% had SOB, 83% had abnormal pulse rate, 33% had abnormal temperature and 5% had pulmonary embolism as a complication of DVT. More than 90% had legs swelling, raised D-dimers and positive Doppler scan. 84% patients recovered after conservative management. Conclusion: DVT is more common in patients with associated risk factors and co-morbid conditions. Among females, its incidence is more in pregnancy and post-partum. Most common site of DVT was left leg.
Assessment of Lower Limb Deep Vein Thrombosis: Characterization and Associated Risk Factors Using Triplex Doppler Imaging; Background: Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is a common health problem. Accurate diagnosis of DVT is essential to avoid potentially fatal acute consequences of pulmonary embolism. Aim: The study aims to assess deep venous thrombosis (DVT) of the lower limbs and to analyze the related risk factors. Methods: This is a retrospective study including 60 patients who were examined using Triplex Doppler imaging. The patients were referred to the imaging departments with symptoms of lower limb DVT. The risk of DVT was expressed as an odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to detect the independent risk factors. P value <0.05 was considered a significant statistic. Results: Among the Saudi patients in Najran, acute DVT was more prevalent than chronic one (56.7% vs 38.3%), while subacute is less frequent (5%). DVTs are more prevalent in females than males (60% vs 40%) and most commonly affect patients older than 40. DVTs affect the left lower limb veins more than the right limb (75% vs 15%) and are less frequent on both sides (10%). The left popliteal vein (PV) and left common femoral vein (CFV) were the most common sites for acute DVTs. Binary logistic analysis revealed the independent risk factors for developing lower extremity DVT; malignancy (OR = 2.84, 95% CI = 0.518–15.513), surgery (OR = 2.66, 95% CI = 0.411–17.281), trauma (OR = 2.30, 95% CI = 0.452–11.658), and diabetes and hypertension (OR = 1.53, 95% CI = 0.335–6.969). Conclusion: Acute lower limb DVT was more prevalent than chronic one. Malignancy, surgery, trauma, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension were the most common risk factors for lower limb DVTs. Left popliteal and left common femoral veins were the most common sites of acute DVTs.
A clinical study of maternal and neonatal outcome in pregnant women with obesity (BMI more than 30) at a tertiary hospital; Background: Obesity is one such pre-existing maternal morbidity that puts a pregnancy at risk. Maternal obesity is a frequent high-risk factor with substantial prenatal, intranasally, and postnatal problems. This study aimed to analyze maternal and fetal outcome in obese pregnant women (BMI more than 30) at our tertiary care teaching hospital. Material and Methods: This study was prospective & observational study, conducted in pregnant women, gestational age > 28 weeks, with BMI > 30, delivering at our labour room. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were analysed. Results: Among 453 pregnant women with BMI > 30kg/m2, majority were from 19-25 years age group (45.1 %), 48.03% were primigravida, 82.33% had > 37 weeks of gestation. In the study group 78.43% were moderately obese, 15.69% were severely obese and only 5.88% were morbidly obese. Most common pre pregnancy medical disorder in obese women were preeclampsia (21.57 %), previous LSCS (20.59 %), severe anaemia (19.54 %), gestational diabetes mellitus (12.75 %), gestational hypertension (9.80 %) & multiple pregnancy (1.96 %). Common intrapartum events were Preterm labor (16.67 %), PPH (6.78 %), Abruptio placenta (4.90 %), Mal presentation Breech (4.90%) & Eclampsia(1.96%).63.71%of obese pregnant women delivered by normal vaginal delivery, 31.37% of obese pregnant women underwent cesaerian section & 4.90% of obese women were requiring instrumental delivery. Common indication for NICU admission were infant of diabetic mother (22.55 %), preterm (14.71 %), meconium aspiration (5.88 %), macrosomia (3.92 %), asphyxia (1.96 %) & transient tachypnia of new born (1.96%). No maternal or neonatal mortality observed in present study. Conclusion: In obese pregnant women with BMI >30kg/m2, higher incidence of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, anaemia, malpresentation, cephalopelvic disproportions and hypothyroidism isnoted.
The efficacy, acceptability and continuation of postpartum, post-abortive progestin-only pill: a pioneering prospective multicentric study from Turkey; Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy, side-effects and continuation rate of the desogestrel-progestin-only-pill (POP) in postpartum and post-abortive Turkish women and its relation with breast-feeding. Material and Methods: In this prospective multicentric study women who delivered (or had surgical abortion) and wanted to receive POP for contraception were recruited to the study. The follow-up visits were scheduled at the third, sixth and ninth months. Results: Overall A total of 7,468 women (66.5% postpartum, 33.5% post-abortive) participated in the study. The number of women who attended follow-up visits in relation to the previous visit at the third, sixth and ninth months was 944/7,468 (12.6%), 406/944 (43%) and 121/406 (29.8%) respectively. The incidence of breastfeeding at all visits was between 54.8% and 68.4%. Out of the 7,468 women recruited only 6% continued with the method at the end of the ninth month. There was a statistically significant increase in hemoglobin level at the third month compared to initial values. Oligomenorrhea, spotting and headache were the three leading side-effects. There was no pregnancy among the patients who were followed up. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that POP was an effective postpartum and post-abortive contraceptive method that had no negative impact on breast-feeding. A change in bleeding patterns was the most common side-effect. However, the possible causes of low contraceptive maintenance rates need to be investigated.
Acute Thromboembolism in Non-ICU Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19 infection: Examining the Impact of Prior COVID Vaccination; Background. Patients hospitalized with severe COVID-19 infections are at risk for acute thromboembolism. There are few data on the impact of vaccines on COVID-associated acute thromboembolism (CA-ATE) in patients hospitalized with COVID-19 infection. Methods. Retrospective cohort of CA-ATE between March 2020 and March 2022 (Torrance Memorial Medical Center, pre-pandemic ATE incidence < 1%). Inclusion criteria were confirmed COVID infection, > 18 years, not admitted to ICU, and standard-dose thromboprophylaxis. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy, partial vaccination, and therapeutic dose anticoagulation. Primary outcome was CA-ATE incidence identified by routine clinical testing. We performed a multiple logistic regression for CA-ATE risk factors. Results. Of 3,218 hospitalized COVID-19 patients, 1,428 patients were included; 185 were vaccinated (13%) and 1,243 unvaccinated (87%). Vaccinated status was associated with older age, diabetes, heart failure, and chronic kidney disease (p< 0.01). CA-ATE was noted in 7.0% (2.2% deep vein thrombosis (DVT), 0.5% pulmonary embolism (PE), 2.7% myocardial infarction (MI), 1.6% Ischemic stroke (IS)) in the vaccinated and 3.9% (2.7% DVT, 1.5% PE, 1.0% MI, 0.8% IS) in the unvaccinated. In our multivariate model, we found no significant difference in incident CA-ATE between vaccinated and unvaccinated (7.0% vs 3.9%, adj OR=1.35, [95% CI 0.67-2.58], p=0.38). CA-ATE was associated with older age (68 vs 61 years, OR=1.03, [95% CI 1.01-1.05], p=0.01) and heart failure (24% vs 7%, OR=2.84, [95% CI 1.35-6.00], p=0.006). No significant difference was seen in mortality (3.8% vs 4.8%, OR=0.79, [95% CI 0.35-1.69], p=0.56), CRP AUC24hr (5.7 vs 4.7, p=0.18), or D-dimer AUC24hr (596 vs 653, p=0.77) between vaccinated and unvaccinated patients. Conclusion. Adult, non-ICU, hospitalized, COVID-19 patients are at high risk for ATE. We found no association between vaccination status and ATE, but older age and congestive heart failure were predictive in this population. Decisions to anticoagulate non-ICU patients hospitalized with acute COVID-19 infections may not need to consider COVID vaccination status in as part of medical decision making, but may instead need to focus on underlying, high-risk, co-morbidities.
Risk factors and mortality of pulmonary embolism in COVID-19 patients: Evidence based on fifty observational studies; Background: At present, many studies have described acute pulmonary embolism (PE) as a frequent and prognostically relevant complication of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection. Thus we performed the present analysis of 50 studies to evaluate the risk factors and mortality of PE in COVID-19 patients. Method: Databases including PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library and Web of Science were searched to October, 2021. Odds ratio (OR), mean difference (MD) or standard MD was used to evaluate the outcomes. The primary outcomes were the difference of mortality between PE and non-PE COVID-19 patients as well as relevant risk factors of PE in COVID-19 patients. All statistical analyses were performed using the standard statistical procedures provided in Review Manager 5.2. Result: A total of 50 studies including 10053 patients were included in this meta-analysis. Our results indicated that COVID-19 patients with PE experienced significantly higher mortality than non-PE patients (21.9% vs. 10.7%), with a pooled OR of 2.21 (95% CI 1.30 - 3.76; P =.003). In addition, COVID-19 patients with PE also experienced more mechanical ventilation (MV) (OR 2.21; 95% CI 1.30 - 3.75; P =.003) and invasive mechanical ventilation (IMV) (OR 3.58; 95% CI 2.47 - 5.20; P <.0001) respectively. Univariate analysis (UVA) results indicated the Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) score, time to deep venous thrombosis (DVT), nonintensive care unit (non-ICU) patients and no anticoagulation as risk factors of PE for COVID-19 patients. In addition, multivariate analysis also found that SOFA score, D-dimer, BMI > 30 kg/m2and history of PE were risk factors of PE for COVID-19 patients. Conclusion: The present analysis indicated that PE increased the mortality of COVID-19 patients. Mechanical ventilation, especially invasive mechanical ventilation, is correlated with an increased incidence of PE in patients with COVID-19. The incidence of PE for COVID-19 patients may be multifactorial and further researches focused on risk factors were needed in the future.
Morbidly obese pregnant woman with congenital leptin deficiency: Follow-up and obstetric outcome; Congenital leptin deficiency is a rare congenital genetic disease. It is characterized by early-onset, severe morbid obesity. The disease occurs due to mutations in the LEP gene. Obesity is a severe consequence of the disease. It also causes reproductive and obstetric complications. In this study, we present a 26-year-old pregnant case who had been previously diagnosed with congenital leptin deficiency. The pregnancy made it more difficult to regulate the metabolic changes caused by the disease. Problems were held by a multidisciplinary approach, with the contribution of endocrinology and cardiology departments. The patient gave birth to a healthy girl at the 37th week of gestation. Spontaneous pregnancy resulting in a live birth is very uncommon in women with congenital leptin deficiency. The follow-up and treatment approaches during pregnancy and the obstetric outcome are presented with the literature.
Drug-related Problems in Solid-Organ Transplant Recipients Hospitalized for COVID-19: An Experience of a Referral Tertiary Center in Iran; Background: Transplanted patients receiving immunosuppressive agents are at a higher risk of Coronavirus-disease-2019 (COVID-19), and their polypharmacy state makes the choice of treatment challenging. This study aimed to assess the drug-related problems (DRP) and clinical pharmacists’ interventions to manage transplanted patients and candidates for transplantation with COVID-19. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in the COVID-19 intensive care unit of Shiraz Organ Transplantation Center (Iran), from March 2020 to April 2021. Patients were admitted to the COVID-19 intensive care unit based on clinical symptoms or positive polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests. The clinical pharmacist reviewed all medications and physicians’ orders on a daily basis and evaluated DRPs in accordance with the pharmaceutical care network of Europe (PCNE) classification (V 8.01). The treatment team was informed of the DRPs, and the acceptance or rejection of the intervention was also documented. Data were analyzed using SPSS (Version 25.0). In order to determine the proportion and determinants of drug-related problems, descriptive statistics and logistic regression were applied, respectively. Results: A clinical pharmacist reviewed 631 individuals with 11770 medication orders, and 639 DRPs were found in 69% of them with an average of 1.01±1 per patient. The most commonly reported DRPs were treatment efficacy issues followed by adverse drug reactions (ADRs). A total of 982 interventions were provided at prescriber, patient, and drug levels, of which 801 were accepted, and 659 (82.27%) were fully implemented. Conclusion: There have been considerable drug-related issues in managing transplanted patients with COVID-19. DRPs are more common in people with polypharmacy, more than three comorbidities, and hydroxychloroquine regimens.
Analysis of characteristics of the location of lower extremity deep vein thrombosis and the site of pulmonary embolism in hospitalized patients; Objective To investigate the characteristics and relationship between the location of lower extremity deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and the site of pulmonary embolism in hospitalized patients. Methods The data of patients with lower extremity DVT diagnosed by ultrasound examination and pulmonary embolism diagnosed by CT pulmonary angiography from December 2017 to December 2021 were analyzed retrospectively. According to the location of lower extremity DVT, the patients were divided into mixed DVT, proximal DVT, and distal DVT which was further divided into anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis and calf muscular venous thrombosis. Mixed DVT was referred to the presence of both proximal and distal DVT. According to the involved site of pulmonary artery, pulmonary embolism was divided into three types: main pulmonary artery, left or right pulmonary artery trunk embolism, lobar pulmonary artery embolism and segmental pulmonary artery embolism. The location of lower extremity DVT, the site of pulmonary embolism, the clinical manifestation (shortness of breath, chest tightness, chest pain, hemoptysis, cough, lower limb swelling, lower limb pain, syncope, fever) and risk factors (fracture/trauma, tumor, diabetes, hypertension, atrial fibrillation, infection, surgery, autoimmune diseases, paralysis, pregnancy) of venous thromboembolism (VTE), and the level of D-dimer were analyzed. Results A total of 209 patients were enrolled finally, including 127 patients with left lower extremity DVT (60.8%) and 82 with right lower extremity DVT (39.2%). Mixed DVT accounted for 39.2%, proximal DVT accounted for 17.3%, and distal DVT accounted for 43.5% (anterior/posterior tibial vein and peroneal vein thrombosis accounted for 14.8%, calf muscular venous thrombosis accounted for 28.7%). The incidences of main pulmonary artery embolism, left or right pulmonary artery trunk embolism in the mixed DVT and proximal DVT were significantly higher than those in the anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis and calf muscular venous thrombosis [41.5% (34/82), 38.8% (14/36) vs. 16.2% (5/31), 10.0% (6/60)], with statistically significant differences (all P < 0.05). The incidences of pulmonary segmental artery embolism in the anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis were higher than those in the mixed DVT and proximal DVT [41.9% (13/31) vs. 26.8% (22/82), 30.6% (11/36)], but the difference was not statistically significant (both P > 0.05). The incidences of pulmonary segmental artery embolism in the calf muscular venous thrombosis were significantly higher than those in the mixed DVT and the proximal DVT [66.7% (40/60) vs. 26.8% (22/82), 30.6% (11/36)], and the difference was statistically significant (both P < 0.05). The levels of D-dimer in patients with calf muscular venous thrombosis combined with main pulmonary artery embolism, left or right pulmonary artery trunk embolism were significantly higher than those in patients with calf muscular venous thrombosis combined pulmonary segmental artery embolism (mg/L: 6.08±3.12 vs. 3.66±2.66, P < 0.05). There were no significant differences in D-dimer levels in other patients with DVT combined with pulmonary embolism in different sites. In terms of the clinical manifestations of VTE, the incidences of lower limb swelling in the mixed DVT and proximal DVT were significantly higher than those in the anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis and calf muscular venous thrombosis [54.9% (45/82), vs. 29.0% (9/31), 15.0% (9/60), both P < 0.05], the incidences of lower limb swelling in the proximal DVT were significantly higher than those in the calf muscular venous thrombosis [41.7% (15/63) vs. 15.0% (9/60), P < 0.05], there were no significant difference in the other clinical manifestations among the DVT groups. There was no significant difference in the incidence of VTE risk factors among the groups. Conclusions The DVT of inpatients mostly occurred in the left lower limb, and the incidence of distal DVT was higher than that of proximal DVT. Mixed DVT and proximal DVT combined with pulmonary embolism mostly occurred in the main pulmonary artery, left or right pulmonary artery trunk, while distal DVT combined with pulmonary embolism mostly occurred in the pulmonary segmental artery. The levels of D-dimer in patients with lower extremity DVT combined with main pulmonary artery or left and right pulmonary artery trunk embolism were higher than those in patients with pulmonary lobe and segmental artery embolism. The incidence of lower extremity swelling in patients with mixed DVT and proximal DVT was higher than that in patients with distal DVT.
Diagnosis and Management of High-Risk Pulmonary Embolism in a Term Neonate; Case Presentation: A 5 day old, term infant born to a 39-year-old G1P0 with a history of dietcontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus presented with hypernatremic dehydration in the setting of poor feeding. On hospital day 2, the infant suffered a bradycardic cardiac arrest requiring 2 minutes of CPR prior to return of spontaneous circulation. An echocardiogram (Figure 1A) revealed moderately depressed right ventricular (RV) function, elevated RV pressure and a large mobile mass extending from the main pulmonary artery (PA) into the left PA with obstruction of flow. Ddimer was markedly elevated at 2740 ng/mL. A subsequent CT angiogram revealed acute pulmonary emboli in the distal left and right branch PAs (Figure 1B). Additional imaging was obtained and showed dural venous sinus, left portal vein and right cephalic vein thromboses. The infant was managed with a heparin infusion and supportive therapy for the RV dysfunction and pulmonary hypertension including mechanical ventilation, inhaled nitric oxide as well as epinephrine and milrinone infusions. Over the course of two weeks, the infant improved clinically with normalization of RV function. Discussion: Neonatal pulmonary arterial thrombosis is an exceedingly rare phenomenon. The majority of cases described in the literature are associated with either an inherited thrombophilia or with underlying congenital heart disease, which were not found to be present in this case. However, this patient presented with severe dehydration and a history of maternal diabetes, both of which are risk factors for neonatal thrombosis. Fortunately, this patient responded to treatment with anticoagulation alone and did not require more invasive therapies, such as surgical thrombectomy or systemic and catheter-directed thrombolysis. Although rare, neonatal pulmonary arterial thrombosis can occur and delays in recognition and treatment may lead to significant RV dysfunction, morbidity, and even death.
Predictors of pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism: A case-control study; Background: Venous thromboembolism (VTE), manifesting as pulmonary embolism (PE) or deep vein thrombosis (DVT), is the most common cause of morbidity and death during pregnancy and the postpartum period. We conducted this study to describe the predictors of pregnancy-associated VTE (DVT and PE). Methods: A case-control study was conducted at a tertiary care center in Riyadh. A total of 380 patients were included in this study, 180 of whom were diagnosed with pregnancy-associated thrombosis and 200 of them showed no VTE. Demographic data and data on risk factors of VTE were collected by reviewing the medical charts and the risk assessment tool of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, respectively. The main outcome measures were VTE, manifesting as PE or DVT. Results: The following factors were identified as the predictors of VTE through multivariate analysis: family history [Odds ratio (OR) = 50.47, 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 6.78–375.64, P < 0.0001)], thrombophilia (OR = 21.99, 95% CI: 2.83–170.63, P = 0.003), and presence of gross varicose veins (OR = 17.15, 95% CI: 3.93–74.87, P < 0.0001). Conclusions: The findings of this study showed that family history, thrombophilia, and the presence of gross varicose veins were risk factors for VTE, exceeding other transient risk factors. Hence, prophylaxis is highly recommended for those women who present with any of these factors.
Clinical Profile, Risk Factors, and Outcome of Cerebral Venous Sinus Thrombosis at Tertiary Care Centre; Introduction: Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) is characterized by clinical pleomorphism and pathogenic variability. Multifactorial causation of CVST and conflicting results in established literature pertaining to mortality and risk factors inspired us to study the clinical profile, risk factors, and outcome of CVST and to compare clinical profile with magnetic resonance venogram findings. Materials and Methods: This prospective, observational, 18-month study was conducted on 64 patients of either gender, aged ≥15 years with confirmed diagnosis of CVST using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of brain with venogram. All patients underwent thorough vital and laboratory examination (blood and thrombophilia profile and homocysteine), and data was analyzed by analysis of variance using software R version 3.6.0. Results: Out of 64 patients, 42 (65.6%) were males. Majority (40) were in the age group of 18-40 years (62.5%). Headache (73.4%), vomiting (57.8%), and dehydration (34.4%) were the commonly encountered symptoms. Puerperium (18.2% females), oral contraceptive usage (18.2% females), anemia (39.1%), anti-thrombin III deficiency (16.7%), protein C deficiency (16.7%), protein S deficiency (16.7%), factor V Leiden mutation (25%), and 1 hyperhomocysteinemia (30.8%) were the common risk factors observed. Twenty-one patients (32.8%) had only superior sagittal venous sinus (SSS) involvement, 3 (4.7%) had both SSS and transverse venous sinus (TS) involvement, 21 (32.8%) had either TS alone or both TS and sigmoid venous sinus involvement (SS), and 19 (29.7%) had multiple sinus involvement (>2). There was a statistically significant difference in mean hemoglobin and total leukocyte count levels between various sites of sinuses involved (P=0.011 and P=0.003, respectively). Majority of the patients recovered (98.4%), and one patient died (1.6%). Conclusions: CVST was more common in the third and fourth decades of life, predominantly in males with puerperium, oral contraceptive usage, anemia, and hyperhomocysteinemia being the major predisposing factors.
Approach to Thromboprophylaxis for Prevention of Venous Thromboembolism in COVID-19: Global Updates and Clinical Insights from India; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) frequently occurs in patients with coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) and is associated with increased mortality. Several global guidelines recommended prophylactic-intensity anticoagulation rather than intermediate-intensity or therapeutic-intensity anticoagulation for patients with COVID-19-related acute or critical illness without suspected or confirmed VTE. Even though standard doses of thromboprophylaxis are received, many cases of thrombotic complications are reported; hence, appropriate and adequate thromboprophylaxis is critical for the prevention of VTE in COVID-19. In spite of an increased prevalence of VTE in Indian patients, sufficient data on patient characteristics, diagnosis, and therapeutic approach for VTE in COVID is lacking. In this article, we review the available global literature (search conducted up to 31 May 2021) and provide clinical insights into our approach towards managing VTE in patients with COVID-19. Furthermore, in this review, we summarize the incidence and risk factors for VTE with emphasis on the thromboprophylaxis approach in hospitalized patients and special populations with COVID-19 and assess clinical implications in the Indian context.
Prognostic factors in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura; Objectives: Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is a rare thrombotic microangiopathy with no standardized prognostic model to predict mortality. The aim of the study is to determine parameters associated with TTP-related mortality. Methods: In this cross-sectional, retrospective study, 77 TTP patients, treated with therapeutic plasma exchange between 2001 and 2019 in Ankara University Faculty of Medicine were included. Results: There was no significant relationship between ADAMTS13 inhibitor levels, activity and mortality. Median number of plasmapheresis was 10 (2–32), higher in patients with complete response. Anemia, kidney injury and LDH levels were associated with survival; there was no significant relationship between platelet counts at the time of diagnosis and mortality. Mortality was lower in patients with platelet counts above 100 × 109/L and normalized LDH after treatment. Hemoglobin, albumin, LDH and creatinine levels at the time platelet counts exceeded 50 × 109/L were associated with survival. Conclusions: We determined several clinical and laboratory parameters associated with mortality. Fewer numbers of plasmapheresis was associated with mortality; thus other treatments as rituximab and caplacizumab should be considered early in non-responders. Including changes in laboratory parameters may be considered in prognostic scoring systems to be developed in the future.
Management of superficial venous thrombosis based on individual risk profiles: Protocol for the development and validation of three prognostic prediction models in large primary care cohorts; Background: Superficial venous thrombosis (SVT) is considered a benign thrombotic condition in most patients. However, it can also cause serious complications such as clot progression to deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). Although most SVT patients are encountered in primary healthcare, studies on SVT nearly all were focused on patients seen in the hospital setting. Aims: To describe the protocol for the development and external validation of three prognostic prediction models for relevant clinical outcomes in SVT patients seen in primary care: (i) prolonged (painful) symptoms within 14 days since SVT diagnosis, (ii) for clot progression to DVT or PE within 45 days, and (iii) for clot recurrence within 12 months. Methods: Data will be used from four primary care routine healthcare registries from both the Netherlands and the UK; one will be used for the development of the prediction models and the remaining three will be used as external validation cohorts. The study population will consist of patients ≥18 years with a diagnosis of SVT. Selection of SVT cases will be based on a combination of ICPC/ READ/Snowmed coding and free text clinical symptoms. Results: Predictors considered are sex, age, BMI, clinical SVT characteristics, and co-morbidities including: (history of any) cardiovascular disease, diabetes, autoimmune disease, malignancy, thrombophilia, pregnancy and presence of varicose veins. The prediction models will be developed using multivariable logistic regression analysis techniques for model i and ii and for model iii a Cox proportional hazards model will be used. They will be validated by internal-external cross-validation as well as external validation. Conclusion(s): There are currently no prediction models available for predicting the risk of serious complications for SVT patients presenting in primary care settings. The described prediction models should help identify patients at highest risk for complications and support clinical decision-making for this understudied disorder. (Table Presented).
Prognosis of COVID-19 in the middle eastern population, knowns and unknowns; Since its emergence in China in 2019, the SARS-CoV-2 virus has affected all countries worldwide. The virus is easily transmitted from one person to another via infected aerosols or contaminated surfaces. Unlike its counterparts, the prognosis of COVID-19 ranges from asymptomatic to critical disease or death. Several factors play a role in determining the severity of the disease in infected patients. Among others, is the pre-existence of an underlying medical condition such as diabetes, cancer, and others. Furthermore, although children are less prone to the severe form of the COVID-19 disease, they require attention due to the report of many atypical presentations of the infection, post-asymptomatic exposure. In the Middle East, little is known about the prognosis of the SARS-CoV-2 infection in high-risk categories, notably patients with diabetes, cancer, and pregnant women. The aim of this review is to summarize the current knowledge about this group of population in the middle eastern region as well as to highlight the gap in the literature. We have found that the majority of the papers were from the Gulf countries. Although, few studies were conducted; high-risk patients appear to have an increased risk of morbidity and mortality from COVID-19 compared to their counterparts. Higher levels of inflammatory markers, C-reactive protein, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, D-dimer, and ferritin levels were also observed. Children are often asymptomatic or present with atypical presentations. More studies should be conducted to determine the clinical biomarkers of COVID-19 in high-risk categories to help in patient risk stratification and management in the middle eastern population.
Delivery, maternal and neonatal outcomes in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes undergoing epidural labour analgesia: a propensity score-matched analysis; Objective This study aimed to retrospectively analyse the influence of epidural labour analgesia (ELA) on delivery and maternal and neonatal outcomes in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using propensity score-matched analysis. Design Retrospective cohort analysis. Setting Primary care practices in a teaching hospital from March 2018 to October 2021. Participants A total of 816 delivery records of nulliparous women with GDM were collected and retrospectively analysed. Interventions ELA and non-ELA (NELA) cohorts were assessed. Main outcome measure The primary outcome assessed was delivery type (spontaneous, assisted vaginal or caesarean). The secondary outcomes assessed included labour duration and maternal and neonatal outcomes. Results A total of 137 propensity score-matched pairs of ELA and NELA patients were analysed. ELA was associated with a decreased rate of caesarean section (18.3% vs 46.0% in the ELA vs NELA cohort, respectively; p<0.05) and an increased occurrence of assisted vaginal delivery (35.8% vs 12.4% in the ELA vs NELA cohort, respectively; p<0.05). The duration of the first and total stages of labour was prolonged, the occurrence of postpartum fever increased, and the duration of hospital stay was shortened in those receiving ELA (all p<0.05). Additionally, neonatal birth weight, plasma glucose levels and neonatal macrosomia occurrence increased, while neonatal intensive care unit admissions and neonatal hypoglycaemia decreased in the ELA versus the NELA group (all p<0.05). With respect to other maternal and neonatal outcomes, both cohorts were similar. Conclusions The use of ELA decreases the rate of caesarean section and improves maternal and neonatal outcomes in nulliparous women with GDM. Trial registration number ChiCTR-2000033091.
Clinical epidemiology of venous thromboembolic disease: An institutional registry; Introduction: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a major health concern, with an annual incidence of ~1 in 1,000. The epidemiology of VTE in Saudi Arabia has not been adequately described yet. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the clinical characteristics, risk factors, diagnostic methods, management, and clinical outcomes of patients with VTE. Methods: This study was based on a VTE registry created over ten years at King Fahad Medical City (KFMC) in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. All adult inpatients and outpatients referred to the thrombosis unit of the KFMC with clinically suspected VTE including pulmonary embolism (PE) and deep vein thrombosis (DVT) were enrolled. Data were collected using a standardized case report form, which included demographic and clinical characteristics, risk factors, diagnostic methods, management, and outcomes. Results: A total of 1,008 patients were recruited. Most patients were women (73.2%), and more than half of all patients had unprovoked VTE (58%). Among the provoked cases, the most frequent cause was surgery (29.8%), followed by hospitalization (24.2%). There was a significant statistical association between provoked status and sex, family history of VTE, smoking, recent hospitalization within 3 months for a medical condition, the site of VTE, and underlying peripheral vascular disease and varicose veins (all p < 0.05). The majority (88.3%) of patients with deep vein thrombosis was hospitalized for ≤3 days (n = 433, 79.9%), while fewer than half of the patients with PE needed hospitalization (45.3%). Thrombolytic therapy was administered to 14.1% (n = 142) of patients, and catheter-directed thrombolysis was performed in 1.0% (n = 10) of patients. The odds of mortality for provoked VTE were 3.20 times higher than those of unprovoked VTE [2.12–4.83; p-value < 0.001]. Conclusion: Unprovoked VTE was more common than provoked VTE in the Saudi Arabian cohort, implying hereditary predisposition. Furthermore, male sex, family history of VTE, prior history of VTE, type of VTE, underlying obesity, history of trauma, surgery, hospitalization, pregnancy, and 3–6 months of anticoagulation therapy were the most critical risk factors for VTE recurrence. The treatment patterns and clinical results were comparable to those reported in the literature.
Relationship Between Gender Differences and Clinical Outcome in Patients With the Antiphospholipid Syndrome; Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), characterized by artherial and/or venous thrombosis, pregnancy morbidity and “antiphospholipid” antibodies (aPLs), is more common in women than in men, with a female to male ratio of about 3.5:1. Only few studies have investigated the clinical differences between male and female patients with APS. Therefore, this study was aimed to analyze the differences of clinical manifestations and laboratory tests, at diagnosis, between female and male APS patients and the clinical outcome. We enrolled 191 consecutive APS patients (125 with primary APS, PAPS, and 66 with secondary APS, SAPS) with a female predominant ratio of approximately 3:1 (142 vs 49). The prevalence of PAPS was higher in males than females (p<0.001). The analysis of aPL profile revealed that high IgM anti-cardiolipin (aCL) and high-medium IgG aCL titers were more frequent in males. In thrombotic APS peripheral arterial thrombosis was more common in male than female patients (p=0.049), as well as myocardial infarction (p=0.031). Multivariate analysis to correct for cardiovascular risk factors, high titer of aPLs and triple positivity for aPLs, revealed that the odds ratio for myocardial infarction in male was 3.77. Thus, APS may be considered as a disease in which serological (IgM titer) and clinical profiles are influenced by gender.
Racial differences in venous thromboembolism: A surveillance program in Durham County, North Carolina; Background: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) affects approximately 1–2 individuals per 1000 annually and is associated with an increased risk for pulmonary hypertension, postthrombotic syndrome, and recurrent VTE. Objective: To determine risk factors, incidence, treatments, and outcomes of VTE through a 2-year surveillance program initiated in Durham County, North Carolina (population approximately 280,000 at time of study). Patients/Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of data actively collected from three hospitals in Durham County during the surveillance period. Results: A total of 987 patients were diagnosed with VTE, for an annual rate of 1.76 per 1000 individuals. Hospital-associated VTE occurred in 167 hospitalized patients (16.9%) and 271 outpatients who were hospitalized within 90 days of diagnosis (27.5%). Annual incidence was 1.98 per 1000 Black individuals compared to 1.25 per 1000 White individuals (p < 0.0001), and Black individuals with VTE were younger than White individuals (p < 0.0001). Common risk factors included active cancer, prolonged immobility, and obesity, and approximately half were still taking anticoagulant therapy 1 year later. A total of 224 patients died by 1 year (28.5% of patients for whom outcomes could be confirmed), and Black patients were more likely to have recurrent VTE than White patients during the first 6 months following initial presentation (9.4% vs. 4.1%, p = 0.01). Conclusions: Ongoing surveillance provides an effective strategy to identify patients with VTE and monitor treatment and outcomes. We demonstrated that hospital-associated VTE continues to be a major contributor to the burden of VTE and confirmed the higher incidence of VTE in Black compared to White individuals.
Development and validation of a clinical prediction model for post thrombotic syndrome following anticoagulant therapy for acute deep venous thrombosis; Objectives: To identify independent prediction factors for post thrombotic syndrome (PTS) following acute deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and develop a clinical prediction model assessing the risk of PTS in individual patient. Methods: We prospectively recruited consecutive adult patients with acute DVT who were managed at Shanxi Bethune Hospital, China between June 2014 and December 2016. Investigator assessed PTS using the Villalta scale at 1, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months following diagnosis of DVT. Variable selection was performed by applying the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) with 10-fold cross-validation. Based on these data, we established a clinical prediction model for the development of PTS following DVT. The Bootstrap method was used for internal validation. During the process of model development, we re-collected the information of DVT patients from 2016 to 2017 for a temporal validation. The performance of the prediction model included discrimination and calibration, and clinical utility of prediction model was also evaluated using a decision curve analysis. Results: A total of 808 consecutive patients with acute DVT were enrolled in the training and validation datasets, of which 540 patients were included in the training dataset for the development of prediction model and the other 268 patients were in the other dataset for temporal validation. Seventy-six patients in training dataset developed PTS. The prediction factors associated with PTS were ilio-femoral DVT (OR = 4.835, 95% CI: 2.471–9.463), active cancer (OR = 3.006, 95% CI: 1.404–6.435), history of chronic venous insufficiency (OR = 7.464, 95% CI: 3.568–15.616), previous venous thromboembolism (OR = 6.326, 95% CI: 2.872–13.932), and chronic kidney disease (OR = 9.916, 95% CI: 2.238–43.937), duration of compression therapy <6 months (OR = 2.894, 95% CI: 1.595–5.251). The c index of the prediction model was 0.825 (0.774–0.877), and the c index of internal validation and temporal verification were 0.816 and 0.773 (95% CI: 0.699–0.848), indicated that the prediction model had a good discrimination in predicting PTS risk following DVT. All the calibration curve showed the model had a good calibration. The decision curve analysis showed a better net benefit of prediction model predicting PTS risk within threshold probability ranged from 0% to 72% and 86% to 98% in training dataset, and 0% to 58% in the validation datasets. Conclusion: Our prediction model can accurately estimate the likelihood of PTS risk and identify high-risk patients who may develop PTS following DVT based on individual characteristics, but further external validation is still required.
Study of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy and puerperium in obese women; Background: A recent increase in the prevalence of overweight and obese women of reproductive age in India has been noted. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre‐eclampsia, miscarriage, venous thromboembolism, infection, and hemorrhage in the mother. The present study was aimed to explore various maternal and fetal outcomes, influenced by maternal obesity. Material and Methods: Present study was hospital based, prospective, observational study conducted in pregnant women, gestational age more than 32 weeks, singleton pregnancy, with BMI more than 30, delivered at our institute, willing to participate in present study. Results: During study period 107 pregnant women were considered for present study. Majority of women were from 26-30 years age (40.19 %), were primigravida (44.86 %), delivered at 37-40 weeks of gestation (40.19 %), 85.05 % had BMI 30-34.9 kg/m2(moderately obese). In present study vaginal delivery was most common mode of delivery (52.34 %) followed by LSCS (40.19 %) & instrumental delivery (7.48%). Most common birth weight group was 2.5-3.99 kg (40.19 %), followed by 1.5-2.49 kg (34.58 %) group. Neonatal outcome noted was still birth (1.87 %), neonatal death (6.54 %) & rest of neonates were discharged with mother. 63.55 % babies required NICU admission. During postpartum period, complications such as wound infection (19.63 %), fever (14.02 %), wound dehiscence (6.54 %) & DVT (0.93 %) were noted. No maternal mortality was noted in present study. Conclusion: Maternal obesity is associated with development of gestational diabetes mellites, preeclampsia, need for labour induction, increased caesarean delivery as well as NICU admissions and increased incidence of postpartum infections.
A scientific review commissioned by the European board and college of obstetrics and gynaecology (EBCOG); Air travel and long distance travel may have adverse effect on the pregnancy-induced physiology and these effects are more marked among those with pre-existing medical conditions. There are significantly increased risks of deep venous thrombosis, inflight transmission of infections, preterm labour, and other significant obstetric and medical complications that may be exacerbated by the flight and may require emergency care. Transient changes in cardiotocographic tracings during third trimester of pregnancy have been reported following air travel. It has been suggested that pregnant members of the flight crew may be at a slightly higher risk of spontaneous miscarriages. There are no contra-indications for healthy pregnant women on air travel. Those with underlying medical conditions should only embark on long distance travel following consultation with their obstetrician. Pregnant women should be advised to familiarise themselves with the healthcare system in the country/region they will be visiting and draw up an emergency plan of how they will contact the healthcare system at their destination.
Gender differences in primary antiphospholipid syndrome with vascular manifestations in 433 patients from four European centres; Objective. Gender can influence incidence and clinical course of autoimmune diseases (ADs). Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is a rare AD characterised by thromboses and/or pregnancy morbidities and antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) positivity. Our aim is to conduct a gender-oriented analysis of primary thrombotic APS (t-APS). Methods. Consecutive patients diagnosed with primary t-APS, followed from 1967 to 2019 in four European Centres, were enrolled. Results. The cohort included 296 women and 137 men. Median age at onset [31 (24-46) vs. 41 (29-53) years, p<0.001] was lower in females. In women, venous thromboses were more frequent while, among males, arterial events prevailed. During follow-up, 14% of patients suffered at least two relapses and this occurred especially among males (22% vs. 10%, p=0.001). No gender differences were found in the aPL profile (33% single, 24% double and 43% triple aPL positivity). Most patients had concomitant risk factors (RFs) for thrombosis: established cardiovascular RFs were represented especially among men while estrogenic exposure was the main RF in women. Conclusion. Women presented mostly with venous thromboses at a younger age, while men with arterial events, later in life and suffered more recurrent events. This different frequency of arterial and venous thromboses could be attributed mainly to the presence of additional RFs rather than to biological gender-specific issues. However, some RFs are exclusive or more represented in one gender rather than the other, so assessing the link of causality between gender and manifestations of t-APS remains difficult.
From Inferior Vena Cava to Right Atrium: A Rare Case of a Unique Large Burden Thrombus in a Patient with Antiphospholipid Syndrome; Introduction: Antiphospholipid Syndrome is a condition where self-antibodies are directed against phospholipid binding proteins resulting in thrombosis and/or pregnancy loss. Diagnosis is made via history, physical, positive anticardiolipin and anti-beta-2-glycoprotein antibodies. We describe a case of a large thrombus in a previously diagnosed patient with antiphospholipid syndrome and discuss the need for prophylaxis in these patients. Case Report: 34-year-old G7P1161 Hispanic female with past medical history of uncontrolled diabetes mellitus type 2 presents with an acute onset of sharp abdominal pain radiating to the back associated with nausea, non-bloody non-bilious emesis and dysuria. Vital signs on admission are significant for tachycardia and hypertension. Labs are noteworthy for elevated Creatinine at 1.7 mg/dl, thrombocytopenia, transaminitis, elevated Ddimer at 14272 ng/ml. Urine analysis is positive for nitrites, trace leukocytes and bacteria. Her serum pregnancy test and COVID PCR are negative. CT Abdomen/Pelvis with contrast revealed an extensive thrombus in the Inferior Vena Cava (IVC) to the Right Atrium (RA), also extending into the hepatic veins and upper lumbar veins. Moderate perinephric fat stranding is also noted around bilateral kidneys. Ultrasound of the abdomen reveals cholelithiasis without evidence of acute cholecystitis. Venous Doppler of lower extremities reveals patent deep veins. Patient was started on heparin drip immediately and intravenous Cefepime. Interventional Radiology performed mechanical thrombectomy. Hematology was consulted and converted patient to Warfarin with an INR goal of 2.5-3. Patient was discharged and instructed to follow up with hematology. Discussion: There are few case reports of extensive thrombi ranging from IVC to RA with most cases occurring in elderly population. We present a unique case of an extensive thrombus ranging not only from the IVC to RA but also extending into the hepatic veins and the upper lumbar veins. The patient described has a history of multiple spontaneous abortions with her only successful preterm birth required daily therapeutic Lovenox during pregnancy. Her recurrent pregnancy loss and current large burden thrombus can be attributed to her antiphospholipid syndrome. This begs the question whether these patients should be started on prophylaxis anticoagulation. There have been limited studies with aspirin and warfarin which at times demonstrated positive results. Our patient had her thrombus identified incidentally due to an admission for pyelonephritis. If her thrombus was not recognized in time, outcomes could have been devastating. In conclusion, there should be further studies to determine the efficacy of anticoagulation prophylaxis in patients with positive antiphospholipid antibodies. (Figure Presented).
Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Thromboembolism in Pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is associated with vascular disease. The risk for thromboembolism in pregnancy is uncertain. We hypothesize that T1DM is associated with higher rates of thrombotic events in pregnancy. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study utilizing the National Inpatient Sample database from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project for all of 2018. Pregnant patients with a history of T1DM were compared to those without. The primary outcome was diagnosis of any thrombotic disease (pulmonary embolism [PE], deep vein thrombosis [DVT], cerebral vascular thrombosis [CVT], or other thromboses). Secondary outcomes included diagnosis of each individual type of thrombo-embolic event. Groups were compared via Student's test, Chi-square, and logistic regression analyses, controlling for confounders including age, race, obesity, tobacco use, chronic hypertension, asthma, anemia, and cesarean section. RESULTS: A total of 754,721 subjects met criteria. Patients with T1DM encompassed 0.4% of subjects (N=3,307). T1DM subjects were more likely to be younger, non-Hispanic White, obese, tobacco users, chronic hypertensive, and asthmatic and have a history of cesarean delivery (P<.05 for all). They were less likely to be privately insured or in the top income quartile. Thromboembolic events occurred more frequently in those with T1DM (0.5% vs. 0.2%, P<.001). DVT was the most common event (0.3%). After controlling for confounders, T1DM remained associated with any thromboembolic event in pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 3.39, 95% CI 1.81-6.35), DVT (aOR 4.84, 95% CI 2.15-10.92), PE (aOR 4.87, 95% CI 1.19-19.88), and CVT (aOR 4.30, 95%CI 1.59-11.63). CONCLUSION: T1DM is associated with an increased risk of thrombo-embolic events in pregnancy.
Autoimmune Diseases and Rates of Thromboembolism in Pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APLS) is associated with an increased risk of thromboembolism during pregnancy. Other autoimmune diseases are less well-studied. Given the proinflammatory state associated with these conditions, we sought to identify the risk of thromboembolic disease in pregnant patients with autoimmune conditions. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study utilizing the National Inpatient Sample (Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project) for the year 2018. Subjects were excluded if they had a history of thrombosis, inherited thrombophilia, or APLS. Patients with at least one autoimmune condition (rheumatoid arthritis, Type 1 diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosus, myositis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn's, Sjogren's, scleroderma, and Hashimoto's thyroiditis) were compared to unaffected pregnancies. The primary outcome was a composite of thrombotic events. Secondary outcomes included individual components of the composite including deep vein thrombosis, PE, arterial embolism, and cerebrovascular thrombosis. The groups were compared via Student's t-tests, Chi-square, and logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: The control cohort comprised 750,743 pregnancies. The study cohort had 8,605 patients with≥1 autoimmune condition. The patients with autoimmune conditions were more likely to be older, White, obese, chronic hypertensive, tobacco users, privately insured, and in the upper quartile of household income (all P<.001). After controlling for confounders that differed between groups with P<.05, presence of an autoimmune disease was independently associated with higher rates of thrombosis and embolic events, with rates of 0.6% compared to 0.2% in controls (aOR 2.40, 95%CI 1.75-3.28). CONCLUSION: Autoimmune disease is associated with an increased risk of thromboembolic disease in pregnancy.
Clinical findings predictive of maternal adverse outcomes with pyelonephritis; BACKGROUND: Pyelonephritis, a leading cause of infection during pregnancy, is associated with increased maternal adverse outcomes. Therefore, early recognition and intervention of pyelonephritis are important. Early recognition of pyelonephritis has historically been dependent on fever and costovertebral angle tenderness. However, the reliability of these findings to distinguish women who will develop maternal adverse outcomes is limited. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to identify clinical variables on presentation that are predictive of maternal adverse outcomes associated with pyelonephritis during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of pregnant women admitted with pyelonephritis at a single hospital from October 1, 2015, to July 31, 2021, was conducted. The primary outcome was a composite maternal adverse outcome consisting of any of the following: maternal intensive care unit admission, surgical intervention, hypotension requiring vasopressors, acute respiratory distress syndrome, pulmonary edema, mechanical ventilation, high-flow nasal cannula, disseminated intravascular coagulation, altered mental status, dialysis, organ failure, venous thromboembolism, or maternal death. Differences in maternal characteristics and clinical signs and symptoms on admission were stratified by the presence or absence of a maternal adverse outcome. Categorical variables were analyzed using the Fisher exact test. Continuous data were analyzed with Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Sensitivity and specificity and likelihood ratios with 95% confidence intervals were calculated for the detection of maternal adverse outcomes by specified admission physical examination and laboratory findings. RESULTS: Of 97 women that met the inclusion criteria, 28 (28.9%) had maternal adverse outcomes. Moreover, 50 of 97 women (51.5%) had fever on presentation, with no difference between cohorts recognized. Admission vital signs were not significantly different between cohorts. Costovertebral angle tenderness was present in 78 of 97 women (80.4%) on presentation, with no difference between cohorts. Compared with women without a maternal adverse outcome, women with maternal adverse outcomes were more likely to have leukocytosis (18/28 [64.3%] vs 20/69 [29.0%]), thrombocytosis (3/28 [10.7%] vs 5/69 [7.2%]), bandemia (8/28 [28.6%] vs 7/69 [10.1%]), and an abnormal serum potassium (20/28 [71.4%] vs 32/63 [50.8%]). CONCLUSION: Admission vital signs may not reliably identify women with pyelonephritis at risk of maternal adverse outcomes. Laboratory studies, particularly a complete blood count and electrolytes, may provide a means of distinguishing those at risk of maternal adverse outcomes.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with panhypopituitarism: a population-based study; Research question: What are the consequences of panhypopituitarism on pregnancy outcomes? Design: Retrospective population-based study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project – Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). A dataset was created of all deliveries between 2004 and 2014 inclusive. Within this group, all deliveries to women who had a diagnosis of panhypopituitarism during pregnancy were identified as part of the study group (n = 120), and the remaining deliveries comprised the reference group (n = 8,732,641). A multivariate logistic regression analysis, controlling for confounding effects, was conducted to explore associations between panhypopituitarism and pregnancy complications, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Results: No significant differences were found in the risk of developing gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, placental abruption, or preterm delivery delivering a small for gestational age neonate, or in the mode of delivery. There was a higher risk of developing maternal infection (odds ratio [OR] 3.14, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.46–6.74) and congenital anomalies (OR 6.97, 95% CI 2.57–18.95); however, due to the small number of cases these results should be interpreted with caution. Conclusions: Pregnancy outcomes of women with panhypopituitarism are comparable to those of the general population. Further studies are needed to assess the risk of congenital anomalies and maternal infection in pregnant women with panhypopituitarism.
Persistent thrombocytopenia predicts poor long-term survival in patients with antiphospholipid syndrome: A 38-year follow-up study; To investigate the impact of thrombocytopenia on survival in patients with APS. Methods: Thrombocytopenia and other predictors of outcome were retrospectively evaluated in an aPL-positive and APS cohort with 38-year follow-up (1980-2018). Thrombocytopenia was defined as <150 × 109 platelets/l. Hazard ratios (HR) of mortality were calculated using Cox-regression models. Results: Among 114 patients, 64% had primary APS, 25% secondary APS and 10% asymptomatic aPL. Mean follow-up was 19 (range 5-38) years. ANA [hazard ratio (HR) 1.8, 95% CI 0.8, 3.6, P = 0.10], arterial thrombotic events (HR 7.0, 95% CI 1.4, 3.5, P = 0.016), myocardial infarction (HR 8.3, 95% CI 1.1, 59, P = 0.03), intracardiac thrombosis (HR 17, 95% CI 1, 279, P = 0.04) and thrombocytopenia (HR 2.9, 95% CI 1.4, 6.1, P = 0.004) were risk factors for all-cause mortality, but in multivariate analysis only thrombocytopenia (HR 2.7, 95% CI 1.3, 6.0, P = 0.01) remained significant. Persistent (HR 4.4, 95% CI 2.1, 9.2, P = 0.001) and low-moderate thrombocytopenia (HR 2.8, 95% CI 1.2, 6.4, P = 0.01) were associated with a significant increase in mortality compared with acute (HR 1.6, 95% CI 0.5, 5.3, P = 0.40) and severe (HR 2.1, 95% CI 0.5, 9.2, P = 0.30) forms. APS patients with vs without thrombocytopenia were more frequently male (58 vs 24%, P = 0.001) with arterial thrombosis (55 vs 32%, P = 0.04), LA positivity (100 vs 87%, P = 0.04), type I aPL profile (89% vs 71%, P = 0.05) and anticoagulant treatment (89 vs 63%, P = 0.01). Thrombosis caused 13% of deaths in thrombocytopenic patients and 1% in those without (P = 0.01). Conclusion: Thrombocytopenia is an aPL-related manifestation that identifies patients with severe disease phenotype and high thrombotic risk. Persistent low-moderate thrombocytopenia is associated with a reduced long-term survival.
Assessment of fibrinolytic markers in patients with deep vein thrombosis; The association of the fibrinolytic markers with deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is still a matter of debate. The present study aimed to investigate the association between fibrinolytic markers and DVT. This observational study recruited 52 adult cases with lower limb DVT and 52 healthy adult volunteers as controls. The quantitative determination of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), plasminogen, thrombin activable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI), tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) and α2-antiplasmin (α2-AP) was performed by ELISA. TAFI, plasminogen and t-PA were significantly higher in cases than controls and PAI-1 was significantly lower in cases than controls. In addition, TAFI, plasminogen and t-PA levels were significantly increased in unprovoked and idiopathic DVT cases than controls. The present study suggests that the fibrinolytic markers tested in patients with a remote history of DVT are different than in individuals with no history of DVT and, with further study, may prove useful as screening assays for DVT risk.
Clinical characteristics of patients with acute pulmonary embolism in high altitude area of Yunnan province in China; Objective To analyze the clinical features of patients with acute pulmonary embolism (APE) living in high altitude area of Yunnan province. Methods This was a cross‑sectional retrospective study. APE patients, hospitalized in our hospital between January 2017 and December 2019, were included. The selected patients were divided into low‑risk group, medium‑risk group and high‑risk group according to risk stratification. The clinical data of patients, including demographic data, the main symptoms, risk factors of APE, heart rate and systolic blood pressure and laboratory testing results (D‑dimer, cardiac troponin I (cTNI), N terminal B‑type natriuretic peptide (NT‑proBNP)) and echocardiography and electrocardiogram examination results, were obtained through the electronic medical record system. The clinical characteristics of selected patients were analyzed. Results A total of 392 patients, aged (63.5±15.7) years, 224 males (57.14%), were included in this study and there were 59 low‑risk, 304 medium‑risk and 29 high‑risk patients in this cohort. The main clinical manifestations were chest pain (157(40.05%)), dyspnea (107(27.30%)), hemoptysis (55(14.03%)), syncope as the first symptom (20(5.10%)), and only 6 cases (1.53%) presented with the typical "Virchow′s triad". Most of the patients were accompanied by atypical chest tightness (223(56.89%)) and cough (208(53.06%)). The main risk factors were venous thrombosis of lower limbs (179(45.66%)), hypertension (138(35.20%)), surgery (63(16.07%)), and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (62(15.82%)). There were 57 cases (14.54%) of coronary heart disease, 57 cases (14.54%) of diabetes, 51 cases (13.01%) of cerebral infarction, 47 cases (12.00%) of advanced age, 15 cases (3.83%) of tumor, 7 cases (1.79%) of activity restriction, 6 cases (1.53%) of pregnancy and 4 cases (1.02%) of hormone use in this cohort. The proportion of lower extremity venous thrombosis was significantly higher in low‑risk group than in medium‑risk group (P<0.01), COPD was more common in high‑risk and medium‑risk groups than in low‑risk group (P<0.01), hypertension was more common in high‑risk group than in medium‑and low‑risk groups (P<0.01). The proportion of advanced age was significantly higher in medium‑risk group than in low‑risk group (P<0.01). There were no significant differences in RBC and hemoglobin level between low‑, medium‑and high‑risk groups (P>0.05). The level of D‑dimer was significantly higher in high‑risk group than in medium‑and low‑risk groups (P<0.05). Levels of NT‑proBNP and cTNI were significantly higher in high‑risk group than in medium‑ and low‑risk groups (P<0.05). Increased proportion of cTNI and NT‑proBNP was significantly higher in high‑risk group than in medium‑ and low‑risk groups (P<0.05). There were 105 (26.79%) patients with pulmonary hypertension (PAH). The incidence of PAH was significantly higher in high‑risk group than in low‑risk group (P<0.01). There were 104 patients (26.53%) with right ventricular enlargement, and the incidence of right ventricular enlargement was significantly higher in high‑risk group than in medium‑and low‑risk groups (P<0.01). Characteristic changes of electrocardiogram in patient with APE were T‑wave inversion of limb leads (98(25.00%)), followed by SQIIITIII (83(21.17%)). Conclusions The main clinical manifestations of APE in Yunnan high altitude area are chest pain and dyspnea, and syncope is the first symptom in some patients, but the typical "Virchow′s triad" is rare. The most common risk factors are lower extremity venous thrombosis, hypertension, and COPD. Clinical symptoms, risk factors and laboratory examination results differ among patients with different risk stratification.
Integrase Inhibitors Use for HIV Infection in Pregnancy; Purpose of Review: There are important unmet needs regarding HIV infection, particularly in vulnerable population, such as pregnant women and the safety and efficacy of antiretrovirals to them and their newborn. HIV integrase inhibitor agents are among the preferred antiretrovirals in most guidelines worldwide. The purpose of this review is to evaluate their safety and efficacy in that specific population. Recent Findings: An increased importance it is being paid to this issue. However, only recently and just a few studies have been conducted trying to evaluate and compare these drugs with other agents such as efavirenz and protease inhibitors. Summary: Most studies evaluate dolutegravir and some raltegravir. So far, the findings from clinical trials support the indication of dolutegravir as the preferred agent and raltegravir as the alternate drug in pregnant women and in those who can become pregnant. They have been shown to be safe to the mother and infant and are effective in reducing viral load and prevent maternal-to-child HIV transmission. Furthermore, viral decay is faster with them, which could be important for late pregnancy in women not taking antiretrovirals yet. While elvitegravir is not recommended due to pharmacokinetic limitations, bictegravir is still not indicated as there is virtually no information about its use in this population. More clinical trials and data are urgently needed to better evaluate antiretrovirals for pregnant women in several settings, including preconception; first, second, and third trimester; and post-partum.
Should pregnant women with diabetes be counseled differently if nephropathy was detected? a population database study; Introduction: The prevalence of diabetes mellitus has increased tremendously in the last two decades among women of reproductive age and this is mainly due to the pandemic of obesity. Diabetes mellitus is a well-known cause of maternal and neonatal complications in pregnancy. Diabetic nephropathy is a marker of severe diabetes and results in organ damage. However, only a small number of studies have evaluated the implications of diabetic nephropathy on pregnancy complications, with most having 50 to 100 nephropathy subjects. Our study aims to compare pregnant women with diabetes mellitus complicated by nephropathy or not and evaluate the relationship with obstetrical and perinatal morbidity and mortality, on a larger population. Methods: This was a population-based study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project—Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) including women who delivered between 2004 and 2014. Multivariate logistic regression was used to control for confounding effects. Results: Among 86,615 pregnancies that were complicated by diabetes mellitus, 1,241 (1.4%) had diabetic nephropathy. Diabetic nephropathy was strongly associated with preeclampsia (aOR 2.3, 95% CI 1.90–2.68), as well as chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR 4.2, 95% CI 3.53–5.01), preterm birth (aOR 1.8, 95% CI 1.59–2.1), and blood transfusion (aOR 3.6 95% CI 2.82–4.46). Both groups were similar in age and income. Conclusion: Diabetic nephropathy is associated with increased obstetrical and perinatal morbidity compared to diabetes mellitus alone. These patients may benefit from a high dose of folic acid, more vigilant antenatal surveillance, delivery in a tertiary care center, and more rigorous screening and prevention methods for pregnancy-induced hypertension diseases at antenatal care visits.
Measurement of the cardiac time intervals of the fetal ECG utilising a computerised algorithm: A retrospective observational study; Objective: Establish whether the reliable measurement of cardiac time intervals of the fetal ECG can be automated and to address whether this approach could be used to investigate large datasets. Design: Retrospective observational study. Setting: Teaching hospitals in London UK, Nottingham UK and New York USA. Participants: Singleton pregnancies with no known fetal abnormality. Methods: Archived fetal ECG's performed using the MonicaAN24 monitor. A single ECG (PQRST) complex was generated from 5000 signal-averaged beats and electrical cardiac time intervals measured in an automated way and manually. Main Outcome measure: Validation of a newly developed algorithm to measure the cardiac time intervals of the fetal ECG. Results: 188/236 (79.7%) subjects with fECGs of suitable signal:noise ratio were included for analysis comparing manual with automated measurement. PR interval was measured in 173/188 (92%), QRS complex in 170/188 (90%) and QT interval in 123/188 (65.4%). PR interval was 107.6 (12.07) ms [mean(SD)] manual vs 109.11 (14.7) ms algorithm. QRS duration was 54.72(6.35) ms manual vs 58.34(5.73) ms algorithm. QT-interval was 268.93 (21.59) ms manual vs 261.63 (36.16) ms algorithm. QTc was 407.5(32.71) ms manual vs 396.4 (54.78) ms algorithm. The QRS-duration increased with gestational age in both manual and algorithm measurements. Conclusion: Accurate measurement of fetal ECG cardiac time intervals can be automated with potential application to interpretation of larger datasets.
Effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparin in obstetric outcome of pregnancies having comorbidities with potential thrombotic risk; Background: The term “miscarriage” represents a demise of a fetus before it attains maturity. It encompasses all miscarriages between the time of conceive and the end of the pregnancy. Antiphospholipid antibody syndrome and in vitro fertilization (IVF) are one of the major reasons for thrombosis in pregnancy causing miscarriages. Since low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) produces fewer thrombocytopenia and is associated with reduced incidence of osteoporosis, it can be given once daily, therefore, it might have significant benefits compared with unfractionated heparin in at risk pregnancy. Aims and Objectives: This study aims to assess pregnancy outcomes after therapy with traditional aspirin supplemented with LMWH among women who are pregnant experiencing thrombosis-related diseases such as antiphospholipid syndrome (APLA) syndrome and IVF pregnancies. Materials and Methods: It was a retrospective analysis with a purposive sample of 61 pregnant women who had thrombosis risk factors. Thirty of the pregnancies were confirmed cases for APLA syndrome, whereas the other 30 were IVF conceptions. The comorbid factors were older age, a past of miscarriages, nulliparous IVF pregnancy, pre-eclampsia, diabetes, and obesity. IVF pregnancy accompanied with ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome was one of the cases. Study participants were administered a regular preventive medication of 40/60 mg s.c. as well as 75/150 mg of oral aspirin. All through gestation, according to patient’s registration weight, were administered every day. Heparin was stopped 24 h before the actual scheduled delivery, while aspirin had been stopped 3–4 days earlier. Results: In this study, 58 live births have been recorded, including 10 cases of preeclampsia, 10 of intrauterine growth retardation, two of eclampsia, two of intrauterine death infants, and two of abortions. There were 18 premature deliveries, nine multiple birth pregnancies, and 35 full-term pregnancies among the live births. There were no cases of HELLP syndrome, placental abruption, and stillbirths. In addition, heparin therapy cured one incidence of post-operative thrombosis of deep veins in pregnancy. It was also observed that early LMWH application to pregnant women with thrombosis risk was able to lower the incidence of miscarriages, gestational fetal death, and decreased weight at birth, and cases of HELLP syndromes. Furthermore, the therapeutic dose in high-risk case of post-delivery deep vein thrombosis of lower extremities cured the mother. Conclusion: It can be concluded from the study that the application of LMWH enhanced the obstetric outcome in pregnant women having increased risk for thrombosis. In future pregnancies with thrombosis risk factors, employing LMWH in conjunction with the documented therapeutic approach may result in a better obstetric outcome.
Inflammatory bowel disease and thromboembolic events: a c’lot to learn; Background: Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is associated with a variety of extraintestinal manifestations including arterial and venous thromboembolism. Research evidences that IBD patients have about a 2- to 3-fold increase in the risk of venous thromboembolism when compared with the general population. Objectives: We intended to evaluate the coagulation parameters and the prevalence of thromboembolic events (TE) in IBD patients. It was also our aim to investigate the correlation between coagulation parameters and disease phenotype and activity in this population. Methods: This single center prospective observational study was performed between November 2016 and April 2020. The cohort included patients with 18 years of age or older, diagnosed with IBD and followed at a gastroenterology consultation, during a follow-up period of 36 months. Patients were evaluated in terms of IBD type, extent and disease behavior, clinical scores of IBD activity, medication, smoking history, family and personal history of TE, coagulation parameters, fecal calprotectin levels, C-reactive protein (CRP), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), hospitalization due to TE, IBD-related hospitalization or surgery, pregnancy, or diagnosis of malignancy. Results: The study included 149 IBD patients (67 males and 82 females). Coagulation parameters were similar in CD and UC patients and only plasminogen was increased in CD patients [97.4 (17.0) versus 91.6 (13.3), p = 0.035], when comparing with UC patients. The determined values were in the range of the reference values described in literature for the standard population. During the follow-up period, none of the patients experienced a TE that demanded hospitalization. Conclusion: In our study, acquired and inherited risk factors for TE and changes in coagulation parameters did not show to influence prothrombotic predisposition in IBD patients. As such, the clinical relevance of measuring coagulation parameters in this population is questionable. Trial Registry: NCT05162339 (ClinicalTrials.gov ID).
Ultrasound Technique Based on Liposome Nanovesicles in the Evaluation of Abnormal Pregnancy Outcomes in Diabetic Women; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to the first occurrence or detection of glucose tolerance abnormalities during pregnancy, including cases that may have existed before pregnancy but have not been detected. It is one of the common complications during pregnancy. In recent years, the incidence of GDM has been on the rise. The most common complication of GDM is macrosomia, which often causes dystocia, neonatal asphyxia, birth injury and postpartum bleached blood. Early diagnosis, appropriate treatment and maintenance of reasonable and stable blood glucose concentration can significantly reduce the incidence of complications. The purpose of this study was to investigate the application of ultrasound techniques based on liposome nano-vesicles in the assessment of abnormal pregnancy outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. Objective: To investigate the value of ultrasound in the examination of fetal growth in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus. For this purpose, a total of 100 pregnant women with gestational diabetes admitted to the hospital were selected as the research objects, and the clinical data of ultrasound examination were retrospectively analyzed. According to the newborn weight, they were divided into the control group (normal fetus group) and the observation group (giant fetus group). The growth of fetuses in the two groups was compared, and the predictive value of each measurement index to the weight of a giant fetus was analyzed. Multiple regression analysis showed that LL, AC and FL played a decisive role in fetal weight, with statistically significant differences (P<0.05). In conclusion, ultrasonography is of great value in predicting fetal growth in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and can be widely used.
Frequency of Low Molecular Weight Heparin Indications among Sample of Pregnant Women in Salahadeen General Hospital, 2022; Background: Risk stratification for pregnant women to prevent venous thromboembolic events is routine in many high-income settings. Most healthcare professionals use the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists Greentop guidelines for antenatal and postnatal risk assessment. Based on the score, women at high risk will receive thromboprophylaxis for varying lengths of time. Aim: The current study aimed to find out the indications of low molecular weight use in pregnancy and the most common predictors of its use. Patients and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in Salahadeen General Hospital/Gynecology and Obstetrics department during the period from the 1st of January to the 30th of June 2022. A convenience sample of 80 pregnant women attended the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department and reported LMWH use during the current pregnancy. Pregnant women who were unsure about the dose or the cause of LMWH use in their current pregnancy were excluded from the study. Results: Recurrent abortion was the commonest indication of low molecular weight heparin use in the pregnancy as 15 (18.8%) of the participants had a recurrent abortion, followed by COVID-19 infection 13.8), and deep vein thrombosis in the last pregnancy (13.8%). While the least common indications were intrauterine growth retardation and in vitro fertilisation. The mean gestation age differed according to the indication of LMWH use. It was 17.6 (10.2) weeks in recurrent abortion, and 12.0 in the case of in vitro fertilisation. In conclusion, the recurrent abortion of unknown cause, followed by COVID-19 infection, deep vein thrombosis in the last pregnancy, and hypertension were the commonest cause of low molecular weight heparin use during pregnancy. Although the drug is both safe and efficacious, its use for some indications has no proven scientific evidence.
Maternal and fetal effects of COVID-19 virus on a complicated triplet pregnancy: a case report; Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), the global pandemic that has spread throughout the world, is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Given the limited scientific evidence on the manifestations and potential impact of this virus on pregnancy, we decided to report this case. Case presentation: The patient was a 38 year-old Iranian woman with a triplet pregnancy and a history of primary infertility, as well as hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes. She was hospitalized at 29 weeks and 2 days gestational age due to elevated liver enzymes, and finally, based on a probable diagnosis of gestational cholestasis, she was treated with ursodeoxycholic acid. On the first day of hospitalization, sonography was performed, which showed that biophysical scores and amniotic fluid were normal in all three fetuses, with normal Doppler findings in two fetuses and increased umbilical artery resistance (pulsatility index [PI] > 95%) in one fetus. On day 4 of hospitalization, she developed fever, cough and myalgia, and her COVID-19 test was positive. Despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses leading to the rapid development of absent umbilical artery end-diastolic flow. Finally, 6 days later, the patient underwent cesarean section due to rapid exacerbation of placental insufficiency and declining biophysical score in two of the fetuses. Nasopharyngeal swab COVID-19 tests were negative for the first and third babies and positive for the second baby. The first and third babies died 3 and 13 days after birth, respectively, due to collapsed white lung and sepsis. The second baby was discharged in good general condition. The mother was discharged 3 days after cesarean section. She had no fever at the time of discharge and was also in good general condition. Conclusions: This was a complicated triplet pregnancy, in which, after maternal infection with COVID-19, despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses, and the third fetus had a positive COVID-19 test after birth. Therefore, in cases of pregnancy with COVID-19 infection, in addition to managing the mother, it seems that physicians would be wise to also give special attention to the possibility of acute placental insufficiency and subsequent fetal hypoxia, and also the probability of vertical transmission.
Postpartum ovarian vein thrombosis manifesting as acute appendicitis: a case report; Background: Postpartum ovarian thrombosis is an uncommon condition. It appears with the nonspecific, predominantly right-sided abdominal symptoms and must be differentiated from other acute visceral conditions. If left untreated, postpartum ovarian thrombosis can have severe consequences, including sepsis, pulmonary embolism, and even death. Momentarily, there are no specific guidelines for postpartum ovarian thrombosis management. We present a case of postpartum ovarian thrombosis admitted to our hospital with symptoms of acute appendicitis. Case presentation : A 39-year-old Omani obese multiparous woman of Afro-Arab origin was admitted with acute symptoms, mainly abdominal pain, fever, and vomiting 1 week postpartum. Clinical picture and biochemical profile did not exhibit a recognizable pattern. Ultrasonography excluded retained products of conception. Computerized scan for abdomen and pelvis with oral and intravenous contrast reported a dilated tubular structure in the right adnexa extending up to the right renal hilum level with surrounding inflammation. Those findings were consistent with the thrombophlebitis of the right ovarian vein. Blood cultures and sensitivity showed group A β-hemolytic streptococci sensitive to penicillin G and clindamycin. The patient was treated successfully with antibiotics and therapeutic anticoagulants and discharged home 3 days later; follow-up was arranged. Conclusion: This pathology is an exceptional entity in Oman. Therefore, awareness of this unique condition is required so that clinicians will be vigilant, exploring similar cases with imaging and avoiding unnecessary surgical interventions.
Association of Preeclampsia With Myocardial Injury Among Patients Undergoing Noncardiac Surgery: The PREECLAMPSIA-VISION Study; Background: In women, preeclampsia has a known association with increased long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. However, it is unknown whether it is associated with increased postoperative cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women. We aimed to determine if preeclampsia is an independent risk factor for myocardial injury after noncardiac surgery (MINS) and postoperative 30-day mortality. Methods: This study was a large international multicentre cohort study of a representative sample of 40,004 patients recruited from August 2007 to November 2013. Participants were ≥ 45 years of age and underwent inpatient noncardiac surgery. Within this cohort, our study examined women with a history of pregnancy. Using multivariable models, we explored the association between a history of pregnancy affected by preeclampsia and our primary outcome of MINS and secondary outcome of postoperative mortality within 30 days. MINS was defined as prognostically relevant myocardial injury due to ischemia that occurred during or within 30 days after noncardiac surgery. Results: Analyses were restricted to the 13,902 participants with a history of pregnancy. Among these women, 976 (7.0%) had a history of preeclampsia. A history of preeclampsia was associated with an increased risk of MINS, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 1.26 (95% confidence interval 1.03-1.53; P = 0.02). Preeclampsia was not significantly associated with 30-day mortality. Conclusions: Preeclampsia is a risk factor for MINS and should be considered in the preoperative cardiovascular risk assessment of women.
Risk Factors for Deep Vein Thrombosis in Pregnancy and Puerperium at a Tertiary Care Hospital in Muzaffarabad, AJK; Aim: Risk factors of deep vein thrombosis in pregnancy and puerperium in our setting. Study Design: Descriptive Cross-sectional study Place and duration of study: Departments of Obs & Gynae and General Medicine, CMH Muzaffarabad, AJK from 20th December, 2019 to 20th June, 2020. Methodology: A total of 385 females were included. Demographic data including age, parity, gravidity, BMI, obesity and timing of DVT occurrence was noted. The associated risk factors including mode of delivery in postpartum women, smoking status, past history of DVT, gestational diabetes and Diabetes Mellitus were noted. Results: Mean age of the participants was 26.1±5.3 years. Frequency of women developing deep vein thrombosis during pregnancy was 84.9% and 15.1% women developed DVT during puerperium. Past history of DVT was present in 26.5%. 31.7% of women were known diabetics and 29.1% developed gestational diabetes during current pregnancy. Frequency of smoking was 4.2%. 8% women presented with DVT in first trimester, 139(36.1%) in second trimester and 154 (40%) in third trimester. Conclusion: DVT is more common in the third trimester of pregnancy than in puerperium. Obesity, Diabetes Mellitus and past history of DVT were significant risk factors identified in the study.
Clinical Outcomes in Critically-Ill Patients with COVID-19 Treated with Therapeutic Dose of Anticoagulants for Suspected Thromboembolism; Introduction Since March 2020, the New York City hospitals have experienced a tremendous surge of COVID-19 cases. Our hospital admitted 877 patients in a 2-week period, from March 15 to Apr 1, 2020. The exact mechanism of how COVID-19 causes vascular injury is unclear but some experts attribute it to widespread vascular inflammation[2,3]. The limited understanding of the hypercoagulable mechanism has limited our treatment techniques. To date, whether therapeutic anticoagulation is the right choice in regard to optimal management of patients with COVID-19 in suspected but not confirmed DVT (deep vein thrombosis) or PE (pulmonary embolism) is still a question[4]. Method We performed a retrospective observational cohort analysis of 145 adult ICU patients at an acute care teaching hospital located in Queens County, New York between March 15, 2020 to April 1, 2020. The study was approved by IRB. All patients >18 years of age with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection and determined to require admission to intensive care units between March 15, 2020 and April 1, 2020, inclusive of those dates, were included in the investigation, with the exclusion of pregnant patients. All data was collected from the electronic health record (Allscripts) and was compiled in REDCap software for data encryption. During that study period, therapeutic anticoagulants were used in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 with high clinical risk or suspicion for venous thromboembolism (VTE). As per hospital protocol, heparin continuous infusion with a target activated partial thromboplastin time of 50 to 70 seconds or enoxaparin 1mg/kilogram(kg) twice a day for creatinine clearance (CrCl) above 30 ml/min or once a day for CrCl below 30 ml/min were used to achieve therapeutic anticoagulation. The primary outcome of the study was 28-day in-hospital mortality for critically ill patients affected by COVID-19 with or without the use of therapeutic anticoagulation. Covariates included in analysis were hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, cardiac history, and use of antiplatelet and anticoagulant medications prior to admission. Statistical analysis was done using R version 4.0.2. Results Out of 145 ICU patients, 61 received therapeutic anticoagulation. Kaplan-Meier survival curves show the survival probability with respect to days after admission for the two groups (those who used anticoagulant therapeutic drugs and those who didn't) using 28-day in-hospital mortality.(Fig 1) Median age for patients was 61 years for patients who didn't receive therapeutic anticoagulants compared to 60 years for patients who received therapeutic doses. The mean D-dimer among patients who received therapeutic anticoagulation was 20462 ng/ml (D-dimer units) compared to 7872 ng/ml for those who did not. The median number of days of survival for those who did not take anticoagulant therapeutic drugs is 10 days, while the median for those who did take anticoagulant therapeutic drugs is 25 days. After adjusting for hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, cardiac history, home antiplatelet medication use and continuous response for peak d-dimer levels, the results also show that there is a causal effect of 22.2 % decreased risk of 28-day in-hospital mortality if one received the therapeutic anticoagulant in the hospital. Conclusion Our findings suggest that there is a significantly higher median survival time in critically ill patients who received therapeutic anticoagulants in the hospital compared to those who didn't. However, our study is limited by observational nature, possible unobserved confounding, lack of metrics to classify illness severity as well as lack of evidence based decision guideline in initiation of therapeutic anticoagulation. There is an urgent need for further evidence-based studies like clinical trials which are necessary to provide specific guidelines for use of therapeutic anticoagulants in patients with COVID-19 infection. References 1. Becker RC. COVID-19 update: Covid-19-associated coagulopathy. J Thromb Thrombolysis. 2020;50(1):54-67. 2. Tay, M.Z., Poh, C.M., Rénia, L. et al. The trinity of COVID-19: immunity, inflammation and intervention. Nat Rev Immunol 20, 363-374 (2020). 3. Lisa K. Moores, Tobias Tritschler, et al. Prevention, Diagnosis, and Treatment of VTE in Patients With Coronavirus Disease 2019: CHEST Guideline and Expert Panel Report, Chest, Volume 158, Issue 3, 2020, Pages 1143-1163, ISSN 0012-3692. [Formula presented] Disclosures: No relevant conflicts of interest to declare.
Metabolic syndrome; associations with adverse outcome after colorectal surgery. A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Increasing evidence shows that patients with Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) are at risk for adverse outcome after abdominal surgery. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of MetS and preoperative hyperglycemia, as an individual component of MetS, on adverse outcome after colorectal surgery. Methods: A literature review was systematically performed according to the PRISMA guidelines. Inclusion criteria were observational studies that evaluated the relationship between MetS or preoperative hyperglycemia and outcomes after colorectal surgery (i.e. any complication, severe complication defined as Clavien-Dindo grade ≥ III, anastomotic leakage, surgical site infection, mortality and length of stay). Results: Six studies (246.383 patients) evaluated MetS and eight studies (9.534 patients) reported on hyperglycemia. Incidence rates of MetS varied widely from 7% to 68% across studies. Meta-analysis showed that patients with MetS are more likely to develop severe complications than those without MetS (RR 1.62, 95% CI 1.01–2.59). Moreover, a non-significant trend toward increased risks for any complication (RR 1.35, 95% CI 0.91–2.00), anastomotic leakage (RR 1.67, 95% CI 0.47–5.93) and mortality (RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.00–1.43) was found. Furthermore, preoperative hyperglycemia was associated with an increased risk of surgical site infection (RR 1.35, 95% CI 1.01–1.81). Conclusion: MetS seem to have a negative impact on adverse outcome after colorectal surgery. As a result of few studies meeting inclusion criteria and substantial heterogeneity, evidence is not conclusive. Future prospective observational studies should improve the amount and quality in order to verify current results.
Clinical outcomes in critically-ill patients with covid-19 treated with therapeutic dose of anticoagulants for suspected thromboembolism; Introduction Since March 2020, the New York City hospitals have experienced a tremendous surge of COVID-19 cases. Our hospital admitted 877 patients in a 2-week period, from March 15 to Apr 1, 2020. The exact mechanism of how COVID-19 causes vascular injury is unclear but some experts attribute it to widespread vascular inflammation[2,3]. The limited understanding of the hypercoagulable mechanism has limited our treatment techniques. To date, whether therapeutic anticoagulation is the right choice in regard to optimal management of patients with COVID-19 in suspected but not confirmed DVT (deep vein thrombosis) or PE (pulmonary embolism) is still a question[4]. Method We performed a retrospective observational cohort analysis of 145 adult ICU patients at an acute care teaching hospital located in Queens County, New York between March 15, 2020 to April 1, 2020. The study was approved by IRB. All patients >18 years of age with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection and determined to require admission to intensive care units between March 15, 2020 and April 1, 2020, inclusive of those dates, were included in the investigation, with the exclusion of pregnant patients. All data was collected from the electronic health record (Allscripts) and was compiled in REDCap software for data encryption. During that study period, therapeutic anticoagulants were used in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 with high clinical risk or suspicion for venous thromboembolism (VTE). As per hospital protocol, heparin continuous infusion with a target activated partial thromboplastin time of 50 to 70 seconds or enoxaparin 1mg/kilogram(kg) twice a day for creatinine clearance (CrCl) above 30 ml/min or once a day for CrCl below 30 ml/min were used to achieve therapeutic anticoagulation. The primary outcome of the study was 28-day in-hospital mortality for critically ill patients affected by COVID-19 with or without the use of therapeutic anticoagulation. Covariates included in analysis were hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, cardiac history, and use of antiplatelet and anticoagulant medications prior to admission. Statistical analysis was done using R version 4.0.2. Results Out of 145 ICU patients, 61 received therapeutic anticoagulation. Kaplan-Meier survival curves show the survival probability with respect to days after admission for the two groups (those who used anticoagulant therapeutic drugs and those who didn't) using 28-day inhospital mortality.(Fig 1) Median age for patients was 61 years for patients who didn't receive therapeutic anticoagulants compared to 60 years for patients who received therapeutic doses. The mean D-dimer among patients who received therapeutic anticoagulation was 20462 ng/ml (D-dimer units) compared to 7872 ng/ml for those who did not. The median number of days of survival for those who did not take anticoagulant therapeutic drugs is 10 days, while the median for those who did take anticoagulant therapeutic drugs is 25 days. After adjusting for hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, cardiac history, home antiplatelet medication use and continuous response for peak d-dimer levels, the results also show that there is a causal effect of 22.2 % decreased risk of 28-day in-hospital mortality if one received the therapeutic anticoagulant in the hospital. Conclusion Our findings suggest that there is a significantly higher median survival time in critically ill patients who received therapeutic anticoagulants in the hospital compared to those who didn't. However, our study is limited by observational nature, possible unobserved confounding, lack of metrics to classify illness severity as well as lack of evidence based decision guideline in initiation of therapeutic anticoagulation. There is an urgent need for further evidence-based studies like clinical trials which are necessary to provide specific guidelines for use of therapeutic anticoagulants in patients with COVID-19 infection.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with sickle cell trait; Introduction Sickle cell trait (SCT) is a heterozygous condition in which individuals inherit one copy of the hemoglobin S allele (Hb S) which harbors a point mutation in codon 6 of the beta globin gene and one copy of the hemoglobin A allele (Hb A). SCT is a highly prevalent state affecting 300 million people worldwide with 5.5 million births annually. Individuals with SCT are generally asymptomatic with a normal life expectancy unlike their counterparts with sickle cell disease (Hb SS). Historically, they had been considered to have a benign condition with no adverse outcomes on quality or length of life. More recently extensive literature has been published regarding the potential morbidity associated with SCT, especially under extremes of stress or high oxygen demand states. There is a paucity of high-quality data addressing the implications of SCT on pregnancy but pregnant women with SCT appear to have an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications. We looked at the association between SCT and maternal and fetal complications via retrospective analysis. Methods We extracted data from the electronic medical records at our tertiary medical center on all deliveries that occurred between January 2015 and December 2020. A total of 21,198 deliveries occurred in this time frame. One hundred and sixty-two women with sickle cell trait (7.6%) were identified and matched in a 2:1 fashion to women without SCT controlling for age, gravidity, and race. Subgroup analysis by age, hemoglobin (Hb), body mass index (BMI), history of hypertension, and type-2 diabetes were carried out however subgroup analyses by a history of deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (DVT/PE) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) were not conducted due to the small frequencies in the 'Yes' groups. Results The median age was 27.5 years and 92.5% were African American. Of the cohort, 31.7% carried private insurance, 65.4% carried federal insurance (Medicaid) and 2.9% were self-pay (defined as other). Despite the lack of statistical significance between the two cohorts, some variables were noted to have numerically noticeable differences. Vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC) was seen in 1.9% of the SCT group (n=3) and in none of the control group and pyelonephritis/UTI was seen in 11.7% of the SCT group vs 7.1% in the control group (p-value 0.123) [Table 1]. On subgroup analysis by age (≤ 35 years vs >35 years) a statistically significant difference was seen in pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders (PRHD which includes gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, eclampsia, and HELLP syndrome) (60% of women with SCT vs 30% in women without SCT, p-value 0.05). VOC was only noted in women with SCT ≤ 35 years [Table 2]. When the cohorts were analyzed by Hb value ( ≤ 10 g/dL vs >10 g/dL), a statistically significant difference in PRHD was noted in women with Hb <10 g/dL (61% of in women with SCT vs 38.4% in women without SCT, p-value 0.033) [Table 3]. No differences were noted in subgroup analysis by essential hypertension, BMI, or type-2 diabetes. Discussion Despite the relatively small cohort, it is evident that SCT is not a benign condition in pregnancy. The racial and socioeconomic disparities are evident by the higher percentage of African Americans (92.5%) and women lacking private insurance coverage (68.3% of the cohort were covered by Medicaid or uninsured) who suffered adverse outcomes. VOC was noted exclusively in women with SCT (0.6% of the entire cohort) consistent with the notion that stress and/or hypoxia induce sickling. The interesting findings in this cohort were related to PRHD which occurred more frequently in women with SCT older than 35 years and in women with SCT and a Hb ≤10 g/dL. Although advanced maternal age and severe anemia are known risk factors for preeclampsia, the higher incidence of PRHD in women with SCT and advanced age (>35 years) or anemia (Hb ≤10 g/dL) warrants specific examination in future studies. Additionally, studies are needed to interrogate the pathophysiology of the hypertensive disease that occurs in SCT pregnancies. One limitation of the current retrospective study is that we were unable to define the precise subtype of the PRHD. In future studies, we would specifically examine the incidence of pre-eclampsia causing PRHD in individuals with SCT. (Figure Presented).
Low awareness of venous thromboembolism among the general population: A call for increased public enlightenment programs; Background : Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a notable but often ignored cause of disability and death. Improved public awareness of the symptoms and risks associated with VTE reduces morbidity and nortality from the disease. Aims : We aimed to determine the awareness of VTE among the general population. Methods : We conducted a population-based study using a pretested pre-validated Ipsos-Reid questionnaire between October 2019 to March 2020. The questionnaire was distributed to consenting adults in the capital cities of Enugu and Ebonyi states of South-Eastern Nigeria to determine their level of awareness and knowledge of VTE: deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). We also sought to determine their knowledge of the symptoms and risk factors of VTE. Results : A total of 284 adults participated with a mean age of 32.73 ± 10.33 years and majority (70.8%) had a post-secondary level of education. While the majority of them were aware of other medical conditions like a heart attack (96.1%), stroke (97.2%), diabetes (98.2%), HIV/AIDS (98.6%), cancer (97.2%) and malaria (98.2), just a few of the subjects were aware of thrombosis (41.5%) and DVT (33.8%). Less than half (42.4%) correctly described DVT as a blood clot in the vein and 13.7% of the respondents knew what PE feels like. A minority of them knew the risk factors of VTE included hospital stay (19.0%), surgery (37.2%), cancer (31.6%), pregnancy (31.6%) and old age (29.6%). Age and gender showed no statistically significant association with awareness of VTE (p value: 0.491 and 0.287 respectively. Conclusions : The awareness of VTE in the general population is low. The creation of awareness programs should be a public health priority in order to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with VTE.
Standard prophylactic versus intermediate dose enoxaparin in adults with severe COVID-19: A multi-center, open-label, randomized controlled trial; Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is associated with coagulopathy but the optimal prophylactic anticoagulation therapy remains uncertain and may depend on COVID-19 severity. Objective: To compare outcomes in hospitalized adults with severe COVID-19 treated with standard prophylactic versus intermediate dose enoxaparin. Methods: We conducted a multi-center, open-label, randomized controlled trial comparing standard prophylactic dose versus intermediate dose enoxaparin in adults who were hospitalized with COVID-19 and admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) and/or had laboratory evidence of coagulopathy. Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive standard prophylactic dose enoxaparin or intermediate weight-adjusted dose enoxaparin. The primary outcome was all-cause mortality at 30 days. Secondary outcomes included arterial or venous thromboembolism and major bleeding. Results: A total of 176 patients (99 males and 77 females) underwent randomization. In the intention-to-treat population, all-cause mortality at 30 days was 15% for intermediate dose enoxaparin and 21% for standard prophylactic dose enoxaparin (odds ratio, 0.66; 95% confidence interval, 0.30–1.45; P =.31 by Chi-square test). Unadjusted Cox proportional hazards modeling demonstrated no significant difference in mortality between intermediate and standard dose enoxaparin (hazard ratio, 0.67; 95% confidence interval, 0.33–1.37; P =.28). Arterial or venous thrombosis occurred in 13% of patients assigned to intermediate dose enoxaparin and 9% of patients assigned to standard dose enoxaparin. Major bleeding occurred in 2% of patients in each arm. Conclusion: In hospitalized adults with severe COVID-19, standard prophylactic dose and intermediate dose enoxaparin did not differ significantly in preventing death or thrombosis at 30 days.
Maternal hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and offspring early-onset cardiovascular disease in childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood: A national population-based cohort study; Background The:prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been increasing : in children, adolescents, and young adults in recent decades. Exposure to adverse intrauterine environment in fetal life may contribute to the elevated risk of early-onset CVD. Many studies have shown that maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased risks of congenital heart disease, high blood pressure, increased BMI, and systemic vascular dysfunction in offspring. However, empirical evidence on the association between prenatal exposure to maternal HDP and early-onset CVD in childhood and adolescence remains limited. Methods and findings We conducted a population-based cohort study using Danish national health registers, including 2,491,340 individuals born in Denmark from 1977 to 2018. Follow-up started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of CVD, emigration, death, or 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Exposure of maternal HDP was categorized as preeclampsia or eclampsia (n = 68,387), gestational hypertension (n = 18,603), and pregestational hypertension (n = 15,062). Outcome was the diagnosis of early-onset CVD from birth to young adulthood (up to 40 years old). We performed Cox proportional hazards regression to evaluate the associations and whether the association differed by maternal history of CVD or diabetes before childbirth. We further assessed the association by timing of onset and severity of preeclampsia. The median follow-up time was 18.37 years, and 51.3% of the participants were males. A total of 4,532 offspring in the exposed group (2.47 per 1,000 person-years) and 94,457 in the unexposed group (2.03 per 1,000 person-years) were diagnosed with CVD. We found that exposure to maternal HDP was associated with an increased risk of early-onset CVD (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.23; 95% CI = 1.19 to 1.26; P < 0.001). The HRs for preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, and pregestational hypertension were 1.22 (95% CI, 1.18 to 1.26; P < 0.001), 1.25 (95% CI, 1.17 to 1.34; P < 0.001), and 1.28 (95% CI, 1.15 to 1.42; P < 0.001), respectively. We also observed increased risks for type-specific CVDs, in particular for hypertensive disease (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.96 to 2.27; P < 0.001) and myocardial infarction (HR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.12 to 1.98; P = 0.007). Strong associations were found among offspring of mothers with CVD history (HR, 1.67; 95% CI, 1.41 to 1.98; P < 0.001) or comorbid diabetes (HR, 1.56; 95% CI, 1.34 to 1.83; P < 0.001). When considering timing of onset and severity of preeclampsia on offspring CVD, the strongest association was observed for early-onset and severe preeclampsia (HR, 1.48, 95% CI, 1.30 to 1.67; P < 0.001). Study limitations include the lack of information on certain potential confounders (including smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption) and limited generalizability in other countries with varying disparities in healthcare. Conclusions Offspring born to mothers with HDP, especially mothers with CVD or diabetes history, were at increased risks of overall and certain type-specific early-onset CVDs in their first decades of life. Further research is warranted to better understand the mechanisms underlying the relationship between maternal HDP and early-onset CVD in offspring.
Low awareness of venous thromboembolism among the general population: a call for increased public enlightenment programs; Background.Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a notable but often ignored cause of disability and death. Improved public awareness of the symptoms and risks associated with VTE reduces the burden of disease. Aim. We aimed to determine the awareness of VTE among the general population. Methods. We conducted a population-based study using a pretested, pre-validated Ipsos-Reid questionnaire between October 2019 to March 2020. The questionnaire was distributed to consenting adults in the capital cities of Enugu and Ebonyi states of South-Eastern Nigeria to determine their awareness and knowledge of the symptoms and risk factors of VTE. Results. A total of 284 adults participated with a mean age of 32.73 ± 10.33 years and majority (70.8%) had a post-secondary education. While majority were aware of other medical conditions like a heart attack (96.1%), stroke (97.2%), diabetes (98.2%), HIV/AIDS (98.6%), cancer (97.2%) and malaria (98.2), just a few of the subjects were aware of thrombosis (41.5%) and DVT (33.8%). Less than half (42.4%) correctly described DVT as a blood clot in the vein and 13.7% of the respondents knew what PE feels like. A minority of them knew the risk factors of VTE included hospital stay (19.0%), surgery (37.2%), cancer (31.6%), pregnancy (31.6%) and old age (29.6%). Age and gender showed no statistically significant association with awareness of VTE, p value, 0.491 and 0.287, respectively. Conclusion. The awareness of VTE in the general population is low. Public awareness programs should be a public health priority to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with VTE.
Proteinuria and venous thromboembolism in pregnancy: a population-based cohort study; Background. Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and foetal outcomes. Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state, however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. Methods. We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (≥16 years of age) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception (n = 306 244; mean age 29.8 years) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin:creatinine ratio ≥3 mg/mmol, urine protein:creatinine ratio ≥5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria ≥1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24-weeks post-partum. Results. A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals, with a higher risk among women with positive proteinuria [32 events (0.38%)] compared with women without proteinuria [593 events (0.20%); inverse probability-weighted risk ratio 1.79 (95% confidence interval 1.25–2.57)]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high-risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. Conclusions. The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE.
Outpatient management of COVID-19 disease: A holistic patient-centered proposal based on the Greek experience; Novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), has become a worldwide pandemic and affected more than 227 countries or territories, resulting in more than 179 million cases with over 3.890.00 deaths, as of June 25, 2021. The Hellenic Thoracic Society (HTS) during the second wave of COVID-19 pandemic released a guidance document for the management of patients with COVID- 19 in the community and in hospital setting. In this review, with guidance the HTS document, we are discussing the outpatient management of COVID-19 patients, including the preventive measures, the patients’ isolation and quarantine criteria of close contacts, the severity and risk stratification, including the decisions for advanced hospitalization, and the disease management at home in patients with mild disease and after hospital discharge for those with more severe disease.
Post-mortem examination of Hospital Inpatient COVID-19 Deaths in Lusaka, Zambia - A Descriptive Whole-body Autopsy Series; Background: Since information on the pathology of COVID-19 from sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) remains scarce, the objective of our study was to define the gross pathology and histological features of COVID-19. We report data from 29 whole-body autopsies of COVID-19 deaths occurring in hospitals in Lusaka, Zambia - the first large autopsy case series from Africa. Methods: We performed a descriptive post-mortem examination study of inpatient COVID-19 related deaths at two hospitals in Lusaka, Zambia. Whole-body autopsies were conducted according to Standard Operating Procedures. Gross and histopathological examinations of all organs were performed. Patient demographics, history, co-morbidities, autopsy gross and microscopic findings, and cause(s) of death were recorded and analyzed using STATA version 14. Variables were grouped and presented as frequencies and percentages. Findings: Autopsies were performed on 29 decedents (mean age = 44 ± 15.8years; age range = 19-82; 17/29 [58.8%] males). 22/29 [75.9%] cases were <55 years of age. A spectrum of pathological manifestations of COVID-19 were seen in all organs. The commonest causes of death were pulmonary thromboembolism (13/29, 45%), Diffuse Alveolar Damage (9/29, 31%), and COVID-19 pneumonia (7/29, 25%). 22/29 (76%) had co-morbidities. Common co-morbidities included HIV (8/29, 28%), Hypertension (6/29, 20%) Tuberculosis (3/29, 10%), Diabetes (3/29, 10%). Conclusions: A spectrum of gross anatomical and histopathological findings are seen in COVID-19 deaths in hospitalized decedents. These appear broadly similar to those reported from China, Europe and USA. Differences include a younger age group, and co-morbidities of HIV and TB co-infection which require further investigation.
Risk factors for venous thromboembolism and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease: Do they differ in patients with rheumatoid arthritis?; Objective Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is an increasing concern in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) with little known about risk factors. We aimed to compare risk factors for unprovoked VTE and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in patients with RA and to assess subsequent ASCVD risk after an unprovoked VTE. Methods People with RA participating in a US-wide longitudinal observational registry from 1998 to 2018 were assessed for incident unprovoked VTE (deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary emboli not associated with cancer, recent surgery, hospitalisation, fracture and pregnancy) and ASCVD (myocardial infarction and stroke) validated from hospital/death records. Risk factors for VTE and ASCVD and the risk of ASCVD after an unprovoked VTE were determined using Cox proportional hazards models. Results During median (IQR) 4 (1.5-7) years of follow-up in 31 366 patients with RA, 539 unprovoked VTE and 1648 ASCVD events were identified. The adjusted models showed increased VTE and ASCVD risk with older age, male sex, comorbidities, prior fracture, worse disability, higher disease activity and glucocorticoids. Traditional cardiovascular disease risk factors were common in both ASCVD and VTE but only increased ASCVD risk with obesity as the exception (VTE HR (95% CI), 1.46 (1.13-1.87)) and ASCVD, 0.58 (0.50-0.68)). ASCVD risk doubled after an unprovoked VTE (HR (95% CI), 2.05 (1.43-2.95)). Conclusion Our findings suggest that unprovoked VTE is mediated by inflammation of RA and may be considered a spectrum of pan-cardiovascular syndrome.
Venous thromboembolism risk and prophylaxis in hospitalized obstetric patients at a tertiary hospital in Accra, Ghana: A comparative cross-sectional study; Objective: To determine the prevalence of venous thromboembolism risk and thromboprophylaxis among obstetric inpatients, comparing prenatal and postnatal women. Methods: We assessed 546 obstetric inpatients at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital for the prevalence study. Out of this number, 223 were recruited, comprising 111 prenatal and 112 postnatal mothers. A structured interviewer-administered questionnaire was used to obtain data on participants’ venous thromboembolism risk, which was categorized into high, intermediate, and low using the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists guidelines. Data on thromboprophylaxis were also obtained and analyzed. Values were considered statistically significant at p < 0.05. Results: Overall venous thromboembolism risk among the study population was 82/223 (36.8%). All patients at high risk were prenatal, 59/112 (52.7%) of postnatal mothers were at intermediate risk, compared with 20/111 (18.0%) of prenatal women (p < 0.001). Prevalence of thromboprophylaxis was 5/82 (6.1%). All prenatal high-risk patients received thromboprophylaxis, whereas only 2/20 (10.0%) of women with intermediate risk received thromboprophylaxis. The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 3/546 (0.6%) in the obstetric inpatients. Conclusion: Our study found a high prevalence of venous thromboembolism risk among obstetric inpatients at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital. However, thromboprophylaxis was low. Further research is needed to audit recent practice of thromboprophylaxis and perinatal outcome.
The deleterious effects of COVID-19 in the peripartum period: A case report; While the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic continues to wreak havoc across the nation and the globe as one of the most significant global health crises of our time, recent attention has been turned to the effects of COVID-19 on pregnancy and the puerperium. Although most cases have been asymptomatic, for some patients, the disease may be accompanied by serious complications such as pneumonia, acute respiratory distress, multi organ failure, and death. Several case studies have noted that patients with co-morbidities are at a significant risk of these complications. In a recent systematic review and meta-analysis, authors conclude that cardiovascular disease was associated with increased composite poor outcome in patients with COVID-19. The following case report highlights the multi-system complications and severity of symptoms that can take place after childbirth in a patient with co-morbid obstetric and prenatal conditions and an initially asymptomatic COVID-19 infection.
Interferon alpha for essential thrombocythemia during 34 high-risk pregnancies: outcome and safety; Purpose: Pregnancies in women with essential thrombocythemia (ET) are at a higher risk for obstetrical complications. Acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and low-molecular weight heparin (LMWH) are common options to prevent miscarriages and maternal complications, whereas interferon alpha (IFN) seems to be the cytoreductive therapy of choice. This retrospective study analyzes the largest number of IFN pregnancies to date in terms of outcome and safety. Methods: Data of 34 high-risk pregnancies in 23 women presenting at the University hospitals of Minden and Jena from 01-Jun-2007 to 01-Jun-2020 were collected. Reasons defining high-risk ET pregnancy in all 23 patients were: Thrombosis (n = 9) or severe hemorrhage (n = 2) in history, platelet count ≥ 1500 × 103/µl (n = 8) or severe microcirculatory disturbances not completely responding to ASA (n = 4). Results: Without the use of IFN, live birth rate was 60% (6/10), however, after the use of IFN live birth rate increased to 73.5% (25/34 pregnancies). Nine pregnancies ended in miscarriages (9/34; 26.5%); all of them spontaneous abortions. Live birth rate significantly improved with ASA (90% versus 50%, p = 0.0168), however, if ASA and LMWH was added (n = 14), live birth rate was 100%. IFN compound (PEGylated versus standard IFN) and JAK2-driver mutation had no impact on pregnancy outcome. One major maternal complication occurred as a major peripartal bleeding after abortion curettage. Conclusion: IFN was associated with an encouraging live birth rate of 73.5% with no fatal maternal events and manageable side effects.
Aortic Thrombus in a Nonaneurysmal Ascending Aorta; Background: Ascending aortic thrombus (AAT) in a nonaneurysmal aorta is an extremely rare event and has potentially catastrophic complications, with a life-threatening risk of myocardial infarction and cerebral embolization. This systematic review aims to elucidate the clinical manifestations and to compare the outcomes of anticoagulation therapy versus open aortic surgery for AAT. Methods: The MEDLINE/PubMed databases were extensively searched between 1995 and 2019. All relevant publications on AAT in adults were reviewed, and individual patient data were pooled in this meta-analysis. The primary outcome was AAT resolution. The adverse outcome variables were recurrent arterial embolic events, complications related to open aortic surgery, and mortality during the study period. Chi-squared test and logistic regression analysis were used to compare groups and identify any predictors of mortality. Results: Overall, 107 patients from 101 articles were included, of whom 29 patients who received anticoagulation therapy and 59 who underwent open aortic surgery were included in the outcome analysis. Among 29 patients treated with initial anticoagulation therapy, the persistence of AAT was observed in 11 patients (38%) and recurrent arterial embolization was developed in 6 patients (21%). All 11 patients in the anticoagulation group underwent secondary aortic surgery for the persistence of AAT with uneventful postoperative course. Compared with patients treated with primary aortic surgery, patients treated with initial anticoagulation therapy had higher risk of recurrent embolization (P = 0.002). No significant difference existed in the mortality rates between the groups (P = 0.106). Hemodynamic instability was an independent predictor of mortality (P = 0.008). Conclusions: Anticoagulation therapy and open aortic surgery for AAT show similar results; however, open aortic surgery reliably removes AAT and reduces the risk of recurrent embolization compared with anticoagulation therapy. Furthermore, the preoperative hemodynamic status significantly influences the clinical outcome and is a strong predictor of prognosis.
Erythrocytosis, embolism in a woman with antiphospholipid antibodies: A diagnostic challenge; Systemic thromboembolism, along with acute multiorgan failure, should raise clinical suspicion for CAPS. Timely management, even in suspected cases, can have a significant impact on mortality.
Early and late post-operative complications are related to preoperative bodymass index and surgical technique of obese bariatric patients?; Purpose: Obesity has complex and multifactorial etiology, resulting from the interaction of genes, environmental and emotional factors. Bariatric surgery is a treatment modality for obesity and benefits in the clinical management of comorbidities, and its effectiveness confirmed by several studies. However, early or late post-operative complications this surgery influence on clinical outcomes. This study purpose to evaluate the relationship between early and late post-operative complications of bariatric surgery with surgical techniques, comorbidities and body mass index (BMI) in obese patients. Methods: Retrospective cohort study with 412 patients from a tertiary hospital in Porto Alegre/Brazil, with approval by the local Ethics Committee. Patients of both genders, over the age of 15 years who underwent bariatric surgery between 2013 to 2016 were included. Pregnant patients, duplicate or incomplete data were excluded. Data on gender, age, surgical technique, preoperative body mass index, length of stay, admission to the intensive care unit (ICU), preoperative comorbidities and post-operative complications early (< 30 days) and late (> 30 days and < 1 year) were collected. Data presented as mean and standard deviation or percentage and frequency according to variable. To evaluate the association of early or late post-operative complications with other collected variables we used the Chi-Square test. The level of significance was 5%. Results: Of the 412 patients, 2were excluded to duplicity, 7 to pregnancy and 57 to incomplete data, totaling 346 patients. The sample consisted of 76.3% (n = 264) women with mean age 36.71 ± 9.48 years, mean preoperative BMI 44.13 ± 8.62 kg /m2 and 63.6% (n = 220) were obese grade III /morbid. Roux-en-Y gastric bypass bariatric surgical technique was performed in 77.7% (n = 269 / n = 341) and 93.1% (n = 322 / n = 335) of these surgeries by video. The average time of hospitalization was 4.98 ± 1.39 days and 6.9% (n = 24) admitted to ICU. The preoperative comorbidities, 15.3% (n = 53) were diabetic, 40.5% (n = 140) were hypertensive and 35% (n= 121) were dyslipidemic. Early and late post-operative complications occurred in 14.7% of bariatric surgeries, with 6.9% (n = 24 / n = 338) of patients presenting early complications in the early post-operative, of these 2.0% (n = 7) stenosis, 1.4% (n = 5) atelectasis, 0.6% (n = 2) deep venous thrombosis and 0.6% (n = 2) hemorrhage. Late complications in postoperative occurred in 7.8% (n = 27 / n = 333) of patients, is emphasized 3.8% (n = 13) delayed gastric stenosis and 0.9% (n = 3) ulcer peptic. Early post-operative complications were significantly associated with bypass technique (p = 0.046) and the ICU (p < 0.001). There was no significant association between the late post-operative complications and classification of preoperative BMI (p = 0.638), diabetes (p = 0.570), hypertension (p = 0.486), dyslipidemia (p = 0.189), surgical technique (p = 0.061) and ICU (p = 0.973). Conclusion: Early post-operative complications were associated with gastric bypass technique and the need for ICU admission. However, there was no relationship between late post-operative complications and preoperative BMI or with the surgical technique.
Diagnostic value of neutrophil lymphocyte ratio and D-Dimer as biological markers of deep vein thrombosis in patients presenting with unilateral limb edema; Introduction: Patients with deep vein thrombosis (DVT) pose high morbidity and mortality risk thus needing fast and accurate diagnosis. Wells clinical prediction scores with D-dimer testing are traditionally used to rule out patients with low probability of DVT. However, D-dimer testing has a few limitations regarding its relatively low specificity. Neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), a marker of inflammation, was found to increase in DVT. Hence, we aimed to evaluate the role of NLR for DVT diagnosis. Methods: Data were collected from medical records of patients with suspected DVT at Cipto Mangunkusumo National General Hospital during January-December 2014. Diagnosis of DVT was conducted using lower limb ultrasonography. Diagnostic values for NLR, D-dimer, and NLR + D-dimer were determined by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis to obtain area under the curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value, and positive predictive values. Sensitivity and specificity analyses of NLR and D-dimer were also conducted based on Wells score and divided into groups of low and high probability of DVT. Results: The AUC values for NLR, D-dimer, and NLR + D-dimer were 72.6%, 70.4%, and 76.1%, respectively. The optimal cut-off value determined for NLR was 5.12 with sensitivity of 67.7%, specificity of 67.9%, PPV of 68.85%, and NPV of 64.91% in differentiating subjects with and without DVT. This study also found that D-dimer had sensitivity of 69.4%, specificity of 71.4%, PPV of 72.88%, and NPV of 67.8%. Meanwhile, the NLR + D-dimer combination had sensitivity of 66.1% and specificity of 72.6%. Multivariate analysis showed that NLR (OR: 2.636; 95% CI: 1.144-6.076; p: 0.023) and D-dimer (OR: 4.175; 95% CI: 1.810-9.633; p: 0.001) were associated with DVT. Conclusion: NLR value has wider AUC than D-Dimer and is relatively easier to obtain and does not require specific assay, thus enabling rapid evaluation of symptomatic patients suspected of having DVT. Adding NLR to D-dimer increased AUC to detect DVT. Therefore, NLR could serve as a complementary diagnostic tool for D-dimer to exclude DVT, especially in low clinical probability patients.
Application of the RCOG risk assessment model for evaluating postpartum venous thromboembolism in chinese women: A case-control study; Background: Since China has not yet constructed its own risk assessment model (RAM) for pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism (VTE), more and more hospitals use the RCOG RAM for VTE risk prediction. However, the RCOG RAM was established based on Western populations, and its applicability in China is still uncertain. Thus, we aimed to evaluate the validity of the RCOG RAM in predicting postpartum VTE in Chinese maternity. Material/Methods: This retrospective case-control study was conducted at the International Peace Maternity and Child Health Hospital (IPMCHH) from June 2016 to June 2020. The VTE group consisted of 38 women with postpartum VTE. For each VTE patient, 4 women without VTE who gave birth on the same day were randomly selected as the control group (n=152). The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration curve, and decision curve analysis (DCA) were used to evaluate the discrimination, accuracy, and validity of the RCOG RAM. Univariable analysis and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used to identify other related factors for postpartum VTE. Results: Compared with the low-risk group, the risk of VTE was 9.75-fold greater in the intermediate-risk group, and 90.00-fold greater in the high-risk group. The area under curve (AUC) of the model was 0.828 (95% CI: 0.762-0.894), with a score of 2 as its best cut-off value, which exactly matched the criterion recommended by the RCOG guidelines for pharmacological thromboprophylaxis. The calibration curves and DCA of the model also showed good accuracy. In addition to the factors included in the RCOG RAM, glucocorticoid therapy during pregnancy (adjusted OR=6.72, 95% CI: 1.56-28.91) and previous use of IUD (adjusted OR=7.11, 95% CI: 1.45-34.93) were associated with increased risk of postpartum VTE. Conclusions: The RCOG RAM was found to be effective in predicting postpartum VTE, and has certain guiding significance for postpartum thromboprophylaxis in China.
To Assess the Factors Playing Role in Development and Outcome of Venous System Thrombosis; Background: Age and sex, obesity >30 Kg/m2 increased the risk of thrombosis two-fold. The present study was conducted to assess the factors playing role in development and outcome of venous system thrombosis. Materials& Methods: A prospective observational cohort study design was adopted to assess the factors playing role in development and outcome of venous system thrombosis. The study was conducted among 100 patients. Various invasive and noninvasive radiological investigations and hematological investigations were done. Results: Of total 30 patients of CVST, 20 patients presented with headache and 10 patients had no headache which shows that 66% patients had headache. Out of 43 females, 55% cases were pregnant or in puerperium which was observed as major risk factor for development of venous thrombosis at various anatomical sites. Also, maximum patients had CVST as most common site of thrombosis in pregnancy and puerperium. In our study headache was most common symptom of CVT followed by nausea and vomiting. In DVT swelling and pain over affected limb was the most common symptom as it was observed in 49 among the 50 patients. For PVT pain abdomen and blood in vomitus and/or stool was most common symptom. Chest pain was observed in 11 patients of which 6 had DVT+PTE 2 had PTE and SVT and rest 1 patient had subclavian vein thrombosis. Among male patients, major risk factors for venous thrombosis is diabetes mellitus and smoking. Conclusion: The present study concluded that of a total of 30 patients of CVST, 20 patients were presented with headache. Out of 43 females, 55% cases were pregnant or in puerperium which was observed as major risk factor for development of venous thrombosis at various anatomical sites. Among male patients, major risk factors for venous thrombosis are diabetes mellitus and smoking.
Catastrophic antiphospholipid antibody syndrome; LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: The unique characteristics of Catastrophic Antiphospholipid Syndrome (CAPS) are rapid onset thrombosis resulting in multiple organ dysfunction, common association with other thrombotic microangipathies, high risk of systemic inflammatory response syndrome, unusual organ involvement, and high mortality rate despite optimal therapy LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: Newer therapies as rituximab and eculizumab may be options but need further study. CASE: Our patient was a 44 year old man with known history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, chronic thrombocytopenia, and autism admitted for right sided weakness. He was diagnosed with acute ischemic stroke, treated for it, and transferred to acute rehabilitation facility. He developed abdominal pain and distention during the rehabilitation facility stay. Imaging of the abdomen revealed emboli in pulmonary arteries, superior mesenteric artery, splenic artery, and he was started on unfractionated heparin. Repeat abdominal imaging showed thickening of small bowel in right abdomen concerning for intramural hemorrhage and large territory splenic infarction. He underwent exploratory laparotomy for bowel ischemia secondary to thrombosis. He further developed lower extremity venous thrombus as well. Transthoracic echocardiogram revealed a patent foramen ovale. He tested positive for anticardiolipin antibodies and was started on plasma exchange along with Solumedrol for CAPS. The anticoagulation therapy was transitioned from intravenous heparin to warfarin, with a goal INR of 2-3 and intravenous heparin was later discontinued. He was switched to oral prednisone and placed on an appropriately scheduled steroid taper. He was discharged once medically stable and was planned to follow up with hematology, Coumadin clinic, and general surgery for appropriate continuation of care. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is a multisystem autoimmune condition that is characterized by vascular thrombosis and, or pregnancy loss associated with persistently positive antiphospholipid antibodies (APLA). Catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome (CAPS) also known as Asherson's syndrome is the most severe form of APS with acute multiorgan involvement and is usually associated with micro thrombosis. CAPS has been defined as thrombosis in three or more organs, development of manifestations in less than a week, histological evidence of intravascular thrombosis, and APLA positivity on two occasions six week apart. If a patient has three out of four abovementioned criteria then they are probable CAPS as opposed to definite CAPS. Previous diagnosis of APS and persistently positive APLA is of significance for APS diagnosis but almost half of the patients with CAPS have no history of APLA positivity. All patients should be treated with anticoagulants, corticosteroids, and possibly plasma exchange. CONCLUSION: CAPS should be considered as a diagnostic possibility in patients with rapid onset thrombosis involving multiple organs and unusual organ involvement.
Clinical characteristics, Risk factors and treatment outcomes of venous thromboembolism among patients at Addis Cardiac Hospital and St Paul Hospital Millennium Medical College, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia; Background: Venous thromboembolism is the most common preventable cause of death worldwide including Ethiopia. However, its morbidity and mortality can be prevented through appropriate therapeutic and preventive measures based on well identified risk factors and high risk groups. To the contrary; the research based and updated data on the magnitude, risk factors and outcomes of venous thromboembolism are so scarce in Ethiopia. Objectives: is to assess clinical characteristics, risk factors and outcomes of VTE among patients at Addis Cardiac Hospital and St Paul Hospital Millennium Medical College. Methods: A hospital based retrospective record review was done at St Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College and Addis cardiac hospital. Data was collected from charts of 140 patients with final diagnosis of VTE who fulfilled the inclusion criteria after obtaining ethical clearance. The collected data was analyzed using SPSS, Version 24. Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression with 95% CI at P ≤ 0.05 was used to determine factors associated the treatment outcome of Venous Thromboembolism. Results: A total of 140 study participants included in the final analysis, about 97 (69.3%) were females. The mean age of participants was 40 with SD ±19.67 years. The majority of patients 75 (53.6%) had DVT, the rest being PE with or without DVT. Pregnancy/puerperium (28%), history of major surgery (23%), hospitalizations>3 days (13.6%), malignancy (10.7%) and HIV (7.1%) were the most common diseases seen with VTE. Heart failure (15.7%), Hypertension (12.1%), and Diabetes (7.1%) were the most common comorbidities. 18(13%) of patients died. Malignancy (AOR=5.6, 95%CI: 1.32,24.0), hospitalizations (AOR=4.75, 95%CI: 1.18-19.15) and acute infections or conditions (AOR=6.48, 95%CI: 1.94, 21.66) were associated with death. Conclusion and Recommendations: Venous Thromboembolism is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in Ethiopia. Almost all of VTE cases occurred in those with one or more risk factors, pregnancy/ puerperium being the most common and unusually high death was seen young females. Identifying high risk groups and providing appropriate preventive and therapeutic measures is important.
Clinical characteristics, risk factors and treatment outcomes of venous thromboembolism among patients at Addis cardiac Hospital and St Paul Hospital Millennium Medical College, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia; Background: Venous thromboembolism is the most common preventable cause of death worldwide including Ethiopia. However, its morbidity and mortality can be prevented through appropriate therapeutic and preventive measures based on well identified risk factors and high risk groups. To the contrary; the research based and updated data on the magnitude, risk factors and outcomes of venous thromboembolism are so scarce in Ethiopia. Objectives: is to assess clinical characteristics, risk factors and outcomes of VTE among patients at Addis Cardiac Hospital and St Paul Hospital Millennium Medical College. Methods: A hospital based retrospective record review was done at St Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College and Addis cardiac hospital. Data was collected from charts of 140 patients with final diagnosis of VTE who fulfilled the inclusion criteria after obtaining ethical clearance. The collected data was analyzed using SPSS, Version 24. Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression with 95% CI at P ≤ 0.05 was used to determine factors associated the treatment outcome of Venous Thromboembolism. Results: A total of 140 study participants included in the final analysis, about 97 (69.3%) were females. The mean age of participants was 40 with SD ±19.67 years. The majority of patients 75 (53.6%) had DVT, the restbeing PE with or without DVT.Pregnancy/puerperium (28%), history of major surgery (23%), hospitalizations>3 days (13.6%), malignancy (10.7%) and HIV (7.1%) were the most common diseases seen with VTE. Heart failure (15.7%), Hypertension (12.1%), and Diabetes (7.1%) were the most common comorbidities. 18(13%) of patients died. Malignancy (AOR=5.6, 95%CI: 1.32,24.0), hospitalizations (AOR=4.75, 95%CI: 1.18-19.15) and acute infections or conditions (AOR=6.48, 95%CI: 1.94, 21.66) were associated with death. Conclusion and Recommendations: Venous Thromboembolism is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in Ethiopia. Almost all of VTE cases occurred in those with one or more risk factors, pregnancy/ puerperium being the most common and unusually high death was seen young females. Identifying high risk groups and providing appropriate preventive and therapeutic measures is important.
Predictors of Maternal Morbidity Among Participants Enrolled in the Sickle Cell Disease Implementation Consortium Registry; Introduction Pregnancy in sickle cell disease (SCD) is associated with an exacerbation of SCD-related complications and an increased risk of maternal complications. The increased risk is partly due to physiologic adaptations in pregnancy, which include increased metabolic demands and a hypercoagulable state. The maternal death rate for SCD is 629 per 100,000 deliveries, compared to 12 per 100,000 deliveries in black women and 6 per 100,000 deliveries in the general population (Raider et al., 2016). Studies on maternal and perinatal outcomes of patients with SCD present inconsistent and conflicting results. Some studies have reported an increase in maternal complications such as pre-eclampsia, acute chest syndrome and thromboembolic events, while other studies have reported no significant risk in adverse maternal outcomes. The inconsistent findings reported in prior studies may be attributed to small sample sizes and single-centered sites. Our study aims to determine the prevalence and predictors of maternal morbidity among participants enrolled in the SCD Implementation Consortium (SCDIC) registry, which is the largest, most geographically diverse SCD participant sample in the United States. Methods This cross-sectional study included women enrolled in the SCDIC registry who had at least one pregnancy event. The SCDIC is composed of eight academic SCD centers across the United States and one data-coordinating center. Participants were enrolled in the SCDIC registry if they were 18 to 45 years of age and had a confirmed diagnosis of SCD. Enrolled participants completed a series of surveys that collected sociodemographic information, SCD and pregnancy history and data abstractions of participants’ medical records was completed. Medical complications queried during pregnancy included: vaso-occlusive episodes, acute chest syndrome, blood transfusion requirement, preeclampsia, maternal diabetes and deep venous thrombosis. Descriptive analysis of sociodemographic, clinical and maternal characteristics was conducted. Bivariate analysis was performed using Chi-Square test, Mann-Whitney U test, t-test, and logistic regressions, as appropriate. A p-value of ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant for all analysis. Results The study sample included 743 women who had at least one pregnancy event, and a total of 1066 live births. Almost all women (96.3%) were African American, with a median age of 21 years (inter-quartile range of 19 to 23 years) at first birth. The majority had Hb SS SCD genotype (69.5%; 513 of the 738 with SCD genotype data). Of all reported pregnancies, participants did not use hydroxyurea during conception (78%), and pregnancy (84.5%). Only 2.7 % of the women reported using fertility drugs or assisted reproductive procedures. Seventy five percent of the pregnancies that ended in live births had maternal complications. The leading complications were vaso-occlusive episodes (61.2%), pregnancy requiring blood transfusion(s) (33.2%), preeclampsia (15.4%), deep venous thrombosis (5.6%) and acute chest syndrome (7.7%). When the pregnancies were stratified by SCD genotype, women with Hb SS had a higher occurrence of acute chest syndrome (63.4% vs. 26.7%), transfusion requirement (70.8% vs. 21%) and preeclampsia (66.7% vs 22.4%). In the univariate logistic regressions, multiparous women, with a history of adverse maternal outcomes in a previous pregnancy, had higher odds of vaso-occlusive episodes (OR: 3.42; 95% CI: 2.42-4.94) acute chest syndrome (OR:4.99; 95% CI:2.56- 9.48), transfusion requirement (OR:3.86; 95% CI:2.64- 5.69), and pre-eclampsia (OR:3.36; 95% CI:2.05-5.45). Conclusion In this large multicenter registry, we found pregnant women with SCD have significant maternal complications. Early antenatal care by healthcare providers knowledgeable about risk factors for adverse maternal outcomes in SCD is essential improve maternal and fetal outcomes and reduce the maternal death rate for SCD. Disclosures: Hankins: Novartis: Research Funding; Global Blood Therapeutics: Consultancy, Research Funding; MJH Life Sciences: Consultancy, Patents & Royalties; UptoDate: Consultancy; National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute: Honoraria, Research Funding; LINKS Incorporate Foundation: Research Funding; American Society of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology: Honoraria. Treadwell: Global Blood Therapeutics: Consultancy; UpToDate: Honoraria. King: Amphivena Therapeutics: Research Funding; Bioline: Consultancy; Celgene: Consultancy; Cell Works: Consultancy; Incyte: Consultancy; Magenta Therapeutics: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Novimmune: Research Funding; RiverVest: Consultancy; Tioma Therapuetics: Consultancy; WUGEN: Current equity holder in private company. Gordeuk: CSL Behring: Consultancy, Research Funding; Global Blood Therapeutics: Consultancy, Research Funding; Imara: Research Funding; Ironwood: Research Funding; Novartis: Consultancy. Kanter: SCDAA Medical and Research Advisory Board: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; AGIOS: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; BEAM: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Novartis: Consultancy; GLG: Honoraria; Jeffries: Honoraria; Cowen: Honoraria; Wells Fargo: Honoraria; NHLBI Sickle Cell Advisory Board: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Medscape: Honoraria; Guidepoint Global: Honoraria; bluebird bio, inc: Consultancy, Honoraria; Sanofi: Consultancy. Glassberg: Pfizer: Research Funding; Global Blood Therapeutics: Consultancy; Eli Lilly and Company: Research Funding. Shah: Novartis: Consultancy, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Alexion: Speakers Bureau; CSL Behring: Consultancy; Bluebird Bio: Consultancy; Global Blood Therapeutics: Consultancy, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau.
Venous Thromboembolism in Women with Uterine Fibroids; Background:Uterine fibroids, also called leiomyomas, are diagnosed in over two-third of females of reproductive age; about a quarter warrant treatment. Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a challenging complication in patients with fibroids due to the increased risk of bleeding with anticoagulation, especially in the setting of associated menorrhagia. The incidence of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is increased with higher uterine weight which may be related to the extrinsic venous compression of the iliac veins or the inferior vena cava. However, there is reported discordance between the site of uterine fibroid and the site of the DVT along with pulmonary embolism (PE) without evidence of lower extremity DVT suggesting an underlying hypercoagulable state that is more complex than mere hormonal and mechanical factors. Data regarding VTE in patients with uterine fibroids in the US is sparse and is limited to case reports. We performed a retrospective case control study to describe the rate and associated risk factors of VTE in patients with uterine fibroids. Objectives:Evaluate the incidence of VTE events in patients with uterine fibroids and explore trends and associations. Methods:A retrospective chart review of patients at our single, academic, DC metropolitan hospital was conducted. Patients were identified using electronic medical records via ICD-10 codes. Those seen as an inpatient or outpatient in our tertiary care fibroid center with a new diagnosis of uterine fibroids between January 1, 2015, and December 31, 2019 were included and compared to age matched controls of patients with uterine fibroids without VTE in a 1:2 ratio. Statistical analysis was reported as means and medians for descriptive data. Pearson's correlation was performed to determine associations. Results:A total of 6095 patients were diagnosed with uterine fibroids in 5 years, of which 2.2% (n=139) were found to have VTE after the diagnosis of uterine fibroid was made (see table 1). Of the patients with VTE, 88 had DVTs,63 had PE and 12 developed both DVT and PE. The mean age at diagnosis of VTE was 54 (SD=14.95) years. The majority of the patients in the VTE group were African Americans (86%) and mean BMI was 34.52 (SD =9.53), of which about 2/3 were obese or morbidly obese. Average weight of fibroid(s) for those who underwent surgical resection who had available records was noted to be 321 grams (n=11). Data regarding anticoagulation was available for 78% of the patients; the anticoagulant of choice being enoxaparin in 59%, warfarin in 9% and DOACs in 10% of the patients. Two Hundred and thirty-six age matched controls were identified. Statistically significant associations with BMI, race and comorbidities (including atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure, diabetes, hypertension, HIV, pregnancy and cancer) were found in cases when compared to the control population. Furthermore, cases were found to have a lower mean hemoglobin (10.4 mg/dL) and higher platelet count (311,000/microL) which were statistically significant (p=0.0003). The use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and iron supplementation was significantly more in cases than controls. D-dimer and ferritin levels seemed to trend higher and iron saturation lower in cases than controls but were not found to be statistically significant. Conclusions:VTE was found in 2.2% of patients with uterine fibroids, which is higher than the reported VTE incidence of 1-2 per 1000 in the general population. A significant association was found with race, which is consistent with literature that suggests African American patients have a higher rate of incident VTE and also comorbid conditions. Women with low hemoglobin and higher platelet count were more likely to experience VTE. The next steps include understanding more associations, laboratory and clinical, that will assist in risk stratification and tailoring management. Future prospective studies to recognize biomarkers that contribute the hypercoagulable state of uterine fibroids is warranted. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Morozov:Medtronic:Consultancy;Lumenis:Speakers Bureau;AbbVie:Speakers Bureau.Fitzpatrick:Pfizer:Honoraria.
Predictors of maternal morbidity among participants enrolled in the sickle cell disease implementation consortium registry; Introduction Pregnancy in sickle cell disease (SCD) is associated with an exacerbation of SCD-related complications and an increased risk of maternal complications. The increased risk is partly due to physiologic adaptations in pregnancy, which include increased metabolic demands and a hypercoagulable state. The maternal death rate for SCD is 629 per 100,000 deliveries, compared to 12 per 100,000 deliveries in black women and 6 per 100,000 deliveries in the general population (Raider et al., 2016). Studies on maternal and perinatal outcomes of patients with SCD present inconsistent and conflicting results. Some studies have reported an increase in maternal complications such as pre-eclampsia, acute chest syndrome and thromboembolic events, while other studies have reported no significant risk in adverse maternal outcomes. The inconsistent findings reported in prior studies may be attributed to small sample sizes and single-centered sites. Our study aims to determine the prevalence and predictors of maternal morbidity among participants enrolled in the SCD Implementation Consortium (SCDIC) registry, which is the largest, most geographically diverse SCD participant sample in the United States. Methods This cross-sectional study included women enrolled in the SCDIC registry who had at least one pregnancy event. The SCDIC is composed of eight academic SCD centers across the United States and one data-coordinating center. Participants were enrolled in the SCDIC registry if they were 18 to 45 years of age and had a confirmed diagnosis of SCD. Enrolled participants completed a series of surveys that collected sociodemographic information, SCD and pregnancy history and data abstractions of participants' medical records was completed. Medical complications queried during pregnancy included: vaso-occlusive episodes, acute chest syndrome, blood transfusion requirement, preeclampsia, maternal diabetes and deep venous thrombosis. Descriptive analysis of sociodemographic, clinical and maternal characteristics was conducted. Bivariate analysis was performed using Chi-Square test, Mann-Whitney U test, t-test, and logistic regressions, as appropriate. A p-value of ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant for all analysis. Results The study sample included 743 women who had at least one pregnancy event, and a total of 1066 live births. Almost all women (96.3%) were African American, with a median age of 21 years (inter-quartile range of 19 to 23 years) at first birth. The majority had Hb SS SCD genotype (69.5%; 513 of the 738 with SCD genotype data). Of all reported pregnancies, participants did not use hydroxyurea during conception (78%), and pregnancy (84.5%). Only 2.7 % of the women reported using fertility drugs or assisted reproductive procedures. Seventy five percent of the pregnancies that ended in live births had maternal complications. The leading complications were vaso-occlusive episodes (61.2%), pregnancy requiring blood transfusion(s) (33.2%), preeclampsia (15.4%), deep venous thrombosis (5.6%) and acute chest syndrome (7.7%). When the pregnancies were stratified by SCD genotype, women with Hb SS had a higher occurrence of acute chest syndrome (63.4% vs. 26.7%), transfusion requirement (70.8% vs. 21%) and preeclampsia (66.7% vs 22.4%). In the univariate logistic regressions, multiparous women, with a history of adverse maternal outcomes in a previous pregnancy, had higher odds of vaso-occlusive episodes (OR: 3.42; 95% CI: 2.42-4.94) acute chest syndrome (OR:4.99; 95% CI:2.56- 9.48), transfusion requirement (OR:3.86; 95% CI:2.64- 5.69), and pre-eclampsia (OR:3.36; 95% CI:2.05-5.45). Conclusion In this large multicenter registry, we found pregnant women with SCD have significant maternal complications. Early antenatal care by healthcare providers knowledgeable about risk factors for adverse maternal outcomes in SCD is essential improve maternal and fetal outcomes and reduce the maternal death rate for SCD.
Venous thromboembolism in women with uterine fibroids; Background:Uterine fibroids, also called leiomyomas, are diagnosed in over two-third of females of reproductive age; about a quarter warrant treatment. Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a challenging complication in patients with fibroids due to the increased risk of bleeding with anticoagulation, especially in the setting of associated menorrhagia. The incidence of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is increased with higher uterine weight which may be related to the extrinsic venous compression of the iliac veins or the inferior vena cava. However, there is reported discordance between the site of uterine fibroid and the site of the DVT along with pulmonary embolism (PE) without evidence of lower extremity DVT suggesting an underlying hypercoagulable state that is more complex than mere hormonal and mechanical factors. Data regarding VTE in patients with uterine fibroids in the US is sparse and is limited to case reports. We performed a retrospective case control study to describe the rate and associated risk factors of VTE in patients with uterine fibroids. Objectives:Evaluate the incidence of VTE events in patients with uterine fibroids and explore trends and associations. Methods:A retrospective chart review of patients at our single, academic, DC metropolitan hospital was conducted. Patients were identified using electronic medical records via ICD-10 codes. Those seen as an inpatient or outpatient in our tertiary care fibroid center with a new diagnosis of uterine fibroids between January 1, 2015, and December 31, 2019 were included and compared to age matched controls of patients with uterine fibroids without VTE in a 1:2 ratio. Statistical analysis was reported as means and medians for descriptive data. Pearson's correlation was performed to determine associations. Results:A total of 6095 patients were diagnosed with uterine fibroids in 5 years, of which 2.2% (n=139) were found to have VTE after the diagnosis of uterine fibroid was made (see table 1). Of the patients with VTE, 88 had DVTs,63 had PE and 12 developed both DVT and PE. The mean age at diagnosis of VTE was 54 (SD=14.95) years. The majority of the patients in the VTE group were African Americans (86%) and mean BMI was 34.52 (SD =9.53), of which about 2/3 were obese or morbidly obese. Average weight of fibroid(s) for those who underwent surgical resection who had available records was noted to be 321 grams (n=11). Data regarding anticoagulation was available for 78% of the patients; the anticoagulant of choice being enoxaparin in 59%, warfarin in 9% and DOACs in 10% of the patients. Two Hundred and thirty-six age matched controls were identified. Statistically significant associations with BMI, race and comorbidities (including atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure, diabetes, hypertension, HIV, pregnancy and cancer) were found in cases when compared to the control population. Furthermore, cases were found to have a lower mean hemoglobin (10.4 mg/dL) and higher platelet count (311,000/microL) which were statistically significant (p=0.0003). The use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and iron supplementation was significantly more in cases than controls. D-dimer and ferritin levels seemed to trend higher and iron saturation lower in cases than controls but were not found to be statistically significant. Conclusions:VTE was found in 2.2% of patients with uterine fibroids, which is higher than the reported VTE incidence of 1-2 per 1000 in the general population. A significant association was found with race, which is consistent with literature that suggests African American patients have a higher rate of incident VTE and also comorbid conditions. Women with low hemoglobin and higher platelet count were more likely to experience VTE. The next steps include understanding more associations, laboratory and clinical, that will assist in risk stratification and tailoring management. Future prospective studies to recognize biomarkers that contribute the hypercoagulable state of uterine fibroids is warranted.
Vascular repairs in gynecologic operations are uncommon but predict major morbidity and mortality; Objective: Gynecologic surgery has potential for adjunct vascular interventions, given the proximity of major intra-abdominal and pelvic blood vessels. Our goal was to determine contemporary incidence, associations, and outcomes of vascular repairs in gynecologic operations. Methods: The American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Program database (2005-2017) was queried for patients undergoing elective gynecologic operations. Vascular repairs were performed concurrently or during reoperation. Univariable and multivariable analyses evaluated associations with vascular repairs and 30-day morbidity. Results: A total of 201,224 gynecologic operations were identified: hysterectomy (88.3%), myomectomy (5.9%), adnexal surgery (3.5%), vulvovaginectomy/other (1.1%), nonadnexal tumor or cyst excision (0.5%), ectopic pregnancy treatment (0.4%), and pelvic lymphadenectomy (0.3%). There were 187 vascular repairs in 176 (0.09%) patients. Repairs were typically concurrent (89.8%) and most commonly included open abdominal blood vessel repair (51.8%), major abdominal artery ligation (25%), vena cava reconstruction/ligation (6%), common iliac vein ligation (4.2%), and aorta/great vessel repair (4.2%). A minority were performed endovascularly (1.7%). Patients undergoing vascular repairs were older (56 vs 46 years), were more likely to have an open vs minimally invasive/vaginal operation (71.6% vs 28.4%), and were more likely to have a hysterectomy (85.2%; P <.001 for all). In multivariable analysis, vascular repairs were observed more often with hysterectomy (odds ratio [OR]; 7.63, 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.28-25.55; P =.001) and open vs minimally invasive/vaginal operations (OR, 5.24; 95% CI, 2.64-10.42; P <.001). Vascular repairs were also more common for patients with malignant disease (OR, 2.84; 95% CI, 1.78-4.53; P <.001), patients assigned to American Society of Anesthesiologists class 3 or class 4 (OR, 1.85; CI, 1.36-2.53; P =.002), and patients without obesity (OR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.08-1.96; P =.014). Vascular repairs independently predicted major morbidity and mortality (OR, 7.26; 95% CI, 5.26-10.03; P <.001) after adjustment for open operative approach, American Society of Anesthesiologists class 3 or class 4, and hysterectomy. Conclusions: Whereas vascular repairs during gynecologic operations are rare, they are associated with morbidity and mortality. These findings provide an evidence base for risk assessment and informed consent.
From Animal Poisons and Venoms to Medicines: Achievements, Challenges and Perspectives in Drug Discovery; Animal poisons and venoms are comprised of different classes of molecules displaying wide-ranging pharmacological activities. This review aims to provide an in-depth view of toxin-based compounds from terrestrial and marine organisms used as diagnostic tools, experimental molecules to validate postulated therapeutic targets, drug libraries, prototypes for the design of drugs, cosmeceuticals, and therapeutic agents. However, making these molecules applicable requires extensive preclinical trials, with some applications also demanding clinical trials, in order to validate their molecular target, mechanism of action, effective dose, potential adverse effects, as well as other fundamental parameters. Here we go through the pitfalls for a toxin-based potential therapeutic drug to become eligible for clinical trials and marketing. The manuscript also presents an overview of the current picture for several molecules from different animal venoms and poisons (such as those from amphibians, cone snails, hymenopterans, scorpions, sea anemones, snakes, spiders, tetraodontiformes, bats, and shrews) that have been used in clinical trials. Advances and perspectives on the therapeutic potential of molecules from other underexploited animals, such as caterpillars and ticks, are also reported. The challenges faced during the lengthy and costly preclinical and clinical studies and how to overcome these hindrances are also discussed for that drug candidates going to the bedside. It covers most of the drugs developed using toxins, the molecules that have failed and those that are currently in clinical trials. The article presents a detailed overview of toxins that have been used as therapeutic agents, including their discovery, formulation, dosage, indications, main adverse effects, and pregnancy and breastfeeding prescription warnings. Toxins in diagnosis, as well as cosmeceuticals and atypical therapies (bee venom and leech therapies) are also reported. The level of cumulative and detailed information provided in this review may help pharmacists, physicians, biotechnologists, pharmacologists, and scientists interested in toxinology, drug discovery, and development of toxin-based products.
Frequency of factor V leiden and prothrombin G20210A mutations in sudanese patients with deep vein thrombosis in Khartoum Hospitals; Background: Factor V Leiden (FVL) and prothrombin (PT) G20210A mutations play a crucial role in the development of deep vein thrombosis (DVT). Aim: To determine the frequency of factor V Leiden and PT G20210A polymorphisms in Sudanese patients with DVT and the associated risks. Methods: The current study was a hospital-based case-control survey, a total of 233 Sudanese subjects were enrolled within two groups: a patient group of 126 admitted with DVT and 107 age/gender-matched healthy control group. Results: Possible risk factors for DVT were found as a family history of thrombosis, hypertension, diabetes, smocking habitat, cardiac disease, and pregnancy. Heterozygous mutations of FVL was detected in one case (0.8%), and none of the studied subjects had PT G20210A mutation. Conclusion: The current study suggests the presence of FVL and PT G20210A among patients with DVT. Further studies should be conducted to determine the prevalence of FVL and PTG 20210A mutations in a larger cohort.
Coronavirus Disease 2019 in a Premature Infant: Vertical Transmission and Antibody Response or Lack Thereof; With the global spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, several reports highlight its effects on pregnant women. Based on scant available data, vertical transmission is considered unlikely. We present here a preterm neonate born to a critically ill mother with SARV-CoV-2 with early evidence of infection with a positive reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction on day 1. Lack of parental contact prior to testing and strict adherence to recommended airborne precautions perinatally suggest vertical transmission of infection. Critical maternal illness and medications may have contributed to the need for extensive resuscitation at birth and highlight the importance of close fetal monitoring. Infant lacked immunoglobulin G antibody response by 3 weeks, presumably secondary to mild clinical course and prematurity. Effects of SARS-CoV-2 in preterm infants, their antibody response and potential for asymptomatic carriage remain uncertain.
Catastrophic antiphospholipid antibody syndrome; LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: The unique characteristics of Catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome (CAPS) are rapid onset thrombosis resulting in multiple organ dysfunction, common association with other thrombotic microangipathies, high risk of systemic inflammatory response syndrome, unusual organ involvement, and high mortality rate despite optimal therapy CASE: Our patient was a 44 year old man with known history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, chronic thrombocytopenia, and autism, admitted for right sided weakness. He was diagnosed with acute ischemic stroke, treated for it, and transferred to acute rehabilitation facility. He developed abdominal pain and distention during the rehabilitation facility stay. Imaging of the abdomen revealed emboli in pulmonary arteries, superior mesenteric artery, splenic artery, and he was started on unfractionated heparin. Repeat abdominal imaging showed thickening of small bowel in right abdomen concerning for intramural hemorrhage and large territory splenic infarction. He underwent exploratory laparotomy for bowel ischemia secondary to thrombosis. He further developed lower extremity venous thrombus as well. Transthoracic echocardiogram revealed a patent foramen ovale. He tested positive for anticardiolipin antibodies and was started on plasma exchange along with Solumedrol for CAPS. The anticoagulation therapy was transitioned from intravenous heparin to warfarin, with a goal INR of 2-3 and intravenous heparin was later discontinued. He was switched to oral prednisone and placed on an appropriately scheduled steroid taper. He was discharged once medically stable and was planned to follow up with hematology, Coumadin clinic, and general surgery for appropriate continuation of care. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is a multisystem autoimmune condition that is characterized by vascular thrombosis and, or pregnancy loss associated with persistently positive antiphospholipid antibodies (APLA). Catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome (CAPS) also known as Asherson's syndrome is the most severe form of APS with acute multiorgan involvement and is usually associated with micro thrombosis. CAPS has been defined as thrombosis in three or more organs developing in less than a week, micro thrombosis in at least one organ and persistent APLA positivity. If a patient has three out of four abovementioned criteria then they are probable CAPS as opposed to definite CAPS. Previous diagnosis of APS and persistently positive APLA is of significance for APS diagnosis but almost half of the patients with CAPS have no history of APLA positivity. All patients should be treated with anticoagulants, corticosteroids, and possibly plasma exchange. Newer therapies as rituximab and eculizumab may be options but need further study. CONCLUSION: CAPS should be considered as a diagnostic possibility in patients with rapid onset thrombosis involving multiple organs and unusual organ involvement.
Atrial septal aneurysm in pregnancy: Echocardiography and obstetric outcomes; Atrial septal aneurysm (ASA) is an uncommon cardiac anomaly that increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy. ASA is related to atrial arrhythmia thromboembolism and it may accompany congenital anomalies such as an atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (PFO). There are no studies examining pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with ASA. We aimed to investigate the cardiologic parameters and obstetric outcomes of pregnant women diagnosed with ASA. This prospective cohort study analyzed 45 pregnant women diagnosed with ASA, who continued their follow-ups in an obstetric tertiary care center. A total of 45 pregnant women were recruited; seven pregnancies ended before the 20th gestational week (six spontaneous abortion, one fetal anomaly), 38 women gave birth. In total, there were 32 term births (≥37 weeks), six preterm births (<37 weeks), two extremely preterm births <28 weeks). Among 38 babies delivered, several obstetrical complications such as oligohydramnios, spontaneous preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developed in 16 patients, while 22 women ended with term pregnancy without any complications. Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) developed in one patient. ASA may have an increased risk for cardiac complications during pregnancy and may also be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Increased attention to these entities with more studies is needed in order to determine a potential risk for pregnant women.
Association between venous thromboembolism and acute pancreatitis: An analysis from the nationwide inpatient sample; Background and Aims: Acute inflammation of the pancreas may trigger a systemic inflammatory response and initiate coagulation. Few studies have been conducted on the association between venous thromboembolism (VTE) and acute pancreatitis (AP). We investigated the incidence and risk of VTE in patients with AP. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort analysis for the nationwide AP cohort. We identified 91 786 patients with AP and 183 557 controls who were frequency-matched according to sex, age (5-y interval), and index year from the National Health Insurance Research Database between 2000 and 2008. The patients and controls were followed until diagnosis of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE), death or the end of 2011. Results: The nationwide cohort study showed that patients with AP exhibited a higher incidence of VTE (13.1 vs 5.65 per 10 000 person-y) than did the controls. After covariates were controlled for, the patients with AP had a 1.88-fold higher risk of VTE than did the controls (adjusted hazard ratios [aHR] = 1.88; 95% confidence intervals [CI] = 1.68-2.10). The incidence rates of DVT and PE were higher in the patients with AP than in the controls, irrespective of sex, age or comorbidity. The patients with AP exhibited a 1.86-fold higher aHR of DVT (95% CI = 1.63-2.12) and a 1.92-fold higher aHR of PE (95% CI = 1.59-2.31) than did the controls. Conclusion: Patients with AP exhibited a significantly higher risk of VTE than did the controls.
GOOD PREGNANCY OUTCOME IN ACTIVE LUPUS NEPHRITIS; Well-controlled Systemic Lupus Erythematosus(SLE) and lupus nephritis during pregnancy can end favorably, while the poorly controlled disease is known to lead to poor outcomes. A 25-year-old female with a healthy 6-year-old daughter treated with SLE for 1.5 years, complained of worsening lower extremity edema and eventually diagnosed with class V membranous lupus nephritis. She was maintained on Prednisone and Hydroxychloroquine(HCQ) while mycophenolate mofetil(MMF) was added on as a steroid-sparing agent. While she was compliant, her proteinuria decreased to 1.5 g per day. However, due to noncompliance, her proteinuria rapidly increased to the nephrotic range. Her uncontrolled lupus nephritis course further complicated when she was found to be eight weeks pregnant. During her pregnancy, she was on prednisone, AZA, and Tacrolimus and followed closely by high-risk obstetrics, nephrology, and rheumatology. In this period, proteinuria remained around 8-9 g /day for several weeks, and she was placed on Lovenox for Deep Venous Thrombosis prophylaxis along with Bactrim. She had sporadic compliance throughout pregnancy, which was complicated by gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus. At 35 weeks of gestation in the setting of preeclampsia, she underwent a cesarean section giving birth to a healthy male infant. In the postpartum period, she was compliant with her medications and remained on Tacrolimus, AZA, and a tapering dose of prednisone. Her proteinuria improved, and she continues to have excellent renal function. During the pregnancy, this patient experienced poorly controlled lupus nephritis with significant proteinuria. However, with close monitoring, she had a successful pregnancy and postpartum, she was able to regain good renal function. Active lupus nephritis does not necessarily preclude a successful outcome in pregnancy, provided that there is close coordinated care.
Risk factors for potential pulmonary embolism in the patients with deep venous thrombosis: a retrospective study; INTRODUCTION: The risk factors for the detachment of big thrombi from the vessel wall in patients with deep venous thrombosis (DVT) are still not clear, which are potential risks for pulmonary embolism (PE). This study was aimed to identify the risk factors for big thrombi detaching from the vessel wall in the patients with lower extremity DVT and to identify the role of the lower limb immobilization. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the patients whose inferior vena cava (IVC) filter were removed in our hospital. Baseline data and clinical characteristics of all patients were reviewed, including hypertension, diabetes, D-dimer, the onset site of the thrombus, major surgery and lower limb immobilization. The size of the thrombus in the removed IVC filter was assessed by digital subtraction angiography. The thrombus above 1 cm in diameter was defined as potential thrombus of PE and the thrombus below 1 cm as non-potential thrombus of PE. The characteristics and potential risk factors of the patients with potential thrombus of PE were compared with those with non-potential thrombus of PE. Independent risk factors were further analyzed using multivariable regression analyses. RESULTS: Three hundred and forty-nine patients were included in the study. There is no significant difference in age, gender, hypertension, diabetes, D-dimer, or the thrombus site between the two groups. Major surgery and mobile lower limb were independent risk factors for potential thrombus of PE. CONCLUSION: The results suggested that major surgery and mobile lower limb were independent risk factors for potential thrombus of PE in patients with DVT. Immobilization of lower limb might play a protective role in preventing big thrombi from detaching from the vessel wall in patients with DVT.
Thrombotic disorders (part 2); Thromboembolic conditions are a leading cause of mortality, estimated to account for 1 in 4 deaths worldwide in 2010. Over time, the incidence and mortality rates of these conditions have declined in developed countries, but are increasing in developing countries. A delicate balance exists between procoagulant and anticoagulant factors within the vascular system. Numerous acquired or inherited conditions may tip the balance either way, i.e. towards a prothrombotic or prohaemorrhagic state. Acquired thrombotic disorders are the subject of discussion in this issue, the second of a 2-part series on thrombophilia.
DETERMINING THE RISK OF THROMBOSIS AMONG THE PATIENTS WITH ESSENTIAL THROMBOCYTHEMIA; The aim of the studywas to determine the risk of thrombosis among patients with Essential thrombocythemia based on the modern criteria of diagnosis and to reveal the treatment accordingmethods of research in Georgia. We analyzed clinical manifestations of 25 cases of Essential thrombocythemia diagnosed in 2013-2017 y. at the Institute of Hematology and Transfusiology. Among 25 patients, female was 20 (80%), male - 5 (20%). Age varies from 28 to 75 years. Patients had the following clinical manifestations: The severity of the lower limbs, numbness, pain (erythromelalgia) in 13 (52%) of cases, headache in 7 (28%), dizziness in 5 (20%), splenomegaly in 6 (24%), bleeding in 1 (4%), several discontinued pregnancy in the first trimester in 1 (4%), thrombotic complication had been diagnosed in 8 (32%) of patients. In 8 (32%) patients with thrombosis in medical history, myocardial infarction had 2 patient, ischemic stroke - 2 patient, deep vein thrombosis - 2 patient, thrombosis of spleen artery - 1 patient, door vein thrombosis -1 patients. Laboratory indicators for patients at the moment of diagnosis were as follows: Hemoglobin level was 120-160g/L, Erythrocytes-3,7-5,2x1012/L, Leukocytes-10,2-35,5x109/L, Platelets - 860,0-4300,05x109/L. Cytological study ofbone marrow revealed hyper cellular bone marrowwith neutrophilic profile. There are a large number of megakaryocites and their large clusters. In bone marrow biopsy bone and bone marrow structure is mainly stored. There is a hyperplasia of myeloid tissue, a sharp or moderate hyperplasia of megakaryocite. Sometimes weak fibrosis is expresseds (4 patients). JAK-2 genes can only be studied in 3 (12%) cases: in 2 (8%) cases, gene mutations were 48% and 52%, while the gene mutation with 1 (4%) patient was only 12%. Based on international multi-center studies by WHO experts group, the risk of thrombosis development was predictable (WHO-ET-IPSET-thrombosis). Based on our data, we have identified thrombotic risk groups as well as the criteria that contributed to the increased risk: these are more likely to have thrombotic complications in medical history, existence ofJAK-2gene mutation, lesser than age >60years, risk factors from the cardiovascular system (Diabetes mellitus,Hypertension, smoking). From the patients who were studied, 10 (40%) were in the high risk group of thrombosis, 3 (12%) in the average risk group and 12 (48%) in thelow risk group. The goal of treatment of Essential thrombocythemia is to stop the progression of the disease and cure the symptoms of the disease.The methods of treatment for improving the quality of life of patients are multi-component and are divided into the following groups: 1) Prophylaxis of thrombotic complications; 2) cytoreductionalchemothrapy; 3) targeted therapy- JAK-2kinase activity inhibitors; 4) treatment of complications.
Biological therapy-associated adverse reactions in asthma: analysis of reporting to the Portuguese pharmacovigilance system; Objectives: Biological drugs have been successfully tested in asthma, especially in the most severe forms of the disease. The goal of this study was to characterize the safety profile of biologicals used in asthma. Methods: Retrospective and descriptive analysis of spontaneous reports (SRs) involving omalizumab and mepolizumab, sent to the Portuguese Pharmacovigilance System, since market launch until October 2018. Results: A total of 127 SRs for omalizumab and 10 SRs mepolizumab were found. Most patients were female (75.6% omalizumab and 90.0% mepolizumab), and aged 18–64 years (61.4% and 50.0%, respectively). 71.7% of the reports for omalizumab were serious, with 2 cases of anaphylaxis, 12 malignant neoplasms and 2 abortions. Only 20.0% of the reports for mepolizumab were considered serious. A total of 391 adverse drug reactions (ADRs) for omalizumab and 20 ADRs for mepolizumab were found. Most reported ADRs belonged to System organ class (SOC) groups: ‘respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders’ and ‘investigations’, for omalizumab; ‘musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders’ and ‘general disorders and administration site conditions’ for mepolizumab. Conclusion: Over the years, there was an increasing trend of SRs with these biological drugs. However, it is necessary to continue to develop educational programs in order to get a better reporting system.
Biologic Therapies in Polyarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis. Comparison of Long-Term Safety Data from the German BIKER Registry; Objective: Biologics have an important role in the treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). Long-term safety data are limited. Direct comparison of different agents regarding occurrence of adverse events (AEs), especially of rare events, requires large quantities of patient years. In this analysis, long-term safety with regard to AE of special interest (AESI) was compared between different biologics. Methods: Patients with nonsystemic JIA were selected from the German BIKER registry. Safety assessments were based on AE reports. Number of AEs, serious AEs, and 25 predefined AESIs, including medically important infection, uveitis, inflammatory bowel disease, cytopenia, hepatic events, anaphylaxis, depression, pregnancy, malignancy, and death, were analyzed. Event rates and relative risks were calculated using AEs reported after first dose through 70 days after last dose. Results: A total of 3873 patients entered the analysis with 7467 years of exposure to biologics. The most common AESIs were uveitis (n = 231) and medically important infections (n = 101). Cytopenia and elevation of transaminases were more frequent with tocilizumab (risk ratio [RR] 8.0, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.2-15, and RR 4.7, 95% CI 1.8-12.2, respectively). Anaphylactic events were associated with intravenous route of administration. In patients ever exposed to biologics, eight malignancies were reported. Six pregnancies have been documented in patients with tumor necrosis factor inhibitors. No death occurred in this patient cohort during observation. Conclusion: Surveillance of pharmacotherapy as provided by the BIKER registry is an import approach, especially for long-term treatment of children. Overall, tolerance was acceptable. Differences between biologics were noted and should be considered in daily patient care.
Deep Venous Thrombosis Recurrence and Its Predictors at Selected Tertiary Hospitals in Ethiopia: A Prospective Cohort Study; Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is a common clinical problem associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. Knowledge of the global burden of DVT recurrence is deficient in Africa, including Ethiopia. The objective of the study was to assess deep venous thrombosis recurrence and its predictors at selected tertiary hospitals in Ethiopia. Prospective cohort study was conducted among hospitalized DVT patients. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 21.0. To identify the independent predictors of DVT-recurrence, multiple stepwise-backward Cox-regression analysis was done. Statistical significance was considered at P value <.05. A total of 129 participants were included (65.1% females) with mean ± SD age of 38.63 ± 17.67 years. About 26.4% of patients developed recurrent venous thromboembolism. Pulmonary embolism accounted for 17.60% of recurrent event. The overall incidence density of DVT recurrence was 2.99 per 1000 person-days. The mean ± SD survival time to DVT recurrence was 42.03 ± 22.371 days. Age ≥ 50 years (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR]: 5.566; 95% CI: 1.587-19.518; P =.007), occasional alcohol consumption (AHR: 2.011; 95% CI: 1.307-6.314; P =.019), surgical history (AHR: 6.218; 95% CI: 1.540-25.104; P =.010), pregnancy (AHR: 2.0911; 95% CI: 1.046-4.179; P =.037), diabetes mellitus (AHR: 8.048; 95% CI: 2.494-25.966; P <.001), unmet activated partial thromboplastin time target after 24 hours of heparin (AHR: 1.129; 95% CI: 0.120-10.600; P =.011), proximal site involvement (AHR: 5.937; 95% CI: 1.300-27.110; P =.022), and previous history of DVT (AHR: 2.48; 95% CI: 1.085-11.20; P =.0002) were independent predictors of DVT recurrence. The DVT recurrence rate was high in the study area, which is even complicated with pulmonary embolism as well as death. Efforts are needed to prevent and reduce the development of DVT recurrence.
Perioperative management and preemptive ECMO cannulation of a parturient with cystic fibrosis undergoing cesarean delivery; Physiologic changes of pregnancy and cystic ﬁbrosis pathology provide a unique set of circumstances. Pulmonary disease accounts for over 90% of the morbidity and mortality of patients with cystic ﬁbrosis. These abnormalities create anesthetic challenges due to multiple organ systems being aﬀected including the respiratory, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, and genitourinary tracts, where patients present with chronic respiratory failure, pancreatic insuﬃciency, poor nutrition, and cardiac manifestations. We present the perianesthetic management of a parturient with cystic ﬁbrosis who successfully underwent preterm cesarean delivery under neuraxial anesthesia with preemptive bilateral femoral venous sheaths placed for potential extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) initiation.
Impact of endometriosis on maternal and perinatal morbidity in IVF versus spontaneous conception: a national 6-years observational study; Study question: Which role of endometriosis and which additional risk of In Vitro Fertilisation(IVF) in maternal or fetal morbidity when comparing single deliveries of populations with/without endometriosis, after spontaneous or IVF conception? Summary answer: There is an independent role of endometriosis in the increased adjusted risk of most maternal and perinatal morbidities in spontaneous deliveries, further increased by IVF What is known already: Large observational studies identified that IVF pregnancies are associated with a significant risk of complications, even if single, as compared with pregnancies after spontaneous conception (SC) . These complications include preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and placental anomalies, leading to increased fetal loss, intrauterine growth restriction, all events being a significant concern (Pinborg, 2013, Ombelet, 2016, Wang, 2016, Luke, 2017, Vermey, 2018). Moreover, several recent studies identified that compared with women without endometriosis, women with endometriosis had higher odds of maternal morbidities as hypertensive disorders, diabetes, placenta previa, placental abruption, preterm birth (Zullo, 2017, Lalali, 2018, Porpora,2020). Which respective responsibility? Study design, size, duration: This is an observational national cohort study comparing maternal (MM) and perinatal (PM) morbidities in 3 groups of single pregnancies registered between 2013 and 2018 in France. The first group was SC without endometriosis (SC-non-endo), the second was SC with endometriosis (SC-endo), the third included IVF standard or using intracytoplasmic injection and fresh transfers with endometriosis (IVF-endo). Births were considered when > 22 weeks of gestation (WG), and term birth was defined > 37 WG. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Pregnancies and deliveries were analyzed by extracting the Information Systems Medicalization Program (PMSI) French database. The main identified morbidity indicators were: venous thrombosis, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders (gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia), placenta previa, placental abruption, premature birth, small for gestational age (SGA), major congenital malformations. The risks of MM and PM were estimated in multivariate analysis after adjustment for maternal age, smoking and obesity, primiparity and history of diabetes and hypertension. Main results and the role of chance: The study included all 4,170,780 national single deliveries, among which 38035 (0.9%) with endometriosis. In the SC group, endometriosis was diagnosed in 31,101 mothers (0.76%). In the IVF group (55,947), endometriosis was diagnosed in 6,934 (12.4%). Mean maternal ages were 30.0 (std=5.3), 31.7 (std=4.8) and 33.1 (std=4.0), for SC, SC-endo and IVF-endo groups. Compared to control group, SC-endo and IVF-endo groups showed respectively lower rates for obesity (3.9% and 3.1% versus 4.9%), and smoking (3.7% and 2.4% vs 4.7%) (p< 0. 0001). Respective rates in SC-endo and IVF-endo were higher for primiparity (47.4% and 76.7% versus 39.6%), and history of hypertension (1.14% and 1% vs 0.85%). There was no difference for history of diabetes mellitus. In SC group, endometriosis was associated with increased risks of venous thrombosis, hypertensive disorders, placenta previa, placenta abruption, premature birth (all p<.0001), congenital malformation (p= .049) and SGA (p<.0003) . In the endometriosis group, the comparison of highlighted aOR of SC-endo and IVF-endo populations, versus SC-non-endo , provided evidence that IVF techniques increased the risk of placenta previa (aOR 2.62 vs 6.51, p <.0001), premature birth (aOR 1.37 vs 1.92, p<.0001), and SGA (aOR 1.05 vs 1.25, p<.0001), respectively, No other significant difference was found (thombosis, diabetes.). Limitations, reasons for caution: While the strength of this study lies in the number and completeness of subjects studied, its limitations are its register-based nature, not allowing to refine the risk evaluation, mainly according to the type of endometriosis (peritoneal, deep, associated adenomyosis), which can determine complications of variable importance (vascular, placentation). Wider implications of the findings: These data demonstrating an independent role of endometriosis in the increased adjusted risk of most maternal and perinatal morbidities in spontaneous and IVF deliveries may improve the vigilance of practitioners in monitoring pregnancies when endometriosis, and be considered in the debate on the place of surgery for infertile endometriotic women.
Maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: Population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up; Objective To evaluate the associations between maternal diabetes diagnosed before or during pregnancy and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) in offspring during their first four decades of life. Design Population based cohort study. Setting Danish national health registries. Participants All 2 432 000 liveborn children without congenital heart disease in Denmark during 1977-2016. Follow-up began at birth and continued until first time diagnosis of CVD, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. Exposures for observational studies Pregestational diabetes, including type 1 diabetes (n=22 055) and type 2 diabetes (n=6537), and gestational diabetes (n=26 272). Main outcome measures The primary outcome was early onset CVD (excluding congenital heart diseases) defined by hospital diagnosis. Associations between maternal diabetes and risks of early onset CVD in offspring were studied. Cox regression was used to assess whether a maternal history of CVD or maternal diabetic complications affected these associations. Adjustments were made for calendar year, sex, singleton status, maternal factors (parity, age, smoking, education, cohabitation, residence at childbirth, history of CVD before childbirth), and paternal history of CVD before childbirth. The cumulative incidence was averaged across all individuals, and factors were adjusted while treating deaths from causes other than CVD as competing events. Results During up to 40 years of follow-up, 1153 offspring of mothers with diabetes and 91 311 offspring of mothers who did not have diabetes were diagnosed with CVD. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 29% increased overall rate of early onset CVD (hazard ratio 1.29 (95% confidence interval 1.21 to 1.37); cumulative incidence among offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years of age 13.07% (12.92% to 13.21%), difference in cumulative incidence between exposed and unexposed offspring 4.72% (2.37% to 7.06%)). The sibship design yielded results similar to those of the unpaired design based on the whole cohort. Both pregestational diabetes (1.34 (1.25 to 1.43)) and gestational diabetes (1.19 (1.07 to 1.32)) were associated with increased rates of CVD in offspring. We also observed varied increased rates of specific early onset CVDs, particularly heart failure (1.45 (0.89 to 2.35)), hypertensive disease (1.78 (1.50 to 2.11)), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 (1.38 to 2.41)), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 (1.31 to 2.80)). Increased rates of CVD were seen in different age groups from childhood to early adulthood until age 40 years. The increased rates were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (1.60 (1.25 to 2.05)). A higher incidence of early onset CVD in offspring of mothers with diabetes and comorbid CVD (1.73 (1.36 to 2.20)) was associated with the added influence of comorbid CVD but not due to the interaction between diabetes and CVD on the multiplicative scale (P value for interaction 0.94). Conclusions Children of mothers with diabetes, especially those mothers with a history of CVD or diabetic complications, have increased rates of early onset CVD from childhood to early adulthood. If maternal diabetes does have a causal association with increased CVD rate in offspring, the prevention, screening, and treatment of diabetes in women of childbearing age could help to reduce the risk of CVD in the next generation.
First cardiovascular event in rheumatoid arthritis: Do patients with venous thromboembolism have a different risk profile than patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Background/Purpose : Chronic inflammation is linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in RA that may manifest as venous thromboembolism (VTE) or atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD). VTE is a potentially fatal condition that has been an increasing concern due to recent associations with the use of JAK inhibitors. However, our knowledge is limited about what factors determine VTE development in patients with RA, and if these risk factors are different than the ones for atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD). We performed a cohort study aiming to assess risk factors favoring VTE over ASCVD in patients with RA. Methods : RA patients participating in FORWARD, The National Databank for Rheumatic Diseases, from 1998 through 2018 were assessed for incident nonfatal or fatal unprovoked VTE (deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary emboli not associated with active cancer, recent surgery, hospitalization, fracture, pregnancy) and ASCVD (myocardial infarction and stroke) validated from hospital/death records. Patients with prior VTE/ASCVD and active cancer were excluded. Event rates were calculated, and the risk factors for VTE and ASCVD were determined separately using Cox proportional hazards compared to patients who had no history of VTE and ASCVD. Results : Of 31,366 RA patients, we identified 539 first unprovoked VTE and 1,648 first ASCVD events during median (IQR) 4 (1.5-7) years of follow-up. The crude incidence rates per 1,000 patient-years (95% CI) were 0.34 (0.31-0.37) for VTE and 1.57 (1.51-1.63) for ASCVD. Baseline characteristics of patients by the CVD type are presented in Table 1 . Patients with VTE were significantly more obese than patients with ASCVD but not different in terms of the history of prior cancer, fracture and traditional CV risk factors (diabetes [DM], hypertension [HT], and smoking). The multivariable models showed that older age, being male, having more comorbidities, history of fracture, worse HAQ scores, moderate/high disease activity and glucocorticoid use were associated with both increased VTE and ASCVD risks ( Table 2 ). However, age and gender were stronger risk factors for ASCVD than for VTE and history of prior fracture and glucocorticoid use were stronger risk factors for VTE than for ASCVD. Traditional CV risk factors, DM and HT increased only ASCVD risk. Obesity had opposite effects on VTE and ASCVD risks: increased VTE risk (HR [95% CI], 1.46 [1.13-1.87]) and decreased ASCVD risk (HR [95% CI], 0.58 [0.50-0.68]) while underweight (HR [95% CI], 1.51 [1.13-2.02]) increased ASCVD risk. Hydroxycholoroquine use was found to be associated with a lower risk of VTE and ASCVD ( Table 2 ). Conclusion : With different risk magnitudes, VTE and ASCVD share common risk factors representing RA disease severity including disability, high disease activity and glucocorticoid use. The main difference in risk factors for these CV events is the traditional CV risk factors; DM and HT increase ASCVD risk and obesity increases VTE risk with a paradoxical effect on ASCVD. Being obese and having a prior fracture may be promoting immobilization and hence VTE. These risk factors can be helpful in individual risk assessment, particularly in the availability of JAK inhibitors that may increase VTE risk. (Table Presented).
Risk of subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease after the first unprovoked venous thromboembolism in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; Background/Purpose : With the advent of JAK inhibitors has come increased concerns for the risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE), which was already known to be increased in RA due to inflammation. Although it can be potentially a fatal condition, the other adverse outcomes of VTE, particularly the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD), are not well-known in RA. As this potential association has clinical implications regarding screening and risk factor modification, we performed a cohort study to determine the risk of subsequent ASCVD in RA patients with unprovoked first VTE. Methods : RA patients with ≥1 year participation in FORWARD, The National Databank for Rheumatic Diseases, from 1998 through 2018 were assessed for incident nonfatal or fatal ASCVD (myocardial infarction and stroke) validated from hospital/death records. We excluded patients with prior VTE/ASCVD and active cancer. Among these patients, we identified patients with first unprovoked VTE (deep venous thrombosis [DVT] and pulmonary emboli [PE] not associated with cancer, recent surgery, hospitalization, fracture, or pregnancy). We calculated event rates and estimated the risk of subsequent ASCVD in patients with incident VTE compared to patients with no history of VTE and ASCVD by using Cox proportional hazards with adjustment for sociodemographics, comorbidities, and RA severity measures. Results : In 25,070 RA patients with no VTE or ASCVD and 506 patients with first unprovoked VTE (without prior ASCVD), we identified 1,283 and 38 first ASCVD events during median (IQR) 4.7 (2.4-8.9) years of follow-up. Baseline characteristics of patients with VTE and without any CVD are presented in Table 1 . Patients with unprovoked VTE had worse RA characteristics (disease duration, HAQ, disease activity, glucocorticoid use) and more frequent traditional CV risk factors (diabetes, hypertension, and obesity). The incidence rate (95% CI) of ASCVD was higher in patients with VTE vs. patients without any CVD (8.68 [8.22-9.17] vs. 23.53 [17.12-32.33] per 1,000 patient-years) ( Table 2 ). After multivariable adjustment for baseline differences, we found that patients with an unprovoked VTE had a significantly increased risk of ASCVD (HR [95% CI], 2.05 [1.43-2.95]). The risk increase persisted when we assessed patients with only DVT (HR [95% CI], 1.93 [1.22-3.06]) and the risk in patients with PE was even higher (HR [95% CI], 2.52 [1.57-4.04]) ( Table 2 ). Conclusion : RA patients with unprovoked VTE as the first CVD, even with only DVT, had twofold risk of ASCVD. Future studies are needed to clarify to what extent chronic inflammation and traditional CV risk factors contribute to this association. Nevertheless, RA patients with unprovoked VTE should be evaluated carefully for ASCVD in the presence of concerning symptoms. Also, more vigilant CV risk screening and treatment should be considered in these patients. (Table Presented) .
Thromboembolic manifestations of IBD; Background/Aims: Among the extra-intestinal manifestations of inflammatory bowel disease are thromboembolism, which are rare, that occur in the course of the disease. The aim of our study is to estimate their prevalence and determine their epidemiological and evolutionary peculiarities. Materials and Methods: A 21-year retrospective study (1998-2019) of patients hospitalized for IBD who had confirmed thrombosis with imaging. Results: We included 1371 patients, 11 of them had a thrombosis: prevalence 0.8%, 5 men and 6 women, with a mean age of 36 years. 9 patients had Crohns disease and 2 had ulcerative colitis. The Thromboembolic manifestations were suggesting of IBD in 2 patients while the mean time between the diagnosis of IBD and the occurrence of thrombosis was 8 months. It was a deep thrombosis of the lower limbs in 9 cases, pulmonary embolism in 1 case, a cerebral vein thrombosis in 2 cases including 1 associated with a pulmonary embolism. All our patients had exacerbation at the time of the of thrombosis, 2 were already under preventive heparin therapy, 1 patient was bed ridden, surgery in 2 patients, smoking in 1 case, pregnancy in 1 case, diabetes in 1 case and associated celiac disease in one case. biochemically: protein S deficiency in 1 patient, vitamin B12 deficiency in 1 patient, hypoalbuminemia in all patients. The evolution was fatal for 1 patient. Conclusion: Deep vein thrombosis of the lower extremities is the most frequent complication, occuring in the active phase of the disease emphasizing the importance of preventing thromboembolic disease when managing patients in flare-up.
Risk factors in thromboprophylaxis guidelines for correct diagnosis of antemortem fatal pulmonary embolism; Objective To clarify the risk factors in thromboprophylaxis and to reinforce proper and safer guidelines for correct antemortem diagnosis of proven fatal pulmonary embolism (PE) during pregnancy, delivery and within 42 days after delivery Methods Design: Descriptive study Setting: Analysis of maternal deaths due to PE verified by autopsies/embolectomies/computerized tomographic angiographies from the national registration system of maternal deaths in Turkey Participants: 29 women who had necropsy computerized angiography or thrombectomy confirmation for fatal pulmonary embolism (PE) Main outcome measures: The risk factors and the prevention of death with current thromboprophylaxis protocols. Results 29 women had necropsy, computerized angiography or thrombectomy confirmation for PE in the first trimester (n=4), second trimester (n=3), third trimester (n=2), during labour (n=3), and in the puerperium (n= 17). All women had antenatal risk factors for PE. One, two, three and four or more risks were identified in three, five, three and 18 women, respectively, including age > 35 (n=13), gravida > 3 (n=12), body mass index(BMI) > 30 (n=10), acute infection(n=8), venous thromboembolism (VTE) in the current pregnancy (n=7), transfusion (n=6), obstetric hemorrhage (n=5), intrauterine growth restriction (n=4), autoimmune disease(n=4), preterm birth (n=4), high risk thrombophilia (n=3), preeclampsia (n=2), stillbirth (n=2), previous VTE (n=2), hysterectomy(n=2), diabetes (n=1), varicose veins (n=1), sepsis after fetal invasive procedures (n=1), smoking (n=2), epilepsy (n=2), corticosteroid administration>10 days (n=4), hypertension (n=1) and hyperthyroidism (n=1). 13 women were delivered by the abdominal route including six repeated cesarean deliveries (CD), six primary CD and one hysterotomy. There were five vaginal deliveries. Three postmortem CD and two hysterectomies were performed. Eight (25%) of the patients were already on thromboprophylaxis due to prior episode of venous thrombosis + high risk thrombophilia+ leg amputation + immobilization(n=1), cerebral sinus venous thrombosis+ autoimmune disease (n=1), deep venous thrombosis (DVT) of the leg (n=4), obesity (n=3), hypertension (n=3) and mesenteric vein thrombosis (n=1) and intestinal surgery (n=1) , gravida>3 and smoking cigarettes (n=1). Conclusion Reducing the risk of fatal PE requires clinical risk appraisal of every women during pregnancy and puerperium. Because 18 women had four or more risk factors, clinical evaluation and physical examination is mandatory. Clinical symptoms, especially pain and swelling in the legs, acute infection and pregnancy complications, warrant attention; however, heterogeneous characteristics of the women and the unpredictable and abrupt onset of the catastrophic events may present challenges. Thromboprophylaxis protocols may be subject to change in terms of indications, dosage, dosing intervals and duration to achieve both efficacy and safety during pregnancy and puerperium for reducing the risk of fatal PE. CD does not appear to be the sole factor for PE unless other risk factors are present.
A review of reproductive outcomes of women with two consecutive miscarriages and no living child; The definition of recurrent miscarriage ranges from two miscarriages according to the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology, to three consecutive pregnancy losses as defined by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Recent guidelines emphasise the need for further research on the effect of various recurrent miscarriage definitions on diagnosis, treatment and prognosis. Our study examines the management and pregnancy outcomes of nulliparous women attending Cork University Maternity Hospital’s Pregnancy Loss Clinic, between 2009 and 2014, with their second consecutive first-trimester miscarriage. Information was sourced from the Pregnancy Loss Clinic’s database, hospital patient management and laboratory systems, and clinical letters. 294 women were identified. A subsequent pregnancy was conceived by 82.3% (242/294) of women, with 72.7% (176/242) achieving a live birth. In conclusion, supportive care and selective medical management in dedicated pregnancy loss and early pregnancy clinics achieve excellent reproductive outcomes.Impact StatementWhat is already known onthissubject? The definition of recurrent miscarriage is varied. It ranges from two miscarriages according to the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology, to three consecutive pregnancy losses as defined by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Recurrent miscarriage affects between 1 and 5% of women. Past studies suggest several causative factors, including epidemiologic, genetic, anatomical and endocrine. These factors may be identified in up to 50% of women with recurrent losses. Subsequent pregnancy outcomes are reported as excellent. However, recent guidelines focus on the need for further research on the effect of the various recurrent miscarriage definitions on diagnosis, investigation, treatment and prognosis. Whatthe results of this study add? This study examined the management and pregnancy outcomes of women with two consecutive losses. A causative factor was identified in 29.3% of women in our cohort. A subsequent pregnancy was conceived by 82.3%, with 72.7% achieving a live birth. We suggest that supportive care is the single most effective therapy for women with two consecutive losses. Whatthe implicationsareof these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Over-investigation and empirical treatment should be avoided, with a greater emphasis placed on psychological support and risk factor modification in this group. Investigation protocols must be refined to only search for causes of recurrent miscarriage with evidence based treatment. Evaluation of supportive care in randomised control trials is needed.
Antithrombin and D-dimer in predicting pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy; Background : Levels of many coagulation parameters have significantly changes in pregnancy, and may be applied as predictive markers of pregnancy complications, however most of the previous studies were based on small groups, a larger sample size is needed to confirm it. Aims : To investigate the roles of antithrombin (AT) and D- dimer (DD) in predicting pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. Methods : A total of 5095 pregnant women were enrolled. Women in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy were included, while women with primary hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cardiac diseases, chronic nephrosis and chronic hepatopathy before pregnancy and women terminating pregnancy due to fetal chromosome abnormality were excluded. The levels of AT and DD in patients with and without pregnancy complications were compared and evaluated. Results : The maternal complications of 5095 pregnant women during the 28th- 40th gestational weeks in this study included 353 cases of preeclampsia, 105 cases of intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy (ICP), 88 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus, 45 cases of stillbirth and 15 cases of deep vein thrombosis (DVT). The level of DD in patients with pregnancy complications was higher than those without (P< 0.05). The level of AT in patients with preeclampsia was lower than those without (P< 0.05). The level of AT in patients with ICP was higher than those without (P< 0.05). Patients with ICP and stillbirth were younger, while those with gestational diabetes mellitus were elder (P< 0.05). The odds ratio (OR) of ICP for patients with AT>115% was 20.24 [95% confidence interval (CI)12.870- 31.819]. The OR of preeclampsia for patients with AT< 70% was 5.41 (95%CI 3.72- 7.87). The OR of DVT for patients with DD>3.98 μg/mL was 5.74 (95%CI 2.03- 16.20), that of stillbirth was 4.05 (95%CI 2.16- 7.52), that of ICP was 2.95 (95%CI 1.73- 5.02), and that of preeclampsia was 2.76 (95%CI 2.01- 3.81). Conclusions : AT and DD have predictive value in one or more pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy.
Acute Kidney Injury in Pregnant Patient With Pancreas-Kidney Transplant Caused by Abdominal Compartment Syndrome: A Case Presentation, Review of Literature, and Proposal of Diagnostic Approach; Rationale: With increasing number of complex medical patients with renal transplant who get pregnant, clinicians need to be aware of abdominal compartment syndrome which may masquerade as acute renal allograft injury in pregnancy. Presenting concerns of the patient: A 34-year-old nulliparous Caucasian female with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) due to type 1 diabetes mellitus who received a simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplant (SPK) in 2006 and then after rejection of renal allograft another, kidney-only allograft from a donation after circulatory death became pregnant in May 2013 with dichorionic, diamniotic twins without reproductive technology, and during pregnancy, she developed two episodes of acute injury to the renal allograft. Diagnoses: End-stage renal disease secondary to type I diabetes, acute renal allograft injury, tacrolimus toxicity, abdominal pain. Interventions (including prevention and lifestyle): She received intravenous hydration, medications contributing to renal failure were held, and pain and nauseas were controlled appropriately. Abdominal compartment syndrome was managed by maintaining intravascular pressure and optimizing regional and systemic vascular perfusion by appropriate fluid balance, evacuating intraluminal contents by decompressing gastrointestinal system, and improving abdominal wall compliance by using appropriate analgesics, sedation, and patient positioning. Outcomes: With advancing pregnancy, the patient developed progressive abdominal pain, nausea, leg edema, and rising creatinine that were not responsive to ongoing therapies and required delivery via Cesarean section at 31 weeks of gestational age. Lessons learned: In the era of increasing number of pregnant renal transplant patients with multiple medical issues, we need organized approach to diagnosis of acute renal allograft injury in pregnancy and we need to consider abdominal compartment syndrome as one of the causes.
Frequency of adverse obstetric and fetal outcome among overweight and obese women; Objective: To determine the frequency of adverse fetomaternal outcome in obese and overweight pregnant women. Methodology: This cross sectional study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Fauji Foundation Hospital, Rawalpindi from 1st October 2016 to 30th September 2017. Total 200 pregnant females with body mas index (BMI) >25 kg/m2 and gestational age of up to 20 weeks were selected by convenience sampling. Patients were followed up for maternal antenatal, natal, postnatal and fetal complications. Hospital Medix TM was used for data collection. Results: In our study, 20% of women were overweight, 30% were obese while 50% were morbidly obese. These women had high frequency of miscarriages (8.5%), gestational diabetes mellitus (33%), pregnancy induced hypertension (25%), preeclampsia (16%), eclampsia (2%), preterm delivery (18.5%) and postdate pregnancies (10.5%). The rate of induction of labour was 36.7% among these women. Instrumental delivery rate was 6.5%, while cesarean section rate was 38%. Postpartum hemorrhage was noted in 5.5%, while wound infection, endometritis and deep venous thrombosis (DVT) affected 7%, 2% and 0.5% respectively. Regarding fetal complications, congenital malformations were seen in 4%, intrauterine death in 4%, macrosomia 13%, shoulder dystocia in 2%, low birth weight in 5.5%, neonatal intensive care unit admissions in 21.5% and early neonatal death in 5.5%. Conclusion: Obese and overweight pregnant women had increased frequency of maternal and fetal complications.
MR imaging scoring system for white matter injury after deep medullary vein thrombosis and infarction in neonates; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Advanced imaging techniques have allowed earlier and more accurate detection of cerebral deep medullary vein thrombosis and infarction. Our objective was to develop an MR imaging scoring system to evaluate the severity of white matter injury in neonates with deep medullary vein thrombosis and infarction. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective study of infants born ≥32 weeks' gestation (2000-2016) diagnosed with deep medullary vein thrombosis and infarction on neuroimaging in the first 30 days of life. A 102-point deep medullary vein white matter injury global severity score was developed. MR images were scored by 2 pediatric radiologists. Subject clinical data and regional and global severity scores were recorded. RESULTS: Fifty-one patients (mean gestational age, 37.3 ± 2.2 weeks; mean birth weight, 3182 ± 720 g) were included with a mean age at diagnosis via MR imaging of postnatal day 10.1 ± 6.1. Global severity scores ranged from 1 to 53, with a median score of 11 (interquartile range, 5-25). Lesions were more common in the frontal and parietal regions and less common in the occipital and temporal regions. Fifty-five percent of the group had neonatal seizures. No difference in perinatal risk factors (gestational age, birthweight, 5-minute Apgar score, chorioamnionitis, delivery room resuscitation, ventilator, or inotrope requirement) was observed among severity score quartiles. CONCLUSIONS: An MR imaging scoring system provides a comprehensive and objective classification of WM injury after deep medullary vein thrombosis and infarction in late preterm and term neonates. The global severity score is independent of gestational age and other antenatal risk factors, consistent with presentation in previously healthy-appearing neonates.
Prepregnancy counseling: Committee Opinion No. 762; The goal of prepregnancy care is to reduce the risk of adverse health effects for the woman, fetus, and neonate by working with the woman to optimize health, address modifiable risk factors, and provide education about healthy pregnancy. All those planning to initiate a pregnancy should be counseled, including heterosexual, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, asexual, and gender nonconforming individuals. Counseling can begin with the following question: “Would you like to become pregnant in the next year?” Prepregnancy counseling is appropriate whether the reproductive-aged patient is currently using contraception or planning pregnancy. Because health status and risk factors can change over time, prepregnancy counseling should occur several times during a woman's reproductive lifespan, increasing her opportunity for education and potentially maximizing her reproductive and pregnancy outcomes. Many chronic medical conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, psychiatric illness, and thyroid disease have implications for pregnancy outcomes and should be optimally managed before pregnancy. Counseling patients about optimal intervals between pregnancies may be helpful to reduce future complications. Assessment of the need for sexually transmitted infection screening should be performed at the time of prepregnancy counseling. Women who present for prepregnancy counseling should be offered screening for the same genetic conditions as recommended for pregnant women. All patients should be routinely asked about their use of alcohol, nicotine products, and drugs, including prescription opioids and other medications used for nonmedical reasons. Screening for intimate partner violence should occur during prepregnancy counseling. Female prepregnancy folic acid supplementation should be encouraged to reduce the risk of neural tube defects.
Risk of venous thromboembolism in Chinese pregnant women: Hong Kong venous thromboembolism study; Background Previous Caucasian studies have described venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; however, little is known about its incidence during pregnancy and early postpartum period in the Chinese population. We investigated the risk of venous thromboembolism in a “real-world” cohort of pregnant Chinese women with no prior history of venous thromboembolism. Methods In this observational study, 15,325 pregnancies were identified in 14,162 Chinese women at Queen Mary Hospital, Hong Kong between January 2004 and September 2016. Demographic data, obstetric information, and laboratory and imaging data were retrieved and reviewed. Results The mean age at pregnancy was 32.4±5.3 years, and the median age was 33 years (interquartile range, 29‒36 yr). Pre-existing or newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus was present in 627 women (4.1%); 359 (0.7%) women had pre-existing or newly detected hypertension. There was a small number of women with pre-existing heart disease and/or rheumatic conditions. Most deliveries (86.0%) were normal vaginal; the remaining were Cesarean section 2,146 (14.0%). The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 0.4 per 1,000 pregnancies, of which 83.3% were deep vein thrombosis and 16.7% were pulmonary embolism. In contrast to previous studies, 66.7% of venous thrombosis occurred in the first trimester. Conclusion Chinese women had a substantially lower risk of venous thromboembolism during pregnancy and the postpartum period compared to that of Caucasians. The occurrence of pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism was largely confined to the early pregnancy period, probably related to the adoption of thromboprophylaxis, a lower rate of Cesarean section, and early mobilization.
INCIDENCE AND OUTCOME OF PATIENTS WITH ACUTE PULMONARY EMBOLISM AND PREGNANCY; Background Pulmonary embolism (PE) is the leading cause of maternal mortality. Clinical diagnosis of pulmonary thromboembolism in pregnancy remains difficult because of pregnancy associated (physiological) symptoms and signs mimicking PE. We aimed to investigate the incidence, risk factors and outcomes of pregnant women with acute PE. Methods Women aged between 18 and 50 years diagnosed with PE based on ICD-code I26 in the German nationwide database were stratified for presence of pregnancy and compared regarding incidence, treatment and outcomes (source: RDC of the Federal Statistical Office and the Statistical Offices of the federal states, DRG Statistics 2005-2016, own calculations). Results Between January 2005 and December 2016, 63,246 women with acute PE aged between 18 and 50 years were included in this analysis; of those, 2.9% were pregnant. The in-hospital mortality rate was considerably lower in pregnant women compared to those females without pregnancy (3.5% vs. 7.3%, P>0.001). Pregnant women with acute PE were younger (31.0 (IQR 27.0/35.0) vs. 41.0 (IQR 32.0/46.0) years, P<0.001), had less often comorbidities such as coronary artery disease (0.4% vs. 1.3%, P<0.001), cancer (0.7% vs. 13.3%, P<0.001), renal insufficiency (0.2% vs. 1.1%, P<0.001), diabetes mellitus (1.1% vs. 5.6%, P<0.001) or heart failure (4.3% vs. 7.0%, P<0.001). Interestingly, pregnant women with acute PE presented less often with deep venous thrombosis (6.0% vs. 38.5%, P<0.001), RV dysfunction (12.6% vs. 24.4%, P<0.001) and syncope (0.8% vs. 1.5%, P<0.001), but were more often tachycardic (4.2% vs. 3.3%, P=0.001). Notably, presence of shock (3.6% vs. 2.9%, P=0.052) and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (5.5% vs. 5.1%, P=0.455) were not different between pregnant and not-pregnant woman. Conclusion The diagnosis and management of PE in pregnant women are aggravated by the physiological changes of pregnancy and the paucity of studies done in pregnant patients. Signs of hemodynamic compromise such as RV dysfunction or syncope were less prevalent in pregnant women with acute PE than in those without pregnancy. Female PE patients aged between 18 and 50 years without pregnancy had a significant higher mortality rate indicating for an outstanding relevance of RV dysfunction, syncope and important comorbidities such as cancer and heart failure for in-hospital prognosis.
Predictors of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy; Introduction: Risk stratification of the pregnant population is critical to improving outcomes associated with pregnancy-related Acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods: Pregnancy-related hospitalizations (antepartum as well as postpartum) and AMI were identified using appropriate International classification of disease-Ninth revision (ICD-9) codes from nationwide inpatient sample database (2005-2014). Simple logistic regression was used to calculate predictors of AMI during pregnancy. Results: We identified 3,786 cases of AMI from a total of 43,437,621 pregnancy related hospitalization during study period. Compared to pregnant women <20-year, we noted more than 10-fold risk of AMI among patients ≥ 40 years (OR 10.1, 95% CI 5.3-19.0, p<0.001). Other significant predictors of AMI during pregnancy were black race compared to white ( OR 1.6, 95% CI 1.3-1.9, p<0.001), co-existing comorbidities such as hypertension (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.5-2.5, p<0.001), thrombophilia (OR 4.8, 95% CI 2.7-8.5, p<0.001), diabetes milletus (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.0-1.9, p<0.027),hyperlipidemia (OR 13.2, 95% CI 9.9-17.6, p<0.001),smoking (OR 3.3, 95% CI 2.3-4.6, p<0.001), substance abuse (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2-2.6, p=0.007), congestive heart failure (OR 26.0, 95% CI 20.3-33.2 p<0.001), deep venous thrombosis (OR 2.8, 95% CI 1.3-6.2, p=0.010) as well as obstetric condition including postpartum hemorrhage (OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.3-2.4, p<0.001), transfusion during pregnancy (OR 3.2, 95% CI 2.4-4.2, p<0.001), postpartum infection (OR 2,7, 95% CI 1.9-3.9, p<0.001), fluid and electrolyte imbalance (OR 5.2, 95% CI 4.2- 6.6, p<0.001), and postpartum depression (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.1-1.9 p=0.013). Conclusions: We identified certain patient-level characteristics which correlated to high risk of AMI. This information can be utilized to decide resource allocation and the introduction of early multidisciplinary intervention among high-risk population.
Association Between Hypertensive Disorders During Pregnancy and the Subsequent Risk of End-Stage Renal Disease: A Population-Based Follow-Up Study; Objective: To assess whether hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) are associated with the subsequent development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Methods: The present study included 1 598 043 women who delivered in Canadian hospitals between April 1993 and March 2003. The baseline information was from the Canadian Institute for Health Information's Discharge Abstract Database. Women with chronic kidney disease, diabetes mellitus, and other specific conditions were excluded. A follow-up study was conducted through a record linkage on their hospitalizations as of the 13th month after the delivery discharge through March 31, 2013. The primary outcome of interest was subsequent hospitalization due to ESRD. Cox model was used to quantify the association between HDPs and ESRD hospitalization. Results: There occurred 9.9 and 1.7 ESRD hospitalizations per 100 000 person-years in the follow-up of HDPs and non-HDP women, respectively. An increased risk of ESRD hospitalization was observed in pregnant women with pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] = 4.7, 95% CI 3.6–6.0), unspecified HDPs (aHR = 4.6, 95% CI 2.8–7.7), or gestational hypertension (aHR = 3.3, 95% CI 2.1–5.1). Caesarean delivery, preterm delivery, IUGR, and deep vein thrombosis were identified as significant correlates with the subsequent ESRD hospitalization. The risk of subsequent ESRD hospitalization appeared to be lower for women who had ≥2 deliveries compared with those who had one delivery during the study period. Conclusion: Pregnancy complicated with HDPs was significantly associated with an increased risk of ESRD hospitalization in later life, and this association varied by HDP subtype and frequency of delivery.
EPIDEMIOLOGY AND RISK FACTORS FOR LIFETHREATENING COMPLICATIONS IN SEVERE OVARIAN HYPERSTIMULATION SYNDROME (OHSS) IN A NATIONWIDE SAMPLE; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate risk factors for life-threatening complications in patients with severe OHSS in a nationwide sample. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were derived from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) for OHSS admission for 2002-11. The NIS is a database containing information on 8 million hospital admissions yearly from more than 40 states and 1000 hospitals, and contains a weighting system that allows for calculation of population estimates. Patient (age, race, payer status, comorbidities, income) and hospital (region, bed-size, teaching status, location) variables were examined for association with life-threatening complications (deep vein thrombosis/pulmonary embolism [DVT/PE], acute respiratory distress syndrome [ARDS], renal failure [RF], intubation), nonroutine discharge (discharge to skilled nursing facility, transfer hospital), length of stay (LOS), and total hospital charges. Survey-adjusted multivariable logistic regression models controlling for these factors assessed the primary exposure of comorbidities with complications. RESULTS: A total of 11,562 patients were hospitalized with severe OHSS from 2002-2011. All admitted patients were pregnant. The majority were white (55.7%), with private insurance (87.7%), age 25-39 (84.6%), at an urban hospital (95%). 19.3% of patients had comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, obesity, hypothyroidism, anemia). Death occurred in 9 patients. Lifethreatening complications occurred in 4.4% of patients (DVT/PE 2.2%, RF 1.5%, ARDS 0.9%, intubation 0.5%). Older patients >= 40 years old (Odds Ratio [OR]=3.4 95% CI: 1.1, 10.8 p=0.04), ones with comorbidities (OR=2.1, 95% CI: 1.3, 3.3, p<0.01), and African American patients (OR=2.1, 95% CI: 1.2, 3.7, p<0.01) were more likely to develop these life-threatening conditions. Patients with comorbidities (OR=0.5, 95% CI: 0.3, 0.8, p<0.01), were also less likely to have routine discharge from the hospital. Adjusting for patient and hospital demographics, patients with comorbidities were more likely to develop DVT/PE (OR 2.5, 95% CI: 1.3, 4.8, p<0.01) and RF (OR=2.3, 95% CI: 1.2, 4.2, p=0.01). Patients who developed life-threatening complications had longer LOS (OR=3.7, 95% CI: 2.3, 6.1, p<0.01) and higher hospital cost (OR=1.7, 95% CI: 1.2, 2.4, p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with common comorbidities have worse outcomes in severe OHSS. Furthermore, these complications are associated with high cost and hospital burden. Given the increasing number of IVF patients with comorbidities, these findings suggest that risk stratification and closer monitoring of patients who have these comorbid conditions may pre- vent the development of severe OHSS and life-threatening complications. Additionally, utilizing freeze-all cycles to avoid pregnancy should be considered for these patients to decrease risk of OHSS and severe late complications.
The prevalence and correlates of severe depression in a cohort of Mexican teachers; Background: Depression is among the 10 major causes of disability in Mexico. Yet, local contextual factors associated to the disorder remain poorly understood. We measured the impact of several factors on severe depression such as demographics, pharmacotherapy, multimorbidity, and unhealthy behaviors in Mexican teachers. Methods: A total of 43,845 Mexican female teachers from 12 Mexican states answered the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9). Data were part the Mexican Teacher's Cohort prospective study, the largest ongoing cohort study in Latin America. Unadjusted and adjusted estimates assessed the impact of several contextual factors between severe versus mild-no depression cases. Results: In total 7026 teachers (16%) had a PHQ9 score compatible with severe depression. From them, only 17% received psychotropics, compared to 60% for those with a formal diagnosis. Less than 5% of teachers with PHQ9 scores compatible with severe depression had a formal diagnosis. Adjusted analysis reported higher odds of pharmacotherapy, having ≥ 3 comorbidities, higher levels of couple, family and work stress, fewer hours of vigorous physical activity, higher alcohol consumption, and smoking as risk factors for severe depression. Also, rural residents of northern and center states appeared more severely depressed compared to their urban counterparts. On average, the PHQ9 scores differed by ~ 10 points between severe and mild-no depressed teachers. Limitations: A cross-sectional design. Also, the study focused on female teachers between ages 25 and 74 years old, reducing the generalizability of the estimates. Conclusion: Under-diagnosis of clinical depression in Mexican teachers is concerning. Unhealthy behavior is associated with severe depression. The information collected in this study represents an opportunity to build prevention mechanisms of depression in high-risk subgroups of female educators and warrants improving access to mental care in Mexico.
Diagnosis and management of the antiphospholipid syndrome; The antiphospholipid syndrome is a systemic autoimmune disease defined by thrombotic or obstetrical events that occur in patients with persistent antiphospholipid antibodies.1 Thrombotic antiphospholipid syndrome is characterized by venous, arterial, or microvascular thrombosis. Patients with catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome present with thrombosis involving multiple organs.2 Obstetrical antiphospholipid syndrome is characterized by fetal loss after the 10th week of gestation, recurrent early miscarriages, intrauterine growth restriction, or severe preeclampsia.1 The major nonthrombotic manifestations of antiphospholipid- antibody positivity include valvular heart disease, livedo, antiphospholipidantibody- related nephropathy, thrombocytopenia, hemolytic anemia, and cognitive dysfunction. The antiphospholipid syndrome is often associated with other systemic autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE); however, it commonly occurs without other autoimmune manifestations (primary antiphospholipid syndrome). Although criteria for classification of the antiphospholipid syndrome have been proposed, 1 the definition of clinically significant antiphospholipid-antibody positivity is not well established, and thrombosis is generally multifactorial. Our objectives are to help both general practitioners and specialty-based physicians recognize and accurately diagnose the antiphospholipid syndrome, as well as to provide basic recommendations for the treatment of patients who are persistently positive for antiphospholipid antibodies. Given the limited number of well-designed, randomized, controlled trials, our recommendations are evidence-based whenever possible but often reflect expert opinion.
Coagulopathy complicated by bleeding disorder; Objective Certain acquired hypercoagulable states cause an increase in tendency to develop blood clots, venous and arterial thrombosis. Thrombosis in turn leads to significant morbidity and mortality. Common risk factors for acquired hypercoagulability are age, immobilization, pregnancy, hormonal supplements and cancer. Hereditary factors leading to thrombosis usually present at a younger age. Causes include mutations of Factor V Leiden and Prothrombin 20210A, and deficiency of Protein C, Protein S and antithrombin. Rarely, bleeding and clotting tendencies can present in the same patient leading to a challenging situation requiring a fine balance between those two conditions. Method Case report. Results A 61year-old Caucasian male presented with neck tightness and burning chest pain in September 2012, found to have pericarditis and non-obstructive CAD. He had a history of radiation exposure in Chernobyl, long-standing well-controlled type 2 diabetes associated with hyperlipidemia, chronic back pain, Vitamin D deficiency and depression. He had a smoking history of 30 pack years. His medications included liraglutide, rosuvastatin, trazodone, Vitamin D3, losartan, gabapentin and oxycodone. Electrocardiogram showed old anterior wall myocardial infarction. Angiogram was normal. Hence, clotting factor work up was done. Blood work showed Homocysteinemia (13 U, reference: <10 U), PAI-1 genotype, heterozygous MTHFR C677T and heterozygous MTHFR A1298C mutations. All these factors contributed to hypercoagulability. He was given methyl folate, Vitamin B6 and Vitamin B12 supplementation for homocysteinemia. He was doing well for 2 years, except occasional anginas which were treated with nitroglycerine. During a routine blood work in October 2014, he was found to have thrombocytopenia (platelet count- 51,000, compared to 231,000 in April 2013). Between 2014 and 2016, his platelet counts ranged between 40,000 to 104,000, he was diagnosed with immune thrombocytopenic purpura per Hematologist. In July 2016, he developed severe pain in left leg and was diagnosed with deep vein thrombosis and started on rivaroxaban. In August 2016, he was tested positive for DRVVT lupus anticoagulant, cardiolipin antibody IgM and beta-2 glycoprotein 1 IgG antibodies. One week before the DVT diagnosis his platelet count dropped from 51,000 to 26,000. He was treated with prednisone and IVIGhis platelet count started climbing up but still ranged between 50,000-80,000. In December 2016, his platelet count was 3,000 requiring emergent transfusion, IVIG and increased dose of prednisone followed by recovery to 130,000 over the next few days. He was started on rituximab, but his thrombocyte count did not normalize. At the end of January 2017 patient's rivaroxaban was stopped and about 3 weeks later he developed acute PE. Anticoagulation was restarted, and the patient was started on apixaban. Since August through October 2017, his platelet count has been within normal range. On repeating lupus anticoagulant test, the test turned out positive for platelet neutralization and DRVVT test. Conclusion Thrombocytopenia in the presence of clotting disorders still can lead to development of deep vein thrombosis and severe drop of platelets should increase suspicion for that. Management of thrombocytopenia and deep vein thrombosis at the same time is very challenging and should be done by hematologist who specializes in both.
Is Infection an Independent Risk Factor for Venous Thromboembolism? A Population-Based, Case-Control Study; Background: The independent association of recent infection with venous thromboembolism is uncertain. The study aims were to test both overall infection (site unspecified) and specific infection sites as potential risk factors for deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism adjusting for other known venous thromboembolism factors. Methods: By using Rochester Epidemiology Project resources, we identified all Olmsted County, Minnesota, residents with objectively diagnosed incident deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism over the 13-year period 1988 to 2000 (cases; n = 1303) and 1 to 2 residents without venous thromboembolism matched to each case on age, sex, and incident venous thromboembolism date (controls; n = 1494). Using conditional logistic regression, we tested recent infection and infection site(s) for an association with venous thromboembolism, adjusting for body mass index, smoking, current/recent hospitalization with/without surgery, nursing home confinement, active cancer, trauma/fracture, leg paresis, prior superficial vein thrombosis, transvenous catheter/pacemaker, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, chronic lung or renal disease, serious liver disease, asthma, diabetes mellitus, hormone therapy, and pregnancy/postpartum. Results: A total of 513 cases (39.4%) and 189 controls (12.7%) had an infection in the previous 92 days (odds ratio, 4.5; 95% confidence interval, 3.6-5.5; P <.0001). In a multivariable analysis adjusting for common venous thromboembolism risk factors, pneumonia and symptomatic urinary tract, oral, intra-abdominal, and systemic bloodstream infections were associated with significantly increased odds of venous thromboembolism. Conclusions: Infection as a whole and specific infection sites in particular are independent risk factors for venous thromboembolism and should be considered as potential indications for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis.
Antimalarials - are they effective and safe in rheumatic diseases?; Antimalarial drugs (AD) are a group of widespread therapeutic agents in multiple rheumatic indications. Although the effect of AD is mild and extended in time, low toxicity is their appreciated value. This paper describes the current state of knowledge on the mechanism of action, use, toxicity and pleiotropic effects of AD in the pharmacotherapy of autoimmune diseases.
Safety of hormonal contraception for obese women; Introduction: Obese women have special safety requirements for contraceptive choice, but the evidence supporting such decision is dispersed and sometimes conflicting. Despite being effective, well tolerated and safe for most women, hormonal contraceptives are underused by obese women due to fear of contraceptive failure, weight gain and venous thrombosis. Areas covered: We performed a comprehensive literature search to identify studies about hormonal contraception in overweight and obese women, including safety concerns. We considered the safety of hormonal contraceptives for otherwise healthy obese women and for those with comorbidities such as hypertension, diabetes, vascular disease, or a history of deep venous thrombosis. Expert opinion: Over time there is no convincing evidence that obesity increases the risk of contraceptive failure. Hormonal contraceptive users may have a modest weight gain that is comparable to that of non-users. Current evidence supports the safe use of combined hormonal contraceptives by obese women after detailed clinical screening to exclude comorbidities that may contraindicate the use of estrogens. Progestin-only methods are generally safe, and long-acting reversible contraceptives hold the best combination of efficacy, safety and convenience for this group, although individualization is advisable.
POWER and LEED, not pull back rate, are the key determinants of long term success in Endovenous Laser Ablation (EVLA) of the truncal saphenous veins: A prospective study of endovenous laser ablation using the 1470-nm jacket-tip Angiodynamics Never TouchTM laser fiber in 203 consecutive patients; Objective/Purpose Statement: Multiple factors have been proposed as the key determinants of successful closure and sustained venous occlusion following Endovenous Laser Ablation (EVLA). These include delivered energy, laser emission wavelength, pull back rate, continuous versus pulsed mode laser emission, type of fiber tip (bare, jacketed, radial) and the LEED (Linear Endovenous Energy Density). LEED is dependent on many factors including the power output (wattage=Joules/sec), treatment duration, and the rate/direction in which any given vein wall segment is exposed to thermal energy (pull back rate, beam geometry, laser fiber tip factors). Using a jacket-tip proprietary “non-vein wall contact” glass weld 600 mm fiber (effective 905 mm diameter, Angiodynamics Never TouchTM) in a large prospectively studied cohort of chronic venous insufficiency patients with clinical EVLA indications, the following objectives were studied in long term follow-up of at least 3months-1year: 1. Examine the key determinants of successful vein closure and laser-tissue interaction; more specifically, discern the relative importance of laser power output, LEED, and pull back rate in determining successful maintained vein occlusion across time. 2. Determine the threshold LEED value for 90% success in achieving sustained vein occlusion in long term follow-up. 3. Determine the optimal power setting for the Never TouchTM EVLA fiber to achieve the 90% success across a range of manual pull back rates used in clinical practice. Method: A prospective study of 203 (2014-2016) serial out-patients with chronic venous insufficiency/varicose veins/venous reflux symptoms, CEAP classification C2-C6, in one or both legs. Pre-procedure and follow up (Table presented) standing/supine duplex ultrasounds: patency, obstruction, and reflux in the GSV, SSV perforating and deep veins of both limbs. Reflux defined as >0.5 seconds reflux after releasing thigh or calf compression in the standing position. Exclusion criteria: prior deep vein thrombosis, age <18 years, lack of informed consent, pregnancy, inability to ambulate, current anticoagulant therapy, severely reduced pedal pulses, sclerosant allergy, prior vein ablation, or anatomic factors preventing catheter advancement. Tumescent anesthesia and EVLA power settings 6W-12W were utilized. Success Definition: Sustained occlusion of treated vein at any time point beyond one week after EVLA. Regression modeling utilized to determine predictors of success, LEED threshold, and optimal power settings. Results: 203 patients (59% female, 41% male) comprising 336 ablated veins were studied. 86% were greater (long) saphenous veins (GSV) and 14% were lesser (short) saphenous veins (SSV). No patients were lost to follow up or withdrew from the study. The mean reflux times in seconds for right GSV, right SSV and left GSV, left SSV were (3.8, 3.6) and (3.5, 3.5) respectively. Mean GSV diameter treated was 5.9mm (right GSV) and 6mm (left GSV). Mean age was 65.7 years; mean BMI was 31.8; mean was LEED 21.6 J/cm; mean pull back rate was 4.7 mm/sec; and mean power was 9.7 watts. Concomitant prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors was extensive: Diabetes (38.1%), hypertension (71.1%), hyperlipidemia (66%), chronic kidney disease (5.1%), and coronary artery disease (11.7%). Summary statistics are presented in Table 1. Figure 1 illustrates the frequency of success vs. failure of ablation as a function of power, LEED, and pull back rate. Based on these frequency distributions, we analyzed the power-to-success relationship by stratifying the power output into two groups (6-7 watts and 8-12 watts). The frequency of failure diminished markedly as the output increased at and above 8 watts. Maximal success:failure ratios were observed at the highest power outputs of 8 W-12W. The distributions of success to failure for the LEED relationship was skewed rightward and increased up to 20 J/cm and then decreased. Success exceeded failure at all pull back rates studied. Figure 2 presents the Kaplan-Meier curve for the analysis of the success time (in days) for the two power groups (6-7 w vs. 8-12 W). The Cox proportional hazards (PH) model indicated that the power group of 6-7W has decreased chance of success than 8-12W (estimate=1.1249; p=0.00079). This also implied that the power outputs from 8-12W were significantly better at maintaining successful long term closure after EVLT than 6-7W. We also examined the PH model with three predictors in the model: (1) power group (6-7 w vs. 8-12 w); (2) LEED; (3) pull back rate. We found that for power, estimate=0.746 and p=0.049, for LEED, estimate=0.0638 and p=0.006, and for pull back rate, estimate=0.0378 and p=0.666; implying that power and LEED were significant predictors of successful maintained vein occlusion, but pull back rate had no effect. Figure 3, presents the success probability plots based on univariate logistic regression models. We established cutoff values for power and LEED that yield estimates of 90% probability of success. These results suggest a 90% or greater probability of success for power output> 10.34W (estimate=0.438; p<0.00001) and LEED> 26.56 J/cm (estimate=0.0771; p=0.0008). In terms of univariate logistic regression modeling, the power output was the most important variable determining success (z=4.81, p<0.0000015), this remained true even after subdivision into power groups: [6-7W versus 8-12W] (z=3.10, p<0.002). LEED was the second most influential in determining EVLA success (z=3.35, p<0.0008). Pull back rate remained insignificant in predicting success (p=0.38). Multivariate logistic regression analysis confirmed both power (p<0.040) and LEED (p<0.0084) as significant determinants of ablation success but not the pull back rate, which remained insignificant (p=0.69). The incidence of clinical side effects for up to 1 month post ablation, (defined as DVT confirmed within 10 days post ablation by ultrasound, bruising, severe pain requiring sustained analgesic therapy, paresthesia or numbness, sustained edema requiring diuretic therapy), were all assessed by univariate logistic regression. We found these to be not significantly associated with power output (p=0.14), LEED (p=0.71), or pull back rate (p=0.39). Conclusions: 1) Power and LEED are KEY determinants of long term success of laser saphenous vein ablation. Laser power output is the foremost determinant of ablation success followed by LEED. 2) Pull back rate has an insignificant effect on long term success across the range of pull back rates utilized. 3) A 90% or better probability of long term ablation success is achieved when a power output of>10.34 w and/or a LEED>26.56 J/cm is utilized. 4) Neither power, LEED, or pull back rates were correlated with side effects/complications across the range of values studied. 5) While ideal values for power/LEED will vary according to laser generator and fiber type, as well as clinical population/vein type studied; our findings suggest that utilization of higher power outputs and LEED values commensurate with minimizing side effects, will yield the best results. 6) Limitations: Non-utilization of motorized pull back device (pull back consistency) and non randomized power output assignment. 7) Future randomized studies could test laser/fiber combinations using differing power and motorized pull back combinations that fix LEED at >20 J/cm to confirm exact roles of high vs. low power and pull back velocity in EVLA closure success.
Effect of alcohol intoxication on the risk of venous thromboembolism; This study investigated whether alcohol intoxication (AI) increases the risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) by using the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD). Using data from the NHIRD, we assembled 61,229 patients with acute AI and randomly selected 244,916 controls. Each patient was monitored from 2000 to 2011 to identify those who were subsequently diagnosed with deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). Cox proportional hazard regression analysis was conducted to determine the risk of VTE in the patients with AI compared with the controls. The incidence rate of DVT during the 10 years follow-up period was 9.36 per 10,000 person-years and 2.07 per 10,000 person-years in the AI and non-AI cohorts, respectively. Moreover, the incidence rate of PE was 4 per 10,000 person-years in the AI cohort and 0.93 in the non-AI cohort. After adjustment for age, sex, and comorbidities, the risks of DVT and PE were 3.40 [95% confidence interval (CI)=2.83-4.08] and 3.53 (95% CI=2.69-4.65)-fold higher in the AI cohort than in the non-AI cohort. An increased incidence of VTE was observed among patients with AI. Therefore, physicians should carefully estimate the risk of VTE in patients with AI.
Need for pharmacogenetic studies on the prevalence of MTHFR mutations in Puerto Ricans and Hispanics; Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) mutations have been linked to many diseases. Evidence has been provided to prove that we need to perform pharmacogenetic studies regarding the prevalence of MTHFR mutations and diseases, risks, and the impact on folate requirement in general, but little has been published about Puerto Ricans. A multi center cross-sectional retrospective review study or a prospective pharmacogenetic study of valid genotypes and phenotypes of MTHFR mutations within the different populations of Puerto Ricans and Hispanics are recommended, because differences within them and within the general population are expected.
Risk factors and prognosis of ovarian vein thrombosis; Ovarian vein thrombosis (OVT) remains poorly understood with no consensus regarding its importance or treatment. In this retrospective study, we investigated the clinical features, risk factors, treatment patterns, and prognosis of patients with OVT, including venous thromboembolism (VTE) recurrences. Adult patients who presented to our medical center with an identifiable diagnosis of OVT over a 10-year period were included in this retrospective observational study. Individual patient charts were reviewed to collect baseline and outcomes data. We identified 223 women with OVT. Median follow-up was 857 days. Only 36.6% presented with abdominal pain and 61.4% reported a history of gynecologic surgery. Overall, right or left OVT incidence was similar (44.6 and 41.4%, respectively) but peripartum patients were more likely to have right OVT (60.0%, PU0.03). VTE recurred in 22 (9.9%) women, all of which were remote from the OVT and there were no recurrences in peripartum patients. Mean (WSD) time to recurrence was 409 (W421) days. Only 7.6% of OVT patients were anticoagulated for OVT; these women had a 38% reduction in VTE recurrence but because of low numbers, this was not statistically significant. VTE recurrence after OVT was associated with greater mortality in all patients, including patients with cancer. OVT is associated with an increased rate of non-OVT recurrence. Peripartum OVT patients appear to constitute a different patient population as they were younger, exhibited different risk factors, and had no increased incidence of recurrence. Although only a minority of patients with OVT was anticoagulated, this group had a reduction in VTE recurrence. A prospective study is needed to determine the utility of anticoagulation for women with OVT.
Thromboembolic events and bleeding in MPN: Prevention and therapy; Myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN), such as Essential Thrombocythaemia (ET), Polycythemia Vera (PV), and Primary Myelofibrosis (PMF), are associated with significant morbidity. In addition to MPN progression (myelofibrosis, blast phase), thromboembolic events and hemorrhages are the main complications, deteriorating survival and quality of life of MPN patients. The prevention and treatment of these two complications is therefore one of the major goals in treatment guidelines for MPN worldwide. Relevant thromboembolic events occur in approximately 30-40% of MPN patients, being significantly more frequent than in the general population, and cardiovascular disease, such as CHD, ischemic stroke, and pulmonary embolism, is the primary cause for mortality in 40% of MPN patients. The incidence of thromboembolism is highest at the time of MPN diagnosis. A special clinical feature in MPN patients is the high proportion of rare localizations, such as portal and liver vein thromboses (Budd-Chiari syndrome). Severe hemorrhages (such as CNS bleeding, retroperitoneal hemorrhage, hemorrhage with an Hgb decrease of 2 g / dl, or bleeding with transfusion requirement) occur in approximately 5-10% of the MPN patients, and the mortality of these bleeding was 0-10% in most studies. Bleeding occurred less frequently before than after MPN diagnosis, which suggests a connection between bleeding and aspirin and / or anticoagulation. Prevention, early detection, and safe treatment of thromboembolic events and severe bleeding are the mainstay of current therapy in MPN. This includes rigorous ASA treatment and phlebotomies in PV and aspirin in patients with erythromelalgia or high cardiovascular risk in ET and PMF. The close control and treatment of cardiovascular risk factors (arterial hypertension, smoking, hyperlipoproteinemias, obesity, diabetes mellitus) are of great relevance. In addition, early detection and therapy of thromboembolic events and hemorrhages is crucial to diminish mortality and morbidity of MPN patients. Due to the chronicity of MPN, permanent anticoagulation is necessary in most cases of thromboembolic disease, taking into account the individual's tendency for thrombosis and bleeding. Specific situations (esophageal varices in portal vein thromboses, planned surgeries, pregnancies, thrombophilia) present a challenge in daily practice. This lecture will cover the specifics of prevention and therapy of thromboembolic events and bleeding episodes in MPN patients.
Sex disparities in hospitalization and mortality rates for venous thromboembolism; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a major health problem for both men and women. Whether sex disparities exist for outcomes after acute VTE is unknown. We sought to measure sex-specific rates of hospitalization for and mortality from acute VTE. We used a population-based administrative dataset from Alberta, Canada, covering the years 2002 to 2012. We used Poisson regression to measure the incidence rate ratio for hospitalization and Cox regression to test for sex disparities in short-term all-cause mortality after adjusting for potential confounders. Of those diagnosed with VTE, 55.9% were women. The proportion of hospitalized women for VTE was 24.4 versus 27.8% in men (p < 0.001). The risk adjusted incidence rate ratio for VTE hospitalization increased with age for both sex. While women younger than 80 years old were less likely to be hospitalized than men, sex disparities for the risk of hospitalization were not significant after age 80 (p = 0.93). The adjusted 90-day all-cause mortality rate for women was 4.0% compared to 4.9% in men (adjusted HR = 1.0, p = 0.49). Women with acute VTE were less likely than men to be hospitalized in most age groups, but sex disparities in short-term all-cause mortality were not found.
Medical problems in pregnancy; The prevalence of medical problems in pregnancy is increasing because of a complex interplay between demographic and lifestyle factors, and developments in modern medicine. Maternal mortality and morbidity resulting from treatable medical conditions, such as venous thromboembolism, epilepsy and autoimmune disease, have not decreased in recent years. This is despite a marked decrease in overall maternal mortality. It is vital that all physicians acquire a basic knowledge and understanding of medical problems in pregnancy. This includes prepregnancy measures such as counselling and optimisation of medical therapy, as well as multidisciplinary management throughout pregnancy and the postpartum period. Prompt recognition and treatment of acute and chronic illness is of clear benefit, and most drugs and many radiological investigations may be used in pregnancy.
Consequences of maternal morbidity on health-related functioning: A systematic scoping review; Objectives To assess the scope of the published literature on the consequences of maternal morbidity on health-related functioning at the global level and identify key substantive findings as well as research and methodological gaps. Methods We searched for articles published between 2005 and 2014 using Medline, Embase, Popline, CINAHL Plus and three regional bibliographic databases in January 2015. Design Systematic scoping review Primary outcome Health-related functioning Results After screening 17 706 studies, 136 articles were identified for inclusion. While a substantial number of papers have documented mostly negative effects of morbidity on health-related functioning and well-being, the body of evidence is not spread evenly across conditions, domains or geographical regions. Over 60% of the studies focus on indirect conditions such as depression, diabetes and incontinence. Health-related functioning is often assessed by instruments designed for the general population including the 36-item Short Form or disease-specific tools. The functioning domains most frequently documented are physical and mental; studies that examined physical, mental, social, economic and specifically focused on marital, maternal and sexual functioning are rare. Only 16 studies were conducted in Africa. Conclusions Many assessments have not been comprehensive and have paid little attention to important functioning domains for pregnant and postpartum women. The development of a comprehensive instrument specific to maternal health would greatly advance our understanding of burden of ill health associated with maternal morbidity and help set priorities. The lack of attention to consequences on functioning associated with the main direct obstetric complications is of particular concern. Review registration CRD42015017774
Recurrent deep vein thrombosis after the first venous thromboembolism event: A single-institution experience; Background: We investigated the frequency, clinical presentation, risk factors, and outcome after the first deep vein thrombosis (DVT) event. Material/Methods: A retrospective study was conducted for patients with DVT between 2008 and 2012 with a 1-year follow-up. Patients were divided into 2 groups: single vs. recurrent DVT (RDVT). Results: Of the 6420 patients screened for DVT, 662 (10.3%) had DVT. RDVT constituted 22% of cases. A single event was more frequent in left lower limb DVT (p=0.01), while RDVT cases had more bilateral DVT (p=0.01). Recurrent pulmonary embolism (PE) and comorbidities were significantly higher in the RDVT group (P<0.05). Protein C, protein S, and anti-thrombin III deficiency were higher in patients with RDVT (P<0.05). Post-thrombotic syndrome was significantly higher among RDVT cases (p=0.01). In addition, obesity, abnormal coagulation, and prior history of PE and bilateral DVT were found to be independent predictors of RDVT. The PE rate was greater with RDVT than those with single events (22% vs. 9%, p=0.001); however, during follow-up and after adjustment for age and sex, this effect was statistically insignificant (adjusted HR 1.23, 95% CI 0.43–3.57, p=0.68). The age- and sex-adjusted mortality rate was higher in patients with single events with a HR 2.3; 95%CI 1.18–4.54 (p=0.01); however, this effect disappeared after adjusting for the duration of warfarin therapy (p=0.22). Conclusions: Patients with RDVT are common and have characteristic features that required more attention and further evaluation. These findings should help identifying high-risk patients and set effective preventive measures for RDVT that may revise the duration of warfarin therapy.
The role of factor V Leiden 1691G>A and prothrombin 20210G>A mutations in hypercoagulable state associated with venous thromboembolism among sudanese patients; Introduction: Venous thromboembolic disease (VTE) is a term encompassing deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), or a combination of both. The factor V Leiden (FVL) is the most frequent hereditary cause of VTE in Caucasian but not present in African. The second most frequent genetic cause is prothrombin gene (PRT) mutation. Prevalence in VTE patients varying between 20-50% for FVL and 5-19% for PRT mutation. Presence of FVL mutation increases risk for venous thrombosis 7-fold in heterozygotes and 80-fold in homozygotes. Methods: This was a descriptive, Cross sectional study, in which a total of 176 Sudanese subjects were enrolled in the period between July 2015 and July 2016. Among them, 138 patients (47 males and 91 females),age range 18-90 with clinical features of VTE confirmed by Duplex Doppler US at Khartoum Teaching Hospital were included.Clinical data including age, sex, personal and family history for thromboembolic evidence, known risk factors for VTE were collected. The controls included 38 apparently healthy Sudanese individuals. Controls were free from family history of VTE, Coagulation disorders and risk factors of VTE. Genomic DNA was extracted from EDTA blood and purified using Aidlab Genomic extraction Kit (China) according to the manufacture protocol. FVL (1691G>A) and PRT (20210G>A) mutation were determined by PCR-RFLP method as described by Nahid A et al. with some modifications. Results: The data were collected for 138(65.9% females 34.1% males) with documented VTE, in this study 67% of total VTE patients were over the age of 40. Increased age was noted in the VTE patients with over 34% over the age of 60 years. The controlled subjects included significantly younger individual with 92.1% under the age of 50 and 81.5% under the age of 40 years. The past medical history for the overall sample included: without medical history 29%, POD 23% post natal 16.7%, hypertension 5.8%, pregnancy 5.8%, thyroids disease 4.3%, diabetes mellitus 4.3%, malignancy 2.9%, liver disease 2.2%, CVD 2.2%, sickle cells disease 1.4%, CVA 0.7%, respiratory disease 0.7%, SLE 0.7%. Amplification of a region of FVL using the specified primers gave normal PCR products of 241 bp and normal PCR for 20210G>A gene yields a product sized 345bp is shown in Figure 1. The FVL 1691G>A and PRT 20210G>A mutations was not detected in this study population. Conclusions: Both FVL 1691G>A and PRT 20210G>A mutations were absent and only the normal alleles were detected in VTE patients and controlled groups.
Genotyping analysis of protein S-Tokushima (K196E) and the involvement of protein S antigen and activity in patients with recurrent pregnancy loss; Objective Preston et al. indicated that Protein S (PS) deficiency was associated with stillbirths but not miscarriages. The PS-Tokushima missense variant was reported to serve as a genetic risk factor for deep vein thrombosis in the Japanese population. A previous cross-sectional study showed no increase in the prevalence of PS-Tokushima in patients with recurrent early pregnancy loss or in patients with intra uterine fetal death and/or fetal growth restriction. There has been limited number of prospective studies examining the pregnancy outcome in patients with both a PS deficiency and recurrent pregnancy loss (RPL). We examined the association between PS deficiency, PS-Tokushima and RPL. Study design The study group consisted of 355 Japanese women with two or more consecutive pregnancy losses and 101 parous women. The frequency of PS-Tokushima and the subsequent live birth rate in relation to a PS deficiency defined as low PS-specific activity (total PS activity/total PS antigen) and the carriage of PS-Tokushima were examined. Results and conclusions There was no significant difference in the frequency of PS-Tokushima between patients and controls. The 8 patients carriers of PS-Tokushima variant were capable of a subsequent live birth without the use of heparin. There was no significant difference in subsequent live birth rates between patients with low or normal PS-specific activity/PS activity without heparin prophylaxis after excluding miscarriages caused by an abnormal embryonic karyotype using multivariate logistic regression analysis. There was no association between PS-Tokushima and RPL and a PS deficiency or low PS activity was shown not to serve as a reliable clinical predictor of subsequent miscarriage.
Cardiovascular risk factors are major determinants of thrombotic risk in patients with the lupus anticoagulant; Background: Patients with the lupus anticoagulant (LA) are at an increased risk of thrombotic events, which in turn increase the risk of death. Understanding the determinants of thrombotic risk in patients with LA may pave the way towards targeted thromboprophylaxis. In the Vienna Lupus Anticoagulant and Thrombosis Study (LATS), we systematically evaluate risk factors for thrombotic events in patients with LA. Methods: We followed 150 patients (mean age: 41.3 years, female gender: n = 122 (81.3%), history of thrombosis or pregnancy complications: n = 111 (74.0%)), who tested repeatedly positive for LA until development of thrombosis, death, or censoring. The primary endpoint was a composite of arterial or venous thrombotic events (TEs). Results: During a median follow-up of 9.5 years (range: 12 days-13.6 years) and 1076 person-years, 32 TEs occurred (arterial: n = 16, venous: n = 16; cumulative 10-year TE incidence: 24.3%). A prolonged lupus-sensitive activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT-LA) (adjusted subdistribution hazard ratio (SHR) = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.07--5.02), diabetes (adjusted SHR = 4.39, 95% CI: 1.42-13.57), and active smoking (adjusted SHR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.14-5.02) emerged as independent risk factors of both arterial and venous thrombotic risk. A risk model that includes a prolonged lupus-sensitive aPTT, smoking, and diabetes enabled stratification of LA patients into subgroups with a low, intermediate, and high risk of thrombosis (5-year TE risk of 9.7% (n = 77), 30.9% (n = 51), and 56.8% (n = 22). Conclusions: Long-term thrombotic risk in patients with LA is clustered within subjects harboring typical cardiovascular risk factors in addition to a prolonged lupus-sensitive aPTT, whereas patients with none of these risk factors represent a large subgroup with a low risk of thrombosis.
Short- and long-term safety outcomes with ixekizumab from 7 clinical trials in psoriasis: Etanercept comparisons and integrated data; Background Safety of biologics is important when treating patients with psoriasis. Objective We sought to determine the safety of ixekizumab in psoriasis. Methods Integrated safety data are presented from a 12-week induction period, a 12- to 60-week maintenance period, and from all ixekizumab-treated patients from 7 clinical trials. Exposure-adjusted incidence rates (IRs) per 100 patient-years are reported. Results Overall, 4209 patients received ixekizumab (total exposure: 6480 patient-years). During the induction period, the IRs of patients experiencing 1 or more treatment-emergent adverse event (AE) were 251 and 236 among ixekizumab- and etanercept-treated patients, respectively, and for serious AEs was 8.3 in both groups. During maintenance, for ixekizumab, the IRs of treatment-emergent AEs and serious AEs were 100.4 and 7.8, respectively. Among all ixekizumab-treated patients from 7 trials, the IR of Candida infections was 2.5. The IRs of treatment-emergent AEs of special interest (including serious infections, malignancies, major adverse cardiovascular events) were comparable for ixekizumab and etanercept during the induction period. Limitations Additional long-term data are required. Conclusion Ixekizumab had an acceptable safety profile with no unexpected safety findings during ixekizumab maintenance in psoriasis.
Surgical revision of a biliopancreatic diversion in a problematic patient: A case report; Introduction Biliopancreatic diversion changes the normal process of digestion by making the stomach smaller; this allows the ingested food to bypass a part of the small intestine and leads to a smaller amount of food calories absorption. This type of surgery is burdened by serious health risks (even death) and it's indicated and reserved for people with severe obesity (BMI ≥50) who haven't been able to lose weight in any other way. In addition, it's currently established as a primary contraindication for bariatric surgery the coexistence of any kind of eating disorder (specific or NAS). Simplifying the post-operatory phase, the biliopancreatic diversion reduces the original size of the stomach, with consensual reduced amount of eaten food; furthermore, bypassing part of the intestine also means a lowering calories absorption, leading to a weight loss. Others risks (common to all type of bariatric surgeries) include infection of the surgical access, leak of the surgical anastomosys (resulting in peritonitis) and systemic complication such as deep vein thrombosis, or pulmonary embolism, gallstones or nutritional deficiency condition such as anaemia, vitamin deficit or neurological complication. The specific short-term and long-term risks of biliopancreatic diversion, including the dumping syndrome (that causes nausea, weakness, sweating, faintness, and possibly diarrhoea soon after eating; the symptoms get worse after eating highly refined, high-calorie food), osteoporosis, bad smelling stools and diarrhoea (that also lead to poor absorption of protein, fat, calcium, iron, and vitamins B12, A, D, E, and K). There also are a few reports of demise due to unrecognised-untreated proteic malnutrition. If the complication and nutrition deficiency are unmanageable, it's assessable a surgical revision, even burdened by a huge amount of complication and clinical risk. Material & Methods Female, 50 yr. Positive family history for diabetes and scleroderma. Personal diagnosis of bipolar disorder, eating disorder and border-line personality. BMI 35. In 1998 submits a vertical banded gastroplasty (VBG-McLean version) and in 2006 undergo a biliopancreatic diversion. Both post operatory periods are complicated by severe anaemia, with need of hospitalisation and iv support. In the following years, fluctuating BMI and poor adherence to the various treatment required for the several health complications, both clinical and psychiatric. Meanwhile, two-term pregnancies, complicated by malnutrition and anaemia. Persistence of disordered eating behaviour, with nocturnal eating syndrome, binge eating and prandial overeating; subsequently occurrence of nocturnal unconscious eating, with tendency to underweight. For the late appearance of a bleeding gastric ulcer (unresponsive to medical therapy with IPP and endoscopic infiltration), caused by the protrusion of VBG staples, after an evaluation of the high risks related to surgery, the patient undergoes a revision of the biliopancreatic diversion and VBG. Discussion Currently, slow clinical recovery. The patient complains of intense abdominal pain, but the hypos are partly resolved and the BMI is within the normal weight range. Conclusion This case-report highlights once more (if necessary) the need of an adequate clinical and psychiatric evaluation of patients eligible for bariatric surgery, and allows us to observe the anatomical and clinical rehabilitation secondary to gastro-jejunal and pancreatic surgical ri-conversion, after a long period of induced malabsorption.
Environmental factors influencing the risk of autism; Autism is a developmental disability with age of onset in childhood (under 3 years old), which is characterized by definite impairments in social interactions, abnormalities in speech, and stereotyped pattern of behaviors. Due to the progress of autism in recent decades, a wide range of studies have been done to identify the etiological factors of autism. It has been found that genetic and environmental factors are both involved in autism pathogenesis. Hence, in this review article, a set of environmental factors involved in the occurrence of autism has been collected, and finally, some practical recommendations for reduction of the risk of this devastating disease in children are represented.
Incidence of Venous Thromboembolism in Asian Populations: A Systematic Review; Introduction Despite a marked recent increase in the number of publications describing the incidence of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in Asia, and especially in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Japan and Singapore, there remains a lack of consensus on the true risks, and trends over time, to inform appropriate clinical practice. The purpose of this systematic review was therefore to examine evidence about the incidence of symptomatic VTE in Asia. Methods Databases were searched for studies from Asia, published between January 1995 and February 2016, on the incidence of symptomatic VTE, deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism. Review of eligible studies was conducted independently by two reviewers. Data were extracted on incidence, predispositions and recurrence of VTE. Results One thousand nighty-five studies were identified, of which 73 were eligible for full text review and data extraction. Three population-wide estimates of VTE rates identified from Korea, Taiwan and Hong Kong reported annual incidences of 13.8, 15.9 and 19.9 per 100,000, respectively. Nine studies of Asian hospital registries or databases reported VTE rates ranging from 11 to 88 cases per 10,000 admissions. Population-based estimates of post-surgical DVT rates ranged from 0.15 to 1.35%. Age was a significant risk factor for VTE in all population groups. Conclusion Population-wide incidence estimates in Asia were approximately 15 to 20% of the levels recorded in western countries but have increased over time. It is anticipated this synthesis of evidence on the incidence of VTE and its predisposing factors will increase awareness about VTE in Asian populations.
Risk of complications after thyroidectomy and parathyroidectomy: A case series with planned chart review; Objective To develop a predictive model for the risk of complications after thyroid and parathyroid surgery. Study Design Case series with planned chart review of patients undergoing surgery, 2007-2013. Setting Kaiser Permanente Northern California and Kaiser Permanente Southern California. Subjects and Methods Patients (N = 16,458) undergoing thyroid and parathyroid procedures were randomly assigned to model development and validation groups. We used univariate analysis to assess relationships between each of 28 predictor variables and 30-day complication rates. We subsequently entered all variables into a recursive partitioning decision tree analysis, with P <.05 as the basis for branching. Results Among patients undergoing thyroidectomies, the most important predictor variable was thyroid cancer. For patients with thyroid cancer, additional risk predictors included coronary artery disease and central neck dissection. For patients without thyroid cancer, additional predictors included coronary artery disease, dyspnea, complete thyroidectomy, and lobe size. Among patients undergoing parathyroidectomies, the most important predictor variable was coronary artery disease, followed by cerebrovascular disease and chronic kidney disease. The model performed similarly in the validation groups. Conclusion For patients undergoing thyroid surgery, 7 of 28 predictor variables accounted for statistically significant differences in the risk of 30-day complications; for patients undergoing parathyroid surgery, 3 variables accounted for significant differences in risk. This study forms the foundation of a parsimonious model to predict the risk of complications among patients undergoing thyroid and parathyroid surgery.
Restless leg syndrome and its association with iliofemoral venous disease; Background: Restless leg syndrome (RLS) is one of the most common sleep disorders, affecting between 5% and 10% of the U.S. population (1). However it has an unclear etiology, and is often overmedicated without a resulting qualitative improvement in lifestyle. It has not been determined whether iliofemoral or iliocaval venous disease, resulting from either thrombotic lesions or external compression, has an association with RLS. Methods: A total of 510 patients treated for iliofemoral venous compression syndrome (IVCS) with angioplasty and stenting were documented to have concomitant RLS per NIH screening criteria,2 prior to endovenous revascularization. 367 of the following patients were selected for retrospective research analysis based on pre-procedural selection criteria which included: IVCS with > 60% luminal stenosis, confirmed RLS > 1 year with or without current treatment, diminished quality of life, and clinical signs and symptoms of chronic venous disease. Patients with Diabetes, End stage renal disease, current pregnancy, and Rheumatic disease were excluded from this study. Patients with thrombotic lesions of the iliofemoral veins were also excluded. Following revascularization, patients were followed at 6 weeks, 3 months, and 6 months with doppler evaluation and asked to rate the severity of their RLS using a scale developed by the International Restless Leg Syndrome study group (3). Results: Of the 367 patients studied, 52% of patients had improvement of their RLS symptoms at 3 months, 90% reported significant relief with cessation of medication(s) within 6 months, and 10% did not have any statistically significant improvement by 6 months (p < 0.001). Conclusion: This study demonstrates a strong relationship between deep vein outflow obstruction, with either iliocaval or iliofemoral stenosis, and RLS. It is suspected that a large population suffers from iliofemoral venous disease, and including this subset of patients in the differential diagnosis for RLS can allow for earlier treatment of IVCS and prevention of RLS.
Risk factors of venous thromboembolic events in patients with rheumathoid arthritis (RA); Background: Venous thromboembolic events (VTE) such as deep vein thrombosis, thrombophlebitis and thromboembolism of pulmonary artery are an important clinical problem that concerns all spheres of medicine. Patients with chronic inflammatory diseases including RA have an increased risk of venous thromboembolism. It is important to determine risk factors of VTE in patients with RA (standard and associated with disease) for prevention of thrombosis. Objectives: To determine prognostic risk factors of venous thromboembolic events in patients with rheumathoid arthritis. Methods: 362 patients (F:302, M:61) with definite diagnosis of rheumathoid arthritis were analyzed, 53,7 ± 13,3 years old, duration of disease 12,4 ± 10,9 years. All patients were hospitalized in V.A. Nasonova Reasearch Institute of Rheumatology. Doppler ultrasound of lower limbs veins were done to patients with suspected thrombosis or with thrombosis in past history. Patients were divided in 2 groups: 1st Gr included patients with thrombosis in a moment or in past history - 34/362 (9,9%) and 2nd Gr - patients and without thrombosis - 328/362 (90,1%). Analysis of risk factors was done according to questionnaire survey and medical history. Disease activity was expressed as DAS28 score which is a composite score derived from tender joint count, swollen joint count, ESR and patient's global assessment of disease activity. Possible prognostic risk factors included age (>40 years, >60years, >75 years), body mass index (BMI) >30, smoking, pregnancy and childbirth, taking antifertility agents, immobilization, surgical treatment, traumas, fractures, diabetes mellitus, pulmonary diseases, cardiac failure, varicose vein disease, cancer, oral and intra-articular (<5 and >5 injections) introduction of glucocorticoids (GCs). In order to identify predictors of venous thromboembolic events we used multivariance analysis (discriminant function classification). Results: Multivariance analysis showed that the thrombosis is mainly influenced by following factors: immobilization, cardiac failure, varicose vein disease, oral and intra-articular (>5 injections) introduction of GCs; weighted coefficients: 1,0; 0,92; 3,13; 0,02; 0,52. Function of prediction of thrombosis is suggested: Z =1,0 ∗ immobilization (Yes-1/No-0) + 0,92∗ cardiac failure (Yes-1/No-0) + 3,13∗ varicose vein disease (Yes-1/No-0) + 0,02∗ oral GCs (yes-1/No-0) + 0,52∗ intra-articular (>5 injections) introduction of GCs (Yes-1/No-0). The value of function Z=1,65 divides patients with and without venous thromboembolic events, sensitivity 64%, specificity 82%, positive predictive relevance 80%. Conclusions: Adverse prognostic factors of venous thromboembolic events in patients with rheumathoid arthritis are immobilization, cardiac failure, varicose vein disease, oral and intra-articular (>5 injections) introduction of GCs.
Mesenteric ischemia: The tip of the Iceberg; Background: Acute mesenteric ischemia refers to a sudden hypoperfusion of the bowel, one possible cause being mesenteric vein thrombosis (MVT). This is a rare entity present only in 1 of 15,000 individuals, but has an overall reported mortality of up to 50%. Early diagnosis is complex and of upmost importance before bowel ischemia is instored. Methods: A 67 year old woman admitted in our center presenting abdominal pain of 48 hours evolution. She had a history of diabetes, hypertension, severe pulmonary hypertension, moderate tricuspid valve insufficiency with dilation of right heart cavities and two miscarriages at 4 months pregnancy. Two weeks before she had been admitted in the Internal Medicine Department for acute renal failure due to excessive use of diuretics and anemia. Physical examination showed pain and tenderness in right hemi-abdomen and defense. Rutinary bloodwork showed 22,580 leucocytes (85.2% of neutrophils) and reactive C protein 230 mg/L. Abdominal CT showed filling defect starting in the portal vein up to splenic and superior mesenteric vein and its branches, as well as bowel wall engorgement (positive Rigler sign). The patient underwent emergency surgery and required bowel resection due to irreversible ischemia of the ileum. After surgery, treatment with intravenous unfractioned heparin was instored and an evaluating protocol for patients with established tromboembolism for acquired and inherited risk factors was indicated. Results: On the fifth day of the postoperative period the patient started treatment with low molecular weight heparin as a bridge to definitive anticoagulation with acenocumarol. More specific blood tests showed an unexplained prolongation of activated partial thromboplastin time which strongly suggested the presence of lupic anticoagulant, and a VIII factor of 319%. Once confirmed the diagnosis of a thrombofilic disorder the patient received discharge after an uneventful postoperative period and indefinite oral anticoagulation. Conclusions: The most common presentations of venous thromboembolism are deep vein thrombosis of the lower extremities and pulmonary embolism. Since up to 75% of cases of MVT associate underlying factors (either acquired or hereditary), careful background checks and thorough examinations in search for clues of the fundamental causes of this pathology are essential to avoid its progression and recurrence. Therefore, the first step in treating MVT is recognizing underlying factors.
Risk of Venous Thromboembolic Events in Pregnant Patients with Autoimmune Diseases: A Population-Based Study; Objective: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effect of autoimmune disease on the risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) including deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) in pregnant women. Methods: Using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2003 to 2011, the risk of developing DVT, PE, and VTE among pregnant patients with selected autoimmune diseases was estimated using unconditional logistic regression analysis. Results: Our study cohort consisted of 7 917 453 women of which 43 523 had underlying autoimmune diseases. Risk of VTE was high in pregnant women with systemic lupus erythematosus, dermatomyositis, rheumatoid arthritis, type 1 diabetes mellitus, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease. Conclusion: Most autoimmune diseases considerably increase the risk of VTE. Thromboprophylaxis may be considered in pregnancies with autoimmune disease, particularly those with systemic lupus erythematosus and dermatomyositis.
Quality of anticoagulation therapy in neurological patients in a tertiary care hospital in north India; Background & objectives: There is paucity of studies on the quality of anticoagulation in neurological patients from India. This study evaluates the quality of oral anticoagulation therapy in neurology patients. Methods: Consecutive patients attending a tertiary care neurology service in north India who were prescribed oral anticoagulant (OAC), were included. Their international normalized ratio (INR) values were prospectively monitored and the earlier INR values of the patients who were already on OAC were retrospectively analyzed. The patients with multi-organ dysfunction, pregnancy and those below 18 yr of age were excluded. The therapeutic INR range was defined as per standard recommendations. The level of anticoagulation, factors interfering with OAC and complications were noted. Results: The results were based on 77 patients with median age 40 yr. Fifty one patients received OAC for secondary stroke prevention, 23 for cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) and three for deep vein thrombosis (DVT). A total 167.9 person-years of follow up was done with a median of 1.2 (0.3-9.3) years. Of the 1287 INR reports, 505 (39.3%) reports were in the therapeutic range, 496 (38.5%) were below and 282 (21.91%) were above the therapeutic level. Stable INR was obtained in 33 (42.86%) patients only. INR level was improved by dose adjustment in 20 (26%), drug modification in two (2.6%), and dietary adjustment in six (7.8%) patients. Three patients were sensitive and five were resistant to OAC. Complications were noted in 28 instances; thromboembolic in 16 and haemorrhagic stroke in 12. The overall complication rate was 16.7 per 100 person-years. Interpretation & conclusions: It may be concluded that stable therapeutic INR is difficult to maintain in neurological patients. Optimal modification of diet, drug and dose of oral anticoagulant may help in stabilization of INR.
Inflammation as a cause of venous thromboembolism; Inflammatory markers are highly amenable to appraise and adjust and could already serve as a diagnostic indicator and also as a predictor of prognosis over the management of many health problems. Inflammation is implicated in venous thromboembolism (VTE). However there is still an intense curiosity about whether it is a cause or only a consequence of the thromboembolic process. The more likely scenario is that some inflammatory mediators contribute to the development of VTE, which per se induces an inflammatory reaction. Here we will review evidences supporting the role of inflammation as a cause of VTE. Genetic association studies have provided possible links between inflammation-related genetic variants, especially cytokines (e.g. IL-1, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, and IL-13), and VTE, leading to establish the fundamental role of genetic background in predisposition to VTE and variable inflammatory processes in individuals. Additionally, several inflammation-related conditions including aging, autoimmune disease, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, hormone replacement therapy, infectious diseases, metabolic diseases, overweight or obesity, pregnancy or postpartum, respiratory diseases, and trauma have been associated with an increased risk of VTE. At this moment, despite their theoretical potential, to achieve the implementation of the inflammation-related laboratory tests in practice is a long task and future studies with larger sample sizes are required to address whether the properties of the inflammatory process, particularly intensity and duration, are useful in determining the risk of VTE and following outcomes.
Drug use evaluation of heparins prescribed as a 'single dose' in hospital; Background Although the use of heparins is widespread, a proper evaluation of their clinical use is often difficult due to differences in the Regulatory Guidance Drug Registration (RGDR) for each type of indication and dosage. Purpose By following the Drug International Guidelines, we aimed to evaluate the use of all prescribed heparins over 3 months at our hospital. Material and methods All 'single dose' prescriptions, derived from all clinical and surgery divisions except for the orthopaedic division, were recorded and validated by the hospital pharmacy using a central computerised system. All prescriptions were analysed by selecting the type of heparins used associated with the diagnosis for each patient. The drug use evaluations were calculated (%) by analysing the type of indication (I) and dosage (D) for each patient. The indications and dosages were compared with the RGDR. Results 1090 patients were treated with enoxaparin (2.7%), fondaparinux (11%), reviparin (6.7%), parnaparin (16.4%) and nadroparin (63.2%). The most common diagnoses were: (1) deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis in major surgery patients (50%) and (2) high risk of deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis in medical patients (41.9%). In line with the international guidelines, 457 medical patients were at a high risk of deep vein thrombosis: heart failure (24%), respiratory or cardiac failure (20%), cancer and chemotherapy (13%), atrial fibrillation (11%), previous stroke or myocardial infarction (8%), high risk pregnancy (6%), decompensated diabetes (4%), sepsis (3%), burns or paraplegia (2%) and more (9%). Drug use evaluation was as follows: enoxaparin (I=100%-Dα=49%); fondaparinux (Iβ= 78.4%-Dα=49%); reviparin (I=100%-Dα=19.6%); parnaparin (I=100%-Dα=30.7%); and nadroparin (Iπ=40.4%- Dα=47.3%). αUse higher dosages not indicated in (1) and (2). βUsed in (2) in non-acute patient. πUse in (2) not indicated in RGDR. Conclusion Our study demonstrated that the proper use of heparins may not always be in line with the RGDR. This may be due to the fact that clinicians prescribe heparins in the prophylaxis and treatment of venous thromboembolism without indicating the specific type of molecules but considering them as a unique type of drug. Therefore, the use of heparins may be ameliorated by providing clinicians with a more guided treatment plan that follows the RGDR.
Laparoscopic appendectomy and cholecystectomy versus open: a study in 1999 pregnant patients; Background: When pregnant patients require surgery, whether to perform an operation open or laparoscopic is often debated. We evaluated the impact of laparoscopy for common general surgical problems in pregnancy to determine safety and trends in operative approach over time. Methods: Pregnant patients undergoing appendectomy or cholecystectomy were identified using the National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (NSQIP) database. We analyzed demographics, operative characteristics, and outcomes. Univariate comparison and multivariate regression analysis (MVA) were performed adjusting for confounding factors: age, body mass index (BMI), diabetes, and smoking, and an additional MVA was performed for perforated cases. Results: A total of 1999 pregnant patients between 2005 and 2012 were evaluated. Of 1335 appendectomies, 894 were performed laparoscopically (LA) and 441 open (OA). For 664 cholecystectomies, 606 were laparoscopic (LC) and 58 open (OC). There were no deaths. For LA versus OA, patient characteristics were not different {age: 27.7 vs. 28.2 years, p = 0.19; diabetes: 1.8 vs. 0.9 %, p = 0.24; smoking: 19 vs. 16.1 %, p = 0.2} except for BMI (27.9 vs. 28.4 kg/m2; p = 0.03). LA had shorter operative times (ORT), length of stay (LOS), and fewer postoperative complications compared to OA. In MVA, difference between approaches remained statistically significant for ORT (<0.0001), LOS (<0.01), and wound complications (<0.01). MVA was performed for perforated cases alone: LA had equal ORT (p = 0.19) yet shorter LOS (p = <0.001). The majority of LA were performed in the last 4 years versus the first 4 years (61 vs. 39 %, p < 0.001). For LC versus OC, patient characteristics were not different: age (28.3 vs. 28.7 years; p = 0.33), BMI (31.4 vs. 33.2 kg/m2, p = 0.25), diabetes (2.8 vs. 3.5 %, p = 0.68), and smoking (21.1 vs. 25.9 %, p = 0.4). LC had a shorter ORT, LOS, and fewer postoperative complications than OC. In MVA, the difference between approaches remained statistically significant for ORT (<0.0001), LOS (<0.0001), and minor complications (<0.01). In MVA for cholecystitis with perforation, no difference was seen for LOS, ORT, or postoperative complications (p > 0.05). The percentage of LC cases appeared to increase over time (89 vs. 93 %, p = 0.06). Conclusion: While fetal events are unknown, LA and LC in pregnant patients demonstrated shorter ORT, LOS, and reduced complications and were performed more frequently over time. Even in perforated cases, laparoscopy appears safe in pregnant patients.
Primary hyperparathyroidism during pregnancy and it's effects in newborn-A case report; Introduction: Primary hyperparathyroidism(PHP) is a rare life-threatening condition which is usually diagnosed between the fifth and sixth decade of life. Its prevalence in the general population is 0.15%. In pregnant women, there are no more than 200 cases reported in the English literature. The incidence of PHP in reproductive age women is reported to be 8/100,000 population/year. The diagnosis can be difficult to establish during pregnancy, given the nonspecific symptoms related to hypercalcemia. Maternal complication rates related to PHP during pregnancy can reach 67%, and fetal complications are reported to occur in up to 80% cases. The most serious fetal complications are neonatal tetany, still birth, and miscarriage. Clinical cases and summary results: Patient C.C.S., 43 years old, on her second pregnancy, was being followed on high risk prenatal care due to one episode of bilateral deep venous thrombosis. She was diagnosed with diabetes and systemic hypertension. Besides that, was also identified total serum calcium level above 11 mg/dL, elevated parathormone level, and a solid nodular lesion located in one of her parathyroid gland, thus, was also diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism. She remained stable and her baby was uneventfully delivered within 39 weeks GA. The newborn presented with seizures before first 24 hours, which were identified, after being broadly investigated, as hypocalcemia-induced seizures. His mother's unchanged hypercalcemia induced by primary hyperparathyroidism was surgically treated with parathyroidectomy 20 days after delivery. After operation she had a satisfactory recovery, with normal glucose and blood pressure levels, nevertheless, remained hospitalised for clinical following in use of warfarin. Conclusion: Most of the evidence supports conservative treatment during first and third gestational trimesters - which includes hydration, loop diuretics and low-calcium diet. Surgery is the definitive treatment on the second trimester, and our patient had surgery on postpartum period and her newborn presented with a complication associated to PHP. Further studies are needed in order to build better evidence concerning the safety of surgery, therefore providing new options for patients with late diagnosis.
Obesity epidemic: Impact from preconception to postpartum; The obesity epidemic is on the rise throughout the USA and the world. Not only does it affect the general population but it also specifically poses unique threats to a woman's life in the antepartum, peripartum and postpartum periods. An increased BMI is associated with worse perinatal outcomes, including higher rates of preeclampsia (and other hypertensive disorders), macrosomia, other neonatal morbidities and gestational diabetes. Isolated maternal obesity and additional maternal diabetes predispose the infant to potential adult disease through fetal programming. This review of the literature examines the effects of obesity on a woman's life, outlining complications beginning with preconception through the postpartum period. The obesity epidemic poses unique threats during the whole cycle of pregnancy. This review examines the effects of obesity on a woman's life, outlining complications from prior to conception through the postpartum period. In addition, the contributions to adult disease of fetal exposure to this maternal risk are discussed. Future advances in nanotechnology and better understanding of placental function might allow more options in preventative and therapeutic interventions, yet with minimal fetal risk.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy in a Pakistani cohort; Objective: To describe the demographics, risk factors, and clinical presentation in Pakistani patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy. Study Design: A descriptive observational study. Place and Duration of Study: Rawalpindi Institute of Cardiology, Rawalpindi, from June 2014 to June 2015. Methodology: Seventy patients meeting criteria of peripartum cardiomyopathy were included in the study. A detailed history, physical examination and investigations were done. Epidemiologic data, risk factors, New York Heart Association (NYHA) class and echocardiographic findings were recorded. Statistical analyses were done using SPSS version 19. Results: The mean age was 28.66 ±4.57 years. Mean parity and weight was 3.04 ±1.7 and 60.97 ±12.40 Kg, respectively. Fifty-five (78.6%) cases were diagnosed in the postpartum period. Thirty-three (50.8%) and 31 patients (44.7%) presented in NYHA - III and IV classes, respectively. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was seen in 16 (22.9%) cases, diabetes in 6 (8.6%), and twin pregnancy in 2 (2.9%) cases. The mean hemoglobin and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) was 11.26 ±1.61 gm/dl and 1583.70 ±1237.65 pg/ml, respectively. Echocardiography showed mean ejection fraction of 21.74 ±7.45%. Left ventricle systolic and diastolic diameters were 53.71 ±9.74 mm and 63.37 ±8.48 mm, respectively. Conclusion: Peripartum cardiomyopathy was seen in younger women with higher parity and pregnancy induced hypertension, often manifesting in the postpartum period with NHYA class III and IV status.
Restless leg syndrome and its association with iliofemoral venous disease; Background: Restless leg syndrome (RLS) is one of the most common sleep disorders, affecting between 5% and 10% of the U.S. population.1 However, it has an unclear etiology, and is often over-medicated without a resulting qualitative improvement in lifestyle. It has not been determined whether iliofemoral or iliocaval venous disease resulting from either thrombotic lesions or external compression, has any association with RLS. Methods: A total of 510 patients treated for iliofemoral venous compression syndrome (IVCS) with angioplasty and stenting were documented to have concomitant RLS per NIH screening criteria,2 prior to endovenous revascularization. 367 of the following patients were selected for retrospective research analysis based on pre-procedural selection criteria which included: IVCS with > 60% luminal stenosis, confirmed RLS > 1 year with or without current treatment, diminished quality of life, and clinical signs and symptoms of chronic venous disease. Patients with Diabetes, End stage renal disease, current pregnancy, and Rheumatic disease were excluded from this study. Patients with thrombotic lesions of the iliofemoral veins were also excluded. Following revascularization, patients were followed at 6 weeks, 3 months, and 6 months with doppler evaluation and asked to rate the severity of their RLS using a scale developed by the International Restless Leg Syndrome study group.3 Results: Of the 367 patients studied, 52% of patients had improvement of their RLS symptoms at 3 months, 90% reported significant relief with cessation of medication(s) within 6 months, and 10% did not have any statistically significant improvement by 6 months (P < 0.001). Conclusion: This study demonstrates a strong relationship between deep vein outflow obstruction, with either iliocaval or iliofemoral stenosis, and RLS. It is suspected that a large population suffers from iliofemoral venous disease, and including this subset of patients in the differential diagnosis for RLS can allow for earlier treatment of IVCS and prevention of RLS.
Acute multiple deep venous thrombosis (DVTS) as a probable adverse event of the use of human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) for weight loss; Obesity is a growing issue in today's society. Worldwide prevalence of obesity is about 37% in men and 38% in women in. Risk factors include genetic predisposition, stress, adverse drugs reactions, life stage (e.g., pregnancy or menopause), sedentary life style, etc. Obesity is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease, deep venous thrombosis, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and osteoarthritis. Diet and exercise are primary strategies for losing weight. In addition, Orlistat, Lorcaserin, Qsymia, liposuction, and bariatric surgery are medical modalities to aid in weight loss. Weight loss due to HCG consumption is claimed to redistribute body fat from the hips, thighs, and stomach without unwanted effects such as hunger. A literature search revealed that no studies have examined the safety outcomes of HCG consumption as a weight loss aid. Our case emphasizes the adverse effect of the use of HCG as a dieting modailty. Case Report A 64 years old Caucasian female with history of hypertension, hypothyroidism, obesity and depression presented with progressive left lower extremity swelling for 3 months. She denied a history of DVT, recent surgery, cancer, or family history of thrombophilia. Her social history was negative for tobacco. The patient reported that she had four HCG injections in anticipation of losing weight three months ago. Physical examination: BMI: 35 kg/m2, left calf circumference was 44 cm and right calf circumference was 39 cm. Venous Doppler ultrasound showed acute DVT involving right probably popliteal, right posterior tibial, left common femoral, profunda femoris, proximal femoral, popliteal, posterior tibial and peroneal veins. Hypercoagulable test data showed were in normal negative. She was admitted to the hospital and anticoagulation therapy was started with therapeutic enoxaparin at 1mg/kg subcutaneously twice daily and 10mg warfarin orally once daily. When INR data was therapeutic range, enoxaparin was discontinued The patient was discharged from the hospital on warfarin therapy. She was advised to discontinue HCG injections. Discussion & Literature review HCG, human chorionic gonadotropin, is a hormone produced during pregnancy. As a prescription medication, HCG is used mainly to treat fertility issues. HCG injections and oral/sublingual diet drops are advertised to assist with weight loss. However, clinical trials fail to support this claim. A meta-analysis was conducted to assess if there is scientific basis for the use of HCG in the treatment of obesity. This study included review of eight randomized trials and 16 cohort studies evaluation. Simeons diet was defined as a fat-free diet consisting of 500 kcal/day plus HCG, 125 units. Only one study showed an association between the Simeons diet with HCG and weight loss. Twelve studies reported that the weight-loss with the use of HCG was no greater than with the use of a placebo or with the use of a diet only. It was concluded that there is no scientific evidence that HCG is effective in the treatment of obesity; it does not bring about weight loss or fat redistribution, nor does it reduce hunger or induce a feeling of well-being. Previous studies have also been reported side effects with HCG include fatigue, irritability, restlessness, depression, fluid buildup (edema), swelling of the breasts in boys and men (gynecomastia), and thromboembolism. The theorized mechanism of thromboembolism, secondary to HCG use has been associated with the hormone's ability to hyperstimulate the ovaries which can lead to a surge of hormones and vasoactive substances, increase in vascular permeability, and hemoconcentration. These can ultimately predispose to a hypercoagulable state.
Obstetrical management of pregnancy in patients with klippel-trenaunay-weber syndrome; Objectives: To present the obstetrical management of two patients with diagnosis of Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber (KTW) syndrome; as well as their evolution throughout gestation and puerperium. KTW is a rare congenital disorder that consists of vascular-cutaneous nevi, varicose veins, venous malformations, soft and hard-tissue hypertrophy, all of which affects one or more limbs. The morbidity of this disease is associated with the presence of vascular abnormalities. In this subset of patients, pregnancy is not encouraged because it places the woman in a high obstetrical risk and potential complications. There are few cases reported this disease associated with gestation. Method: Consultation and revision of medical records of these two patients with the diagnosis of Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome (KTW); both of which received close follow up during prenatal care and anticoagulation at prophylactic doses additional to aspirin during gestation and puerperium. Obstetrical management in both cases resulted in delivery by means of cesarean section. Revisions and analysis of both medical records was undertaken with a thorough literature-associated revision. Results: Case 1) 19-year-old woman with KTW syndrome and 38.5- week pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. C-section was performed (male - 3340 gr, Apgar 8/9). Case 2) 23-year-old primigravid, with KTW, 37-week gestation and type 1 intrauterine growth restriction. Anticoagulation with 100mg daily aspirin and 20 mgs of subcutaneous enoxaparin, both started during the second trimester. A C-section was performed because of a breech presentation (female - 2430 gr, Apgar 8/9 respectively. During surgery of both patients multiple uterine tortuous varicose veins where encountered. These two patients coursed an uneventful puerperium. Conclusions: The expected physiological changes undertaken during gestation can exacerbate the complications of this syndrome. There is doubt of the benefit of anticoagulation therapy either with aspirin or low-molecular-weight heparins in this subset of patients. The most commonly reported complication in these patients is coagulopathy including deep vein thrombosis. There is currently no evidence to establish C-section as a method of delivery. During puerperium distinct recommendations point toward profilactic anticoagulation therapy. As of date, no other cases are reported of KTW syndrome in a pregnant woman with either gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction.
Patient selection and treatment: Upper limb DVT; Learning Objectives 1. To describe the entity of Paget-Schroetter syndrome 2. To describe the technique of endovascular therapy 3. To describe results of thrombectomy and thrombolysis Introduction and background Upper extremity deep venous thrombosis has an incidence of 2%-10% of all deep venous thromboses. Primary upper extremity deep vein thrombosis (UEDVT) is defined as spontaneously developed thrombosis without any clinically apparent risk factors or after strenuous exercise (effort thrombosis). Screening for occult cancer should be performed in idiopathic thrombosis, while effort thrombosis (Paget-Schrötter syndrome; PSS) typically occurs in young and physically active patients due to repetitive injury to the vein due to the tight thoracic outlet and the frequently repetitive use of arms above the shoulder level. Secondary UEDVT is far more common than the primary form, it develops in the setting of central venous catheter, pregnancy, malignancy, recent surgery, or recent trauma. The incidence of UEDVT is increasing, partly due to an exponential growth in the use of central venous catheters and the increasing placement of permanent cardiac pacemaker or defibrillator devices. Risk factors for catheter-related thrombosis include malignancy, chemotherapy, increased age, diabetes, obesity, and thrombophilia. Paget-Schrötter syndrome PSS, first described in 1875, is the venous component of thoracic outlet syndrome, with only 4% of all thoracic outlet syndrome cases. Usually, the dominant arm is affected. Its annual incidence is two cases per 100,000 persons. The subclavian vein can be compressed when the arm is externally rotated or abducted at extreme degrees. Differential diagnosis includes arterial and neurogenic TOS, rotator cuff disorders, Pancoast tumor, vasculitis, infections, and inherited or acquired thrombophilias. The most common signs and syndromes include unilateral arm swelling, heaviness of the affected upper limb, erythema, discomfort, dilated superficial veins, low-grade fever, dyspnea, and superior vena cava syndrome. Recent studies showed that D-dimer has a negative predictive value of 98% and 93% for upper extremity deep thrombosis and superficial venous thrombosis, respectively. The main complication of effort UEDVT thrombosis is the postthrombotic syndrome (venous distension, swelling of the arm, blue discoloration, and pain with exercise). UEDVT thrombosis, especially the secondary form carries a substantial risk of pulmonary embolism (3%-12%). Symptomatic PE with lower limb DVT was three times more frequent compared with UEDVT in the RIETE registry (29% vs. 9%); however, 3-month mortality rate was higher in the UEDVT group (11% vs. 7%). Recurrence rate is smaller in UEDVT than lower limb DVT. Imaging Plain radiography This may be useful in identifying cervicothoracic osseous abnormalities (e.g., abnormal first rib). Ultrasound On B-mode imaging, echogenicity may vary in acute thrombosis. As usual, noncompressibility defines the presence of DVT. Obviously, this evaluation technique cannot be used either for the centrally situated veins (i.e., brachiocephalic veins and superior vena cava) or for the medial segment of subclavian veins near the clavicle. Absence of flow and the normal biphasic pattern on pulsed wave Doppler can also suggest DVT (75% sensitivity; 100% specificity). A recent guideline suggests the use of compressions and Doppler US (“Combined modality US”) as the initial diagnostic test. Contrast venography (CV) Earlier, it has been the reference standard for suspected lower limb DVT. Contrast medium is injected into the distal vein of the upper extremity. Thrombus is identified as a filling defect present in more than one view. However, interobserver agreement on venogram interpretation in suspected DVT is only 70%-80%. This technique is reserved when initial noninvasive imaging is insufficient for a conclusive diagnosis or is negative in case of high-clinical suspicion of DVT. CV visualizes veins at the thoracic outlet. However, it requires radiation exposure and intravenous contrast, and is technically demanding. CO2 venography has been used in small studies with acceptable results (97% sensitivity and 85% specificity against standard contrast venography). Computed tomography venography (CTV) Pooled sensitivity of 96% and specificity of 95% was found in a recent study against US or CV in lower limb studies; upper extremity investigations were scarce. Obvious disadvantages of CTV include ionizing radiation and risk associated with intravenous iodinated contrast medium. Magnetic resonance venography (MRV) There are very few studies on MR diagnosis of UEDVT; most of our current experience is from publications investigating lower extremity. Pooled sensitivity and specificity of CE-MRV was 91% and 95%, respectively, against CV as the reference standard in lower limb veins. TOF-MRV is also promising. Magnetic resonance direct thrombus imaging (MRDTI) can distinguish recent from chronic thrombus in case of recurrent DVT in the lower extremity. Treatment possibilities Anticoagulation The mainstay therapy is therapeutically dosed parenteral anticoagulant bridged to an oral anticoagulant. INR should reach 2.0 or higher in two measurements with a difference in time of at least 24 hours. Acute phase therapy is for 3 months. Complication rate of anticoagulation therapy includes 2%-4% of major bleeding. A retrospective analysis reported increased symptomatic resolution (48% vs. 70%). Indications of anticoagulation therapy beyond 3 months are uncertain; provoked situations (e.g., cancer and central venous catheter) or UEDVT with tight thoracic outlet (not corrected surgically) may justify long-term anticoagulation treatment. In case of PSS, if compressive forces are not eliminated, then benefits of anticoagulation may be limited. Endovascular therapies Thrombolysis and thrombectomy Systemic thrombolysis has been largely replaced by catheterdirected thrombolysis in the lower limb DVT due to the smaller number of bleeding complications and better rates of valvular competence. Catheter-directed thrombolysis (CDT) uses a multiport catheter placed directly into the thrombus using image guidance. The risk of bleeding is directly proportional to the volume and duration of CDT. For lower limb treatment, typical regimen consists of continuous high-volume drip regimen with dilute thrombolytics and concomitant unfractionated heparin. Clearance rates are 70%-90%. Clots older than 2 weeks are generally less susceptible for thrombolysis. Most common complications are typically access site bleeding (major bleeding rate is approximately 10%). Appropriate case selection is challenging. Thrombolysis can be followed by elective thoracic outlet decompression procedure. There are only scarce data on percutaneous mechanical thrombectomy for the upper limb DVT. Angioplasty and stenting Limited data are available in the literature. Stent placement for central and peripheral limb obstruction in 65 patients showed a clinical success rate of 75% and 42% at 12 and 24 months, respectively, with a high rate of reintervention. A smaller study (22 patients) reported occlusion of stents in all patients with Paget-Schrötter syndrome. Angioplasty has higher failure rate if attempted before decompression. Indications for these interventions are uncertain, and longterm data are lacking. Unless contraindicated, anticoagulation should follow all interventional treatments. Superior vena cava filter A recent systematic review analysis on 209 SVC filter placements showed a complication rate of 3.8% (mainly filter strut perforation causing cardiac tamponade, pneumothorax, and aortic perforation). The benefit is yet uncertain. Currently, SCV filter has little role in the management of UEDVT. Conclusions The combination of clinical decision score, D-dimer testing, and ultrasonography can safely and effectively exclude UEDVT. The cornerstone of UEDVT treatment is anticoagulation. Angioplasty has higher failure rates if attempted before decompression; stenting may be indicated if PTA fails and decompressive forces are eliminated. The long-term benefit of thrombolysis and thrombectomy is currently unclear; selective patients with acute thrombosis having severe syndromes and low-bleeding risk may be considered. Placement of superior vena cava filter may only be considered in patients with contraindications for anticoagulation therapy and pulmonary embolism. Clear indications for endovascular therapies warrant data from larger-scale studies or randomized trials.
Relationship between antiphospholipid syndrome clinical manifestations and multiple positive antipospholipid antibodies; Background: The Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is characterized by the development of thrombosis and/or pregnancy complications in addition to the persistent presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (APLS): Lupus Anticoagulant, Anticardiolipin antibodies, Anti-beta 2 GP1 antibodies. At this moment, is not well known that risk factors could be associated to any clinical manifestations of APS. Aims: We investigated if there are relationship between the different clinical manifestations of APS and the presence of cardiovascular risk factors, hereditary and acquired thrombophilia or multiple positive APLS. Methods: Retrospective we investigated the relationship between clinical manifestations and the presence of cardiovascular risk factors, hereditary and acquired thrombophilia or the existence of multiple positive APLS in 65 patients consecutive diagnosed of APS in our hospital from 1 February 2000 to 31 January of 2015. The patients ages were between 21 to 88, gender 53.8% male and 46.2% females. 43 patients present cardiovascular risk factors (26 smokers 24 hypertension, 22 dyslipidemia, 3 Diabetes Mellitus), 21 patients with thrombophilia (8 hyperhomocysteinemie, 2 antithrombine deficiency, 3 protein S deficiency, 1 protein C deficiency, 4 FV Leiden mutations and 3 prothrombin G20210A mutation), 17 patients with triple APLS (TP) and 48 with one/double APLS (ODP). 37 patients presented venous thrombosis (22 deep vein thrombosis, 6 pulmonay embolism, 9 both), 15 patients with arterial thrombosis manifestations (2 arterial thrombosis, 3 myocardial infarction and arterial thrombosis, 10 cerebrovascular accident), 4 with pregnancy complications, and 9 with combined complications (arterial/venous thrombosis/pregnancy complications). The statistical analysis was performed with Chi2 test realized by JMP 9, being statistically significant P<0.05. Results: We found statistically significant difference between the presence of TP and the development of arterial thrombosis (OR 0.16 y IC 95% 0.03 - 0.76 P=0.01). Summary and Conclusions: Our data show an association between TP and development of arterial thrombosis in APS patients. We did not found association between one or multiple positivity on APLS and the other clinical manifestations of APS, and the presence or not of cardiovascular risk factor or thrombophilia with clinical manifestations of APS.
Increased mortality in patients with the lupus anticoagulant: The vienna lupus anticoagulant and thrombosis study (LATS); Data on the clinical course of lupus anticoagulant (LA)-positive individuals with or without thromboticmanifestations or pregnancy complications are limited. To investigate mortality rates and factors that might influence mortality, we conducted a prospective observational study of LA-positive individuals. In total, 151 patients (82% female) were followed for a median of 8.2 years; 30 of the patients (20%) developed 32 thromboembolic events (15 arterial and 17 venousevents) and20patients (13%) died. Inunivariable analysis, new on set of thrombosis (hazard ratio [HR] 5 8.76; 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.46-22.16) was associated with adverse survival. Thrombosis remained a strong adverse prognostic factor after multivariable adjustment for age and hypertension (HR 5 5.95; 95% CI, 2.43-14.95). Concomitant autoimmune diseases, anticoagulant treatment at baseline, or positivity for anticardiolipin-or anti-β2-glycoprotein I antibodies were not associated with mortality. In a relative survival analysis, our cohort of LA positives showed a persistentlyworse survival in comparison with an age-, sex-, and study-inclusion-year-matched Austrian reference population. The cumulative relative survival was 95.0% (95% CI, 88.5-98.8) after 5 years and 87.7% (95% CI, 76.3-95.6) after 10 years.We conclude that occurrence of a thrombotic event is associated with highermortality in patients with LA. Consequently, the prevention of thromboembolic events in LA positives might improve survival.
Comparison of maternal morbidity and medical costs during pregnancy and delivery between patients with gestational diabetes and patients with pre-existing diabetes; Aims: To evaluate the effects of gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes on maternal morbidity and medical costs, using data from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Methods: Delivery cases in 2010, 2011 and 2012 (459 842, 442 225 and 380 431 deliveries) were extracted from the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database. The complications and medical costs were compared among the following three pregnancy groups: normal, gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. Results: Although, the rates of pre-existing diabetes did not fluctuate (2.5, 2.4 and 2.7%) throughout the study, the rate of gestational diabetes steadily increased (4.6, 6.2 and 8.0%). Furthermore, the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased in conjunction with maternal age, pre-existing hypertension and cases of multiple pregnancy. The risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, urinary tract infections, premature delivery, liver disease and chronic renal disease were greater in the gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes groups than in the normal group. The risk of venous thromboembolism, antepartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and placenta disorder were greater in the pre-existing diabetes group, but not the gestational diabetes group, compared with the normal group. The medical costs associated with delivery, the costs during pregnancy and the number of in-hospital days for the subjects in the pre-existing diabetes group were the highest among the three groups. Conclusions: The study showed that the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased with maternal age at pregnancy and were associated with increases in medical costs and pregnancy-related complications.
Global assays of hemostasis in the diagnostics of hypercoagulation and evaluation of thrombosis risk; Thrombosis is a deadly malfunctioning of the hemostatic system occurring in numerous conditions and states, from surgery and pregnancy to cancer, sepsis and infarction. Despite availability of antithrombotic agents and vast clinical experience justifying their use, thrombosis is still responsible for a lion's share of mortality and morbidity in the modern world. One of the key reasons behind this is notorious insensitivity of traditional coagulation assays to hypercoagulation and their inability to evaluate thrombotic risks; specific molecular markers are more successful but suffer from numerous disadvantages. A possible solution is proposed by use of global, or integral, assays that aim to mimic and reflect the major physiological aspects of hemostasis process in vitro. Here we review the existing evidence regarding the ability of both established and novel global assays (thrombin generation, thrombelastography, thrombodynamics, flow perfusion chambers) to evaluate thrombotic risk in specific disorders. The biochemical nature of this risk and its detectability by analysis of blood state in principle are also discussed. We conclude that existing global assays have a potential to be an important tool of hypercoagulation diagnostics. However, their lack of standardization currently impedes their application: different assays and different modifications of each assay vary in their sensitivity and specificity for each specific pathology. In addition, it remains to be seen how their sensitivity to hypercoagulation (even when they can reliably detect groups with different risk of thrombosis) can be used for clinical decisions: the risk difference between such groups is statistically significant, but not large.
Temporal trends in maternal medical conditions and stillbirth; Objective The objective of this study was to estimate the prevalence and temporal trends of medical conditions among women with stillbirth and to determine the effect of medical comorbidities on the trend of stillbirth. Study Design The Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) for the years 2008-2010 was first queried for all delivery-related discharges. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed with adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) calculated for medical conditions among women with stillbirth. The NIS was then queried for the years 2000-2010, and the effect of maternal medical conditions on the stillbirth rate was estimated. Results From 2008 to 2010, there were 51,080 deliveries to women with stillbirth, giving a rate of 4.08 per 1000 live births. Women with stillbirth were more likely to be African American (OR, 2.12; 95% CI, 2.07-2.17), with an age less than 25 years (OR, 1.19; 95% CI, 1.16-1.22) or older than 35 years (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.37-1.44) compared with women without stillbirth. Medical conditions such as cardiac, rheumatological, and renal disorders; hypertension; diabetes; thrombophilia; and drug, alcohol and tobacco use, were independent predictors of fetal demise in multivariable logistic regression modeling. From 2000 to 2010, despite an increase in the total number of births to women with comorbidities, there was a significant decrease in the stillbirth rate, which was more pronounced among women with comorbidities compared with women without comorbidities (P =.021). Conclusion From 2000 to 2010, there was a significantly greater decrease in the stillbirth rate among women with maternal medical conditions than there was among women without comorbidities. These findings occurred despite an overall increase in the number of pregnancies to women with medical comorbidities over the time period. Because the NIS does not include information on gestational age, birthweight, or whether subjects had antepartum testing, we are not able to determine the effect of these variables on the observed outcomes.
Exercise training before surgical revascularisation-influence on short term outcomes; Cardiovascular rehabilitation (CVR) is usually not performed or is interrupted before coronary artery By-pass graft (CABG) interventions. To assess the influence of exercise training prior to surgery on perioperative complications and short term prognosis. We studied 106 patients (P), all included in rehabilitation programs in a specialized clinic. Over a period of 8 years progression of coronary heart disease (CHD) led to indication for CABG. The events leading to CABG indications were reappearance of anginal episodes (61) and/or subclinical heart failure, newly detected by echocardiography and BNP levels. Patients with more than 1,5 fold increase of cardiac necrosis enzymes were excluded. The control group (Co) consisted of 66P who interrupted CVR 6wk. to 6 mo. prior to surgery. The study group (St) consisted of 40 P who continued mild exercise similar to phase I and II post acute myocardial infarction. Except for gender differences (more females in Co, p=0,03) the groups were matched in starting parameters. We followed perioperative complications, ICU stay, hospitalization period, mortality and CHD complications at a 6 mo. follow up, before engaging in phase III CVR. The study group showed significant decrease in thromboembolic events (p<0,01), depression scores (p<0,01) and respiratory complications (p=0,03), leading to fewer complications during hospital stay (p=0,02) and shorter ICU stay (p=0,02). Effort capacity was better in the study group at discharge (6 MWT, p<0,01). However, at 6 mo. follow up these advantages disappeared, with no differences in mortality, CHD complications or effort capacity. Exercise training was safe before CABG, led to decreased perioperative complications, shorter hospital stay, lowering costs. However, no clear benefit was noted anymore at 6 months.
Reducing morbidity and mortality among pregnant obese; Obesity is increasing; in the UK, almost 20% of pregnant women have a body mass index (BMI) of ≥30 kg/m2. Obese mothers have increased risks of pregnancy complications including miscarriage, congenital anomaly, gestational diabetes, preeeclampsia, macroe somia, induction of labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic and surgical complications, postepartum haemorrhage, infection and venous thromboembolism. Complications tend to be greater in those with the highest BMIs. In recent triennia, obesity (27-29%) was overerepresented in maternal mortality figures. Strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality include calculating BMI at booking visit to identify obese mothers and plan their antenatal care and delivery. This should include nutritional and lifestyle advice, screening for gestational diabetes and preeeclampsia, thromboembolism risk assessment, antenatal anaesthetic review if BMI is ≥ 40 kg/m2, ensuring availability of robust theatre tables and other equipment and involving senior doctors, especially in the labour ward. Afterwards, continuing weight reduction should be encouraged to reduce future pregnancy and health risks.
Risk factors for maternal morbidity in Victoria, Australia: A population-based study; Objectives: The aim of this analysis was to quantify the risk factors associated with maternal morbidity among women in Victoria, Australia, focusing particularly on sociodemographic factors.Design: Case-control analysis. Participants: Data on all maternities in Victoria from 1 January 2006 to 31 December 2008. Methods: A case-control analysis was conducted using unconditional logistic regression to calculate adjusted ORs (aORs). Cases were defined as all women noted to have had a severe complication during the index pregnancy. Severe maternal morbidity was defined by the validated, composite Australian Maternal Morbidity Outcome Indicator. Socioeconomic position was defined by Socio-Economic Indices for Areas (SEIFA), specifically the Index of Relative Socioeconomic Disadvantage (IRSD), and other variables analysed were age, parity, Indigenous background, multiple pregnancy, country of birth, coexisting medical condition, previous caesarean section, spontaneous abortion or ectopic pregnancy. Results: The study population comprised 211 060 women, including 1119 cases of severe maternal morbidity (0.53%). Compared with the highest IRSD quintile, the aOR for the 2nd quintile was 1.23 (95% CI 1.03 to 1.49), 0.98 (95% CI 0.79 to 1.21) for the 3rd quintile, 1.55 (95% CI 1.28 to 1.87) for the 4th and 1.21 (95% CI 1.00 to 1.47) for the lowest (most deprived) quintile. Indigenous status was associated with twice (aOR 2.02; 95% CI 1.32 to 3.09) the odds of being a case. Other risk factors for severe maternal morbidity were age ≥35 years (aOR 1.22; 95% CI 1.04 to 1.44), coexisting medical condition (aOR 1.39; 95% CI 1.16 to 1.65), multiple pregnancy (aOR 2.30; 95% CI 1.71 to 3.10), primiparity (aOR 1.36; 95% CI 1.18 to 1.57), previous caesarean section (aOR 1.79; 95% CI 1.53 to 2.10) and previous spontaneous miscarriage (aOR 1.25; 95% CI 1.08 to 1.44). Conclusions: The findings from Victoria strongly suggest that social disadvantage needs to be acknowledged and further investigated as an independent risk factor for adverse maternal outcomes in Australia and incorporated into appropriate policy planning and healthcare programmes.
Diabetes increases the risk of deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism: A population-based cohort study; We evaluated the effects of diabetes on the risks of developing deepvein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) in a nationwide, population-based cohort study in Taiwan. The patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were identified, and DMfree controls were randomly selected from the general population and frequency-matched according to age, sex, and index year by using the records of the Longitudinal Health Insurance Database between 2000 and 2011. Both cohorts were followed up until the end of 2011 to measure the incidence of DVT and PE. We analysed the risks of DVT and PE using Cox proportional-hazards regression models. The overall incidence of VTE was higher in the T2DM patients than in the controls (12.0 vs 7.51 per 10,000 person-years). The T2DM patients exhibited a 1.44-fold adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) of VTE development compared with the controls (95 % confidence interval [CI] = 1.27-1.63). The risks of DVT (aHR = 1.43, 95 % CI = 1.23-1.65) and PE (aHR = 1.52, 95 % CI = 1.22-1.90) were greater in the T2DM than those in the controls. The T2DM patients had a substantially higher risk of DVT (aHR = 5.10, 95 % CI = 3.12-8.32) and PE (aHR = 7.50, 95 % CI = 3.29-17.1) development than the controls did in adults aged 49 years and younger. In conclusion, the longitudinal nationwide cohort study indicated that T2DM patients carried greater risks of developing VTE than did the general population.
Drugs in breast milk; Most drugs appear in breast milk in very small and safe amounts. The obstetric care provider evaluates drug transfer most commonly in the peripartum period, postpartum hospitalization; and they are often consulted when the new mother has a subsequent need for drug therapy. The chapter provides the foundations for the safest decisions for the mother and her breastfed infant. The foundation of safe decisions is accomplished through a review of the physiology of lactation, the lactation pharmacology, and the specific pharmacology and infant safety of drugs common to everyday obstetric practice.
An Independent risk of gout on the development of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism: A nationwide, population-based cohort study; Previous studies indicated that gout is a risk factor of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to determine if patients with gout have an increased risk of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE). We used the Longitudinal Health Insurance Database, a subset of the national insurance claim dataset, which enrolled 1 million Taiwanese to identify 57,981 patients with gout and 115,961 reference subjects matched by sex, age, and entry date of diagnosis. The risk of DVT and PE was analyzed using the Cox proportional hazards model. In this Taiwanese dataset observed from 2000 to 2010, we found the incidence of DVT was 5.26 per 104 person-years in the gout cohort, which was twofold higher than the incidence of 2.63 per 104 personyears in the reference cohort. After adjusting for age, sex, and 9 comorbidities, the hazard ratio (HR) of developing DVT was 1.66 (95% confidence interval [CI]1/41.37-2.01). Among patients with gout, the youngest age group had the highest increase in the risk of developing DVT (HR [95% CI]1/42.04 [1.24-3.37] for ages 20 to 49 years, 1.80 [1.28-2.51] for ages 50 to 64 years, and 1.45 [1.11-1.91] for ages 65 years). The incidence of PE was about one-fifth that of DVT in gout patients, but the effect of gout on the risk was similar (HR [95% CI]1/41.53 [1.01-2.29]). Our analysis confirmed that gout increased the risk of DVT and PE. Further exploration is needed in the future.
The relationship between AB0 blood group and deep venous thrombosis; Objective: Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) may cause serious health problems such as pulmonary mbolism and extremity lose because of broken circulation. So prophylaxis and treatment becomes valuable. This study aims to show that the relationship between ABO blood type and deep venous thrombosis. Material and Methods: This study included the patients with DVT who had treated between January 2011 to December 2013 in our hospital. The documentaries searched retrospectively from hospital's archive and the patients chose from who had DVT in lower extremity and shown by Doppler USG. The control group rendered randomly with the patients who treated without inpatient treatment and hadn't gotten DVT. Exclusion criteria were DVT with malignity, immobility, trauma, pregnancy. FV Leiden mutation, FVIII and vWF tests didn't include to study's data because of not to working this inspections routinely. The patient's blood group compared with the control group's blood type. Results: Although AB blood group were significantly high in the cases (p=0,039); A, O and B types hadn't any relationship with DVT. Nonetheless age, sex, Rh antigen, diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive lung disease were unrelated. Conclusion: This study shows that AB blood type has elevated risk for DVT.
Total parenteral nutrition in pregnancy-a strong association with venous thromboembolism and other obstetrical morbidities; OBJECTIVE: To describe the association of total parental nutrition (TPN) in pregnancy to venous thromboembolism (VTE) and other obstetrical morbidities. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study was performed using California discharge data. All deliveries from 2001-2009 were analyzed. Women receiving TPN as well as other obstetric morbidities were identified via ICD-9-CM codes. 493 cases of TPN in the cohort were compared to the remaining deliveries (n=4,423,556). Either presence of deep venous thrombosis and/or pulmonary embolism qualified as having VTE. Logistic regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: Subjects undergoing TPN were older and more likely to be of African-American race. They were also more likely to have chronic hypertension, renal disease, diabetes, and multiple gestations. The adjusted rate of VTE was 1 in 27 - a marked increase of 38-fold (aOR 37.8, 95% CI 23.5-61.0) when compared to the population baseline rate (1 in 1,394). Other increased morbidities included stillbirth (aOR 3.9, 95% CI 2.2-7.2), preterm delivery (aOR 3.0, 95% CI 2.4-3.8), endometritis (aOR 12.0, 95% CI 7.9-18.3), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.7, 95% CI 1.1-2.6), placental abruption (aOR 3.0, 95% CI 1.8-4.9), and severe preeclampsia (aOR 3.3, 95% CI 2.0-5.5). There were no differences in other obstetrical outcomes including cesarean delivery, preterm premature rupture of membranes, mild preeclampsia or chorioamnionitis. CONCLUSION: There is a markedly increased prevalence of thrombotic events in pregnant patients undergoing TPN. Other obstetrical morbidities appear to be increased as well. This may be due to the fact that TPN patients often have other underlying medical conditions, central venous catheterization or other factors to increase thrombosis risk. Future research should aim to confirm this association as our findings suggest that venous thromboprophylaxis could be considered in women undergoing TPN in pregnancy. (Table Presented).
Gestational age and risk of venous thromboembolism from birth through young adulthood; BACKGROUND: Preterm birth has been associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in infancy, but the longer-term risk is unknown. Our aim was to examine this association from birth through young adulthood. METHODS: National cohort study of 3 571 574 individuals who were live-born in Sweden from 1973 through 2008, including 206 844 born preterm (gestational age <37 weeks), and followed up to 2010 (ages 0-38 years). The main outcome was VTE. RESULTS: A total of 7 519 (0.2%) individuals were diagnosed with VTE in 70.8 million person-years of follow-up. Low gestational age at birth was associated with VTE in infancy (ages <1 year: adjusted hazard ratio 47.16 [95% confidence interval 21.30-104.42] for 22 to 27 weeks, 5.54 [2.53-12.12] for 28 to 33 weeks, 3.54 [2.07-6.06] for 34 to 36 weeks, 1.00 for 37 to 41 weeks [reference]), early childhood (ages 1-5 years), and young adulthood (ages 18 -38 years: adjusted hazard ratio 2.76 [1.43-5.31] for 22 to 27 weeks, 1.53 [1.24-1.89] for 28 to 33 weeks, 1.24 [1.10-1.40] for 34 to 36 weeks, and 1.00 for 37 to 41 weeks [reference]), but not in late childhood (ages 6-12 years). Very preterm (<34 weeks) but not late preterm birth (34-36 weeks) was also associated with VTE in adolescence (ages 13-17 years). After further adjustment for comorbidities, these associations were attenuated, but most remained significantly elevated. CONCLUSIONS: In this large national cohort, low gestational age at birth was associated with increased risk of VTE in infancy, early childhood, and young adulthood. Copyright © 2014 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Safety and tolerability of linagliptin in patients with type 2 diabetes: A comprehensive pooled analysis of 22 placebo-controlled studies; Purpose Dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP)-4 inhibitors are an increasingly used antihyperglycemic therapy for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Linagliptin, an orally administered DPP-4 inhibitor, has demonstrated favorable efficacy/safety in clinical trials. The aim of this post hoc pooled analysis was to expand current knowledge of the safety of linagliptin. Methods Safety data for once-daily linagliptin 5 mg (1 study of linagliptin 2.5 mg twice daily) were analyzed from 22 randomized, double-blind, Phase I-III, placebo-controlled clinical trials of ≤102 weeks' duration. Assessments of pooled data included incidence of patient-reported adverse events (AEs). Findings Data from 7400 patients (linagliptin, 4810; placebo, 2590) were pooled. Most patients (58.4%) had T2DM diagnosis for 5 years; approximately 75% were receiving ≥1 type of background therapy in addition to linagliptin/placebo. Overall exposure to the study drug was 2412.8 years for linagliptin and 1481.4 years for placebo (mean [SD], 183 [120] days and 209 [150] days, respectively). Overall frequencies of AEs were similar for linagliptin- and placebo-treated patients (57.3% and 61.8%, respectively). The incidence of neoplastic AEs was low (0.6% and 0.9%, respectively); there were no reports of pancreatic neoplasia. Pancreatitis was observed in 2 linagliptin-treated patients (<0.1%) and 1 placebo-treated patient (<0.1%). The occurrence of cardiac disorder AEs was similar in linagliptin- and placebo-treated patients (3.2% [n = 153] and 3.3% [n = 83], respectively); the incidence of heart failure AEs for linagliptin- and placebo-treated patients was 0.2% (n = 11) and 0.3% (n = 7), respectively. Overall, linagliptin was weight neutral. Occurrence of investigator-defined hypoglycemic AEs was low for both linagliptin and placebo (11.5% vs 14.0%). In patients receiving concomitant sulfonylurea therapy, investigator-defined hypoglycemic AEs were more frequent with linagliptin versus placebo (22.1% [238/1079] vs 14.5% [61/421], respectively). Subgroup analyses showed similar frequencies of AEs for linagliptin- and placebo-treated patients across different age groups and renal function levels. Implications This updated and expanded pooled, post hoc analysis of 22 placebo-controlled trials of linagliptin 5 mg daily supports previous findings of the acceptable overall safety/tolerability profile of linagliptin when administered to a broad range of patients with T2DM. Linagliptin-treated patients demonstrated a low overall risk of hypoglycemia (risk increased by concomitant sulfonylurea therapy). As with all pooled analyses, this study is limited by the use of data from different studies, and the relatively short duration of some included studies, although use of individual patient data from consistently designed trials should minimize methodological differences between trials. Results from ongoing clinical trials will provide additional insight into the long-term safety/tolerability of linagliptin. © 2014 The Authors.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery; Although pregnancy events predict the long-term risk of chronic disease, little is known about their short-term impact because of the rarity of clinical events. We examined hospital discharge diagnoses linked to birth certificate data in the year following delivery for 849,639 births during 1995-2004 in New York City, New York. Adjusted odds ratios characterized the relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent hospitalization for cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. Gestational hypertension was related to heart failure (adjusted odds ratio = 2.6, 95% confidence interval: 1.5, 4.5). Preeclampsia was related to all of the outcomes considered except type 1 diabetes, with adjusted odds ratios ranging from 2.0 to 4.1. Gestational diabetes was strongly related to the risk of subsequent diabetes (for type 1 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 40.4, 95% confidence interval: 23.8, 68.5; for type 2 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 22.6, 95% confidence interval: 16.9, 30.4) but to no other outcomes. The relationship of pregnancy complications to future chronic disease is apparent as early as the year following delivery. Moreover, elucidating short-term clinical outcomes offers the potential for etiological insights into the relationship between pregnancy events and chronic disease over the life course. © 2014 The Author 2014.
Rivaroxaban for treatment of venous thromboembolism. A real-life perspective in 103 patients; Background: Rivaroxaban is an orally active direct Factor Xa inhibitor and may be used in patients with venous thromboembolism (VTE). Objective: To evaluate tolerance, recurrence, bleeding and adverse events in outpatients VTE that were undergoing treatment with rivaroxaban. Methods: Prospective study from December 2011 to November 2013. Inclusion criteria: (1) Above 18 years old, (2) Diagnosis of pulmonary embolism (PE) or Deep vein thrombosis (DVT). Exclusion criteria: (1) creatinine clearance <30 mL/min; (2) Pregnancy. Selected patients were treated according to clinical criteria and/or their preferences about it. An evaluation of tolerance, side effects (bleeding, recurrences and deaths) and adverse events was also carried out. Results: A total of 103 patients were treated with rivaroxaban, with a mean age of 58±17 (Mean ± standard deviation), and 56% male. Associated comorbidities were: hypertension (30%), diabetes mellitus (10.7%), dyslipidaemia (23.3%), heart disease (10.7%), respiratory disease (25.2%), and history of previous bleeding (7.8%). There was DVT (64.1%), EP (18.4%) and DVT+PE (17.5%). Rivaroxaban was initial treatment in 30% of patients. In 70% rivaroxaban was initiated after low molecular weight heparin (56%) or vitamin K antagonist (43%) whose the median time of anticoagulant previous rivaroxaban was 16 months [range: 1-124 months]. The median time of rivaroxaban treatment was 5 months [range: 21 months]. There were no deaths or recurrences. There were 6 bleeding, one major (acute hemoperitoneum). Adverse events were 6 (5.8%): headache, malaise, gastric intolerance, dizziness, pruritus, diarrhoea syndrome. We had to withdraw treatment in one patient. Conclusions: In our study, rivaroxaban efficacy and safety is consistent with the published randomized clinical trials. The convenience of the dosage, the absence of requirements for periodic controls and few interactions with another drugs regarding VKA requires us to consider this drug in selected group of VTE.
Antithrombin activity in patients with venous thrombo-embolism in an African population; Background: Antithrombin deficiency (AT III) is an important risk factors for venous thromboembolism (VTE). The frequency in the thrombophilia patient population is reported to vary between 1% and 8%. Inherited deficiency and acquired disorders can cause low level of AT III. A few patients on prophylactic anticoagulation for immobilization have been observed to develop deep vein thrombosis while still on therapy therefore this study was carried out to bridge the gap in the knowledge of the thrombin activity in VTE patients. Methods: Fifty consecutive patients confirmed to have VTE and 69 controls drawn from the general population were recruited. Platelet poor plasma was obtained from blood collected from participants into a 3.8% sodium citrate bottle at a ratio of 0.1/0.9 (vol/vol) anticoagulant to blood. Antithrombin activity was measured using TECHrom (anti-Xa) kit. Results: The patients mean age was 58.2 years (range 22 to 88 years) with a male: female ratio 1:1.6. Mean±SD for AT III activity of the patients was 74±43.4% while that of control was 90.0±47.6% (p = 0.06). There was insignificant positive correlation between AT III and age of the patients. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) occurred in 88%, pulmonary embolism (PE) (4%) and other unusual site of VTE was diagnosed in 8%. The mean AT III activity in patients with DVT was 77.8% compared to 49.8% for other forms of VTE. Risk factors for development of VTE were immobility, cancer, diabetes mellitus, obesity, pregnancy and others. The AT III activity was highest in cancer patients (114.2%) and lowest in patients with PE, VTE in unusual site and other causes (p = 0.044). Two patients who developed DVT while on prophylactic anticoagulation had AT III activity of 25%. Thirty-eight percent of the patients had AT III activity less than 60% compared with 20% of the controls (p = 0.04). Eighteen percent of cases compared to 7.2% of controls had AT III activity less than 30% (p = 0.06). Conclusions: Antithrombin activity is not significantly lower in patients with VTE but patients with AT III activity lower than 60% are more likely to have VTE. Antithrombin deficiency may be a more important risk for PE and VTE in unusual site than for deep vein thrombosis.
Deep vein thrombosis (DVT): Epidemiological, etiological and topographical characteristics of 100 cases; Background: Venous thromboembolism associates DVT and pulmonary embolism (PE). It is a common clinical situation, causing too much morbidity and even mortality. Methods: It is a retrospective study in a department of internal medicine, including records of 100 patients hospitalized for DVT diagnosed by Doppler ultrasound between 2004 and 2013. We report epidemiological, etiological and topographical characteristics of DVT. Results: There were 54 men and 46 women (sex ratio = 1.17), the mean age was 50.7 years (23-84 years), with 21% of patients over 65 years. As medical history, it was found: diabetes (16% of cases), venous thrombosis (10% of cases), neoplasia and renal failure (7% of cases each), recurrent miscarriages (4% of cases), varicose veins operated (3% of cases) and quadriplegia (1% of cases). Obesity with a BMI >30 was noted in 25.4% of cases (average BMI = 26.9 kg/m2). Bed rest (>3 days in the 3 months prior DVT) was noted in 34% of cases. Surgery performed (>a month before the occurrence of DVT) was noted in 7%. Oral contraceptives were found in 13% of patients. A family history of thrombosis was observed in 5% of cases. Pregnancy was noted in three patients. The notion of travel more than 6 hours was found in 3% of these patients. Varicose veins of the lower limbs were found in 33% of cases. DVT were proximal in 62% of cases, 38% were distal. The siege of the DVT was: the lower limbs (97% of cases) (bilateral in one case), the superior vena cava, inferior vena cava and right innominate venous trunk (1% of cases each). The causes of DVT were: paraneoplasic (16%), varicose veins of the limbs (12%), Post traumatic (11%), after confinement to bed (10%), in the context of sepsis (6%), thrombosis of catheter of hemodialysis (6%), following the use of contraceptive pills (6%), during pregnancy or postpartum (5%), postoperative (5%), Behc¸et disease (4%), rheumatoid arthritis, nephrotic syndrome and hyper-homocysteine (1% each). In 14 patients, we didn't found etiology of DVT. Nine of all the DVT were complicated by PE, two of which were serious. Patients were treated by heparin followed by oral anticoagulant for an average of 8 months. The evolution was characterized by the occurrence of bleeding event in 12% of cases, including two gastrointestinal bleeding. We noted four deaths in the aftermath of DVT. Conclusions: Despite advances in antithrombotic prophylaxis, DVT remains a public health problem.
Risk of venous thromboembolism in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; We performed this meta-analysis to assess venous thromboembolism risk in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane databases. Nine observational studies met our inclusion criteria and were included in the data analysis. The pooled risk ratios of deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, and venous thromboembolism in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) compared with non-RA participants were 2.08 (95 % CI 1.75-2.47), 2.17 (95 % CI 2.05-2.31), and 1.96 (95 % CI 1.81-2.11), respectively. Subgroup analysis demonstrated a consistent increased risk in every study design (cohort, case-control, and cross-sectional). Our results indicate a significant increased risk of venous thromboembolism among patients with rheumatoid arthritis. © 2014 Clinical Rheumatology.
Risk factors associated with catheter-related upper extremity deep vein thrombosis in patients with peripherally inserted central venous catheters: Literature review: Part 1; This is part 1 of a 2-part series of articles that report on the results of a prospective observational cohort study designed to examine the risk factors associated with symptomatic upper extremity deep vein thrombosis (UEDVT) in patients with peripherally inserted central catheters. This article provides an extensive review and critique of the literature that serves to explicate what is currently known about risk factors associated with catheter-related UEDVT. Risk factors such as anticoagulant use, cancer, infection, hypertension, catheter tip placement, and catheter size were identified most frequently in the literature as being associated with UEDVT development. Other risk factors - such as obesity, smoking history, surgery, and presence of pain or edema - were examined in a limited number of studies and lacked consistent evidence of their impact on UEDVT development. The subsequent study that evolved from the review of the literature investigates the relationship between identified risk factors and UEDVT development. © 2014 Infusion Nurses Society.
An integrative approach to the patient with thrombophilia; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a multifactorial disease that results from a conjunction of several risk factors, both inherited and acquired. The younger the person, the more risk factors are required to cause the disease. Since 1937, when the term thrombophilia was coined by Nygaard and Brown, and 1965 when it was used for the first time by Egeberg, a substantial increase in the percentage of patients with VTE and underlying thrombophilia has been reported, particularly after the discovery of the most common thrombophilic mutations, FV Leiden and Fll G20210A. Presence of thrombophilia could be detected in as many as 50% of all patients with VTE. Thrombophilia testing has increased lately not only in patients with thromboses but also for other indications, however, whether the results will help in the clinical management of the patients is still unclear. Thrombophilia testing is most commonly performed in young patients with VTE, patients with recurrent episodes of VTE or with thromboses at unusual sites and in persons with positive family history. Whether the presence of thrombophilia influences the clinical management of the patient remains controversial. Patients with VTE and the recognized risk factors such are surgery, trauma, immobilization, pregnancy and the puerperium are at very low risk for recurrence, but prediction of the recurrence of VTE based on the presence of thrombophilia has not been sufficiently explored. Presence of clinical risk factors should be integrated in the strategy of VTE risk assessment. Since many risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and smoking are common for both arterial and venous thromboses, it has been suggested that VTE should be considered as part of a pancardiovascular syndrome, along with coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease and cerebrovascular disease. Positive family history for VTE in a first-degree relative increases the risk for VTE occurrence by 2-fold, regardless of the presence of inherited thrombophilia. Pregnancy-related risk of VTE is sixfold increased compared to nonpregnant age-matched women. Women with thrombophilia have been shown to be at an increased risk not only of pregnancy-associated thromboembolism, but also of other vascular complications, including recurrent fetal loss and intrauterine fetal death. Risk for antepartal pregnancy-related VTE is considerably increased in obese women confined to bed for longer than one week, in women who underwent assisted reproduction, in multiple pregnancies, gestational diabetes and maternal age over 35 years. Postpartal risk factors differ, with eclampsia, emergency cesarian section and placenta praevia being the most important. Testing for thrombophilia generally does not alter the management of a patient with VTE, except for selected groups of patients. Women of fertile age with positive family history and presence of thrombophilia may benefit from thromboprophylaxis implementation during pregnancy, or can make the decision not to use oral contraceptives. In the future, the use of global coagulation tests that could detect a hypercoagulable state, along with other clinical risk factors, might improve VTE risk assessment and optimize the duration of treatment of VTE disease.
Current and future use of point-of-care tests in primary care: An international survey in Australia, Belgium, The Netherlands, the UK and the USA; Objective: Despite the growing number of point-of-care (POC) tests available, little research has assessed primary care clinician need for such tests. We therefore aimed to determine which POC tests they actually use or would like to use (if not currently available in their practice). Design: Cross-sectional survey. Setting: Primary care in Australia, Belgium (Flanders region only), the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. Participants: Primary care doctors (general practitioners, family physicians). Main measures: We asked respondents to (1) identify conditions for which a POC test could help inform diagnosis, (2) from a list of tests provided: evaluate which POC tests they currently use (and how frequently) and (3) determine which tests (from that same list) they would like to use in the future (and how frequently). Results: 2770 primary care clinicians across five countries responded. Respondents in all countries wanted POC tests to help them diagnose acute conditions (infections, acute cardiac disease, pulmonary embolism/deep vein thrombosis), and some chronic conditions (diabetes, anaemia). Based on the list of POC tests provided, the most common tests currently used were: urine pregnancy, urine leucocytes or nitrite and blood glucose. The most commonly reported tests respondents expressed a wish to use in the future were: D-dimer, troponin and chlamydia. The UK and the USA reported a higher actual and desired use for POC tests than Australia, Belgium and the Netherlands. Our limited data suggest (but do not confirm) representativeness. Conclusions: Primary care clinicians in all five countries expressed a desire for POC tests to help them diagnose a range of acute and chronic conditions. Rates of current reported use and desired future use were generally high for a small selection of POC tests, but varied across countries. Future research is warranted to explore how specific POC tests might improve primary care.
Gynecologic laparoscopy in patients aged 65 or more: Feasibility and safety in the presence of increased comorbidity; Objectives: To evaluate the feasibility, operative outcome and postoperative complications of laparoscopic gynaecologic surgery in patients aged 65 or more, with increased comorbidity and obesity. Study design: The medical records of patients aged 65 or more with uterine or ovarian disease admitted to minimally invasive gynecologic surgery units from January 2009 to December 2011 were retrospectively analyzed in an observational cohort study. Surgical outcomes of the laparoscopic cohort (n = 65) were compared with the outcomes of those who had laparotomy (n = 67) at general gynecologic surgery units, and evaluated with respect to indication for surgery, medical comorbidity and obesity. Laparoscopic surgery was attempted in women who accepted minimally invasive management and who had no absolute contraindications to laparoscopy. Surgical inclusion criteria were benign and malignant uterine and adnexal pathologies; benign uterine pathologies when uterine size was less than 18 weeks' gestation or myoma smaller than 10 cm; malignancies in apparent early-stage disease. There was no attempt to use laparoscopy for tumor debulking and cytoreductive surgery. Exclusion criteria were patients with emergency operations or a concomitant urogynecologic procedure. Data were analyzed using Student's t-test, the Mann-Whitney U test, χ2 testing and the Fisher exact test. Results: Patients undergoing laparoscopy had a significantly shorter hospital stay (p < 0.001), less intraoperative bleeding (p < 0.001), less postoperative hemoglobin decline (p < 0.001), less need for blood transfusions (p = 0.007) and a generally lower incidence of complications compared to women who had laparotomy, regardless of medical comorbidity. Obese patients who had laparoscopy had significantly less intraoperative bleeding and a smaller postoperative hemoglobin drop; no adjunctive complication was observed. In patients over 70 (80 cases) the laparoscopic group (39 cases) maintained significantly less intraoperative bleeding (p < 0.001) and a smaller hemoglobin drop (p < 0.001) with respect to laparotomy, with few postoperative complications. Conclusions: According to the results of the study, laparoscopic surgery appears feasible and safe in elderly patients, regardless of medical comorbidity and obesity. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Incidence of deep venous thrombosis in renal transplant recipients; Introduction: Kidney transplant recipients (KTR) show an acquired hypercoagulable state determining an increased incidence of deep vein thrombosis (DVT). A possible underlying mechanisms might be hemostasis imbalance, with a multifactorial rise of procoagulant factors, both traditional (diabetes, pregnancy, obesity, preexisting thrombophilias), and transplant-related factors (surgery, immunosuppression, primary nephropathy, pre-transplant dialysis mode, erythrocytosis, infections). We investigated KTR with DVT at least 6 months post-transplant. Methods: We included 30 patients transplanted between 2008 and 2011 who experienced DVT (lower limbs, lower limbs complicated by pulmonary embolism, retinal) at least 6 months post-transplant. Primary nephropathy, immunosuppressive regimen, infections and erythrocytosis were recorded. LMWH was given as trombophylactic treatment in the first post-transplant week and thereafter aspirin. All patients underwent color duplex ultrasonography. Results: Increased DVT incidence was observed in patients receiving cyclosporine or cyclosporine+mTOR inhibitors, in PCKD, LES, nephrotic syndrome, peritoneal dialysis and in those with rapid and excessive correction of hematocrit values after transplant. DVT was unrelated to acute infection and dialysis modality. Conclusions: These study suggest that the prevention of DVT consist either in accurate pre-transplant thrombophilia screening or in identification of patients at higher DVT risk requiring long-term antiplatelet therapy.
The challenge of pregnancy for patients with SLE; Pregnancy poses an important challenge for doctors looking after women with systemic lupus erythematosus. Knowledge about safety of medications, the effect of pregnancy on such disease, and vice versa, together with multidisciplinary team care, are basic cornerstones needed to provide the best obstetric and medical care to these women. Pre-conceptional counselling constitutes the ideal scenario where a patient's previous obstetric history, organ damage, disease activity, serological profile and additional medical history can be summarized. Important issues regarding medication adjustment, planned scans and visits, and main risks discussion should also be raised at this stage. Planned pregnancies lead to better outcomes for both mothers and babies. Close surveillance throughout pregnancy and the puerperium, and tailored management approach guarantee the highest rates of successful pregnancies in these women. © The Author(s) 2013 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
Antibody titers and clinical outcomes in patients with single-double or triple positivity antiphospholipid antibodies; Background: Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) is a clinico-pathologic diagnosis characterized by the presence of thrombosis; pregnancy complications; and persistent (>12 weeks apart) presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPLs): anticardiolipin antibodies (aCL), anti-beta 2 GP1 antibodies (anti-β2GPI), and a clot-based dilute Russell viper venom test (DRVVT). Prior studies suggest that having three positive tests (triple positivity) in previously asymptomatic patients leads to higher risk of clinical manifestations. The role of the DRVVT ratio in these groups is uncertain. Aims: To compare the incidence of clinical manifestations and DRVVT ratios among patients with one or two positive tests and those with triple positivity. Methods: Retrospective chart review from January 1, 2002 to December 31, 2012 of patients ages 18-95 who were tested for aPLs at New York Presbyterian Hospital. Demographics, presence of autoimmune diseases and cardiovascular risk factors including coronary artery disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking status, and diabetes mellitus was collected. We reviewed the clinical manifestations defined as thrombosis: myocardial infarction (MI), cerebrovascular accident (CVA), pulmonary embolism (PE), deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pregnancy complications. Titers of aCL and anti-β2GPI IgG and IgM isotypes were considered to be positive if >20 GPL or MPL and >99th percentile respectively. We calculated average antibody titers for aCL and antiβ2GPI in the two groups. We also calculated DRVVT ratios for both groups, as (clot time without phospholipid excess)/(clot time with phospholipid excess). A ratio of 1.2 or greater was considered positive. Results: We had 55 patients with single or double-positive aPLs, and 23 patients with triple positive aPLs. The two groups were similar in gender (65% vs. 61%), history of autoimmune diseases (16% vs. 13%) and cardiovascular risk factors. There was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of CVAs (14.5% vs. 17.4%), MIs (3.6% vs. 13%), PEs (12.7% vs. 21.7%), DVTs (31% vs. 39%), or other VTE events (3.6% vs. 13.04%). Similarly, we did not identify a difference between pregnancy losses in the first trimester (13.8% vs. 28.6%), second trimester (13.9% vs. 14.3%), or third trimester (0% in both groups). All aPL antibody titer levels were significantly elevated in the triple positive group compared to the single/double positive group. The titers were aCL IgG = 17.6 vs. 95.9, aCL IgM = 20.8 vs. 47.5, anti-β2GPI IgG = 10.7 vs. 73.5, anti-β2GPI IgM = 28.5 vs. 56.7, P ≤ 0.001 for all four aPLs). The DRVVT ratios were higher in the triple positive group compared to the single and double positive group (1.654 vs. 1.383; P = 0.01). Conclusions: While not statistically significant, there was a trend toward more MI, PE and first trimester pregnancy losses in the triple positivity group compared to the single and double positive aPL. All aPL titers were significantly higher in patients with triple positivity aPL including DRVVT ratios than in patients with single-double positivity. Larger prospective multicenter studies are needed to determine the set of antibodies and the role of DRVVT ratio in predicting clinical outcomes in patients with aPLs.
Role of promoter polymorphisms of Glutathione Peroxidase (GPX3) gene in the development of Deep Vein Thrombosis in Asian Indian population; Background: Amongst the various known acquired and inherited factors that alter the haemostatic balance, oxidative stress (OS) plays a pivotal role in the development of thrombosis. OS mediates the pathogenesis of venous thrombosis by allowing the reactive oxygen species (ROS) to enhance platelet hyperactivity and depleting nitric oxide (NO). NO is a well known vasorelaxant that has antithrombotic effects which upon depletion may lead to deep vein thrombosis (DVT). An efficient ROS scavenging mechanism comprising of various enzymatic and non enzymatic antioxidants is determining in the prevention of oxidative assault. Plasma Glutathione peroxidase (GPx3) is a major antioxidant enzyme in plasma, scavenging ROS arising during normal metabolism or after oxidative insult. A deficiency of this enzyme increases extracellular oxidant stress, promotes platelet activation, and may promote oxidative posttranslational modification of fibrinogen that leads to DVT. Aims: To find out the role of promoter GPX3 polymorphisms in the development of DVT in Asian Indian population. Methods: Patients were recruited from outpatient clinics and wards of the Department of Haematology at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India. We studied 100 consecutive DVT patients (M:F = 67:33, age range = 18-65 years) confirmed by Doppler ultrasonography, computerized tomography (CT) scan (for cerebral venous thrombosis). Patients with pulmonary embolism, malignancy, pregnancy and diabetes were excluded from the study. Non-related sex and age (+5 years) matched healthy individuals (n = 100) of north Indian origin were also included in the study in order to determine risk posed by the polymorphisms. Most cases (73) were of lower limb thrombosis, and 15 cases were of upper limb thrombosis. Thrombosis at unusual sites was present in 12 cases, these included cerebral (5), abdominal (4), subclavian (1), renal (1) and retinal vein (1). All variants (-942 A/ C, -927 T/C, -861 A/T, -568 T/C, -518 T/C) were genotyped in the whole study population (100 patients and 100 controls) by restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) and allele specific PCR. This study was approved by the local ethics committee of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences and was in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. Results: All the polymorphisms were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. Amongst the five SNPs only two -568T/C and -861 A/T SNP show association with the DVT. -861A/T shows both genotypic (P = 0.0151, chi-square = 5.23;O.R. = 2.45) as well as allelic association (P = 0.002, chi-square = 11.32;O.R. = 3.12) while -568T/C shows only allelic (P = 0.03 chi-square = 4.04;O.R. = 4.03) association with DVT. Conclusion: Susceptibility to DVT in North Indian Asian patients may be associated with some variants (-568T/C and -861A/T) of GPX3gene. Relatively small sample size and borderline P-values might bias the results obtained and that the association might be confounded by difference in the two groups or due to varied environmental exposures, which are known to modify the influence of GPX3 variants on disease risk. However this needs to be replicated and confirmed in a larger multicentric population which will account for the genetic heterogeneity of the Indian population.
The biological and clinical activity of anti-malarial drugs in autoimmune disorders; Chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine are 4-aminoquinoline compounds commonly employed as anti-malarial drugs. Chloroquine and its synthetic analogue, hydroxychloroquine also belong to the disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug class because these drugs are immunosuppressive. The immunosuppressive activity of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine is likely to account for their capacity to reduce T-cell and B-cell hyperactivity as well as pro-inflammatory cytokine gene expression. This review evaluated experimental and clinical trials results as well as clinical response data relative to the use of chloroquine and/or hydroxychloroquine as first-line medical therapies in systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, primary Sjögren's syndrome, the anti-phospholipid syndrome and in the treatment of sarcoidosis. A primary outcomes measure in these clinical trials was the extent to which chloroquine and/or hydroxychloroquine reduced disease progression or exacerbations and/or the use and dosage of corticosteroids. The relative efficacy of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine in modifying the clinical course of these autoimmune disorders is balanced against evidence that these drugs induce adverse effects which may reduce their use and effectiveness in the therapy of autoimmune disorders. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Case report of myocardial infarction in the immediate postpartum period; Introduction The most recent confidential enquiry reports cardiac disease as the cause of almost 20% of maternal deaths. Myocardial Infarction (MI) is uncommon with an estimated incidence of 0.7 per 100 000 maternities. Independent risk factors for maternal acute MI include advanced maternal age, chronic hypertension, pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. Pregnancy itself confers a 3-4 fold higher risk than non-pregnant women when age matched. Case report A 32-year-old primigravida with no significant medical history booked with BMI of 40.9. She smoked 1/4 oz tobacco daily. Family history included type 2 diabetes, hypertension and thrombosis. Labour was induced at term + 12 and augmented by syntocinon. A live female was delivered normally 12 h later. Glucose tolerance testing at 26/40 was normal. She was risk assessed for venous thrombosis antenatally and did not require antenatal anticoagulants. Two hours postdelivery she complained of tingling in both arms and upper back pain. Blood pressure was raised at 166/99; 200 mg of labetolol was given. Eight hours later she described left anterior chest heaviness radiating through to her back and a restless feeling in her arms. She felt hot and short of breath; observations were normal. Examination was normal, calves soft and not tender. ECG showed right bundle branch block, prominent R wave in V1 and T wave inversion in V1 and V2. Troponin I measurement and CTPA were arranged. Troponin I was significantly raised at 18.2 so full acute coronary syndrome treatment was initiated. CTPA showed no evidence of pulmonary embolism therefore transfer to a tertiary centre for coronary angiography was arranged. Angiography showed a large coronary artery thrombosis which was incompletely removed during the procedure. She was discharged 4 days later on secondary prophylaxis for coronary artery disease and with cardiac rehabilitation. Discussion Our patient had two personal cardiovascular risk factors; high BMI and smoking. There was a family history of hypertension. The diagnosis was unexpected given her vague initial symptoms and low level of suspicion for cardiac events in young women. This case is interesting given the rise in the number of bookings with raised BMI and advanced age. What effect will our changing maternal population have on antenatal resources in the future and can interventions such as the 'healthy eating and lifestyle in pregnancy' (HELP) study make a difference to maternal health.
Use of glucocorticoids and risk of venous thromboembolism: A nationwide population-based case-control study; Importance: Excess endogenous cortisol has been linked to venous thromboembolism (VTE) risk, but whether this relationship applies to exogenous glucocorticoids remains uncertain. Because the prevalence of glucocorticoid use and the incidence of VTE are high, an increased risk of VTE associated with glucocorticoid use would have important implications. Background: To examine the association between glucocorticoid use and VTE. Design: Population-based case-control study using nationwide databases. Setting: Denmark (population 5.6 million). Participants : We identified 38 765 VTE cases diagnosed from January 1, 2005, through December 31, 2011, and 387 650 population controls included through riskset sampling and matched by birth year and sex. The VTE diagnosis date for the case was the index date for cases and matched controls. Exposure: We classified individuals who filled their most recent glucocorticoid prescription 90 days or less, 91 to 365 days, and more than 365 days before the index date as present, recent, and former users, respectively. Present users were subdivided into new (first-ever prescription 90 days or less before the index date) and continuing users (others). Main Outcomes and Measures : We used conditional logistic regression adjusted for VTE risk factors to estimate incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and 95% CIs for glucocorticoid users vs nonusers. Results: Systemic glucocorticoids increased VTE risk among present (adjusted IRR,2.31; 95% CI, 2.18-2.45), new (3.06; 2.77-3.38), continuing (2.02; 1.88-2.17), and recent (1.18; 1.10-1.26) users but not among former users (0.94; 0.90-0.99). The adjusted IRR increased from 1.00 (95% CI, 0.93-1.07) for a prednisolone-equivalent cumulative dose of 10 mg or less to 1.98 (1.78-2.20) for more than 1000 to 2000 mg, and to 1.60 (1.49-1.71) for doses higher than 2000 mg. New use of inhaled (adjusted IRR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.72-2.86) and intestinalacting (2.17; 1.27-3.71) glucocorticoids also increased VTE risk. Conclusions and Relevance: The risk of VTE is increased among glucocorticoid users. Although residual confounding may partly explain this finding, we consider a biological mechanism likely because the association followed a clear temporal gradient, persisted after adjustment for indicators of severity of underlying disease, and existed also for noninflammatory conditions. Hence, our observations merit clinical attention. ©2013 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Hyperhomocysteinemia: An overview; Homocysteine (HCY) is a naturally occurring sulfur-containing amino acid. People with hyperhomocysteinemia (an elevation of HCY level in the blood) may get blood clots in either the veins (e.g. deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) or arteries (e.g. stroke and heart attack). This review covers the risks associated with elevated homocysteine levels, screening for hyperhomocysteinemia, and the evidence in favour or against in evaluating the use of vitamin supplements that lower homocysteine levels. Currently, hyperhomocysteinemia is a well-known risk factor for variety of vascular diseases and neurodegenerative disorders namely dementia, depression, peripheral vascular diseases, erectile dysfunction, malignant diseases, pregnancy complications and osteoporosis. Common causes of hyperhomocysteinemia include kidney disease, lack of B vitamins (such as folate, vitamin B12, and vitamin B6) in the diet, hypothyroidism, alcoholism, certain medications as well as genetic defects. These diseases are associated with arterial, venous thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Treatment may consist of giving supplements of folic acid, vitamin B12, and/or vitamin B6. It also may include anticoagulant medications (blood thinners), such as aspirin, clopidogrel, heparin, low-molecular weight heparin, or warfarin, to prevent blood clots. But these vitamins supplementation do not reduce the risk/susceptibility of atherosclerosis in severe and hereditary hyperhomocysteinemia. Further, combination of vitamins B6, B12 and folic acid with other vitamins should be explored to decrease elevated HCY levels in blood. Experts are of the opinion that HCY measurement may be helpful for identifying subjects at greater risk of disease but lowering homocysteine levels has not been consistently shown to prevent heart attacks and strokes. © Pharmacie Globale.
Risk factors for predicting thromboembolism in inflammatory bowel disease; BACKGROUND: Patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) have an increased risk for thromboembolism including deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). Tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), an inflammatory mediator involved in the pathogenesis of IBD, promotes thromboembolism through several mechanisms, and TNF- α inhibitors could theoretically decrease this risk. The purpose of this study was to identify risk factors for thromboembolism in hospitalized IBD patients and determine if treatment with TNF- α inhibitors was associated with decreased risk. METHODS: We identified IBD patients aged 18-70 hospitalized between July 2002 and July 2011 at our institution. Patients with known malignancy, hypercoagulable state (Factor V Leiden, Antithrombin III deficiency, Protein S or C deficiency), or pregnancy at the time of hospitalization were excluded. Data on age, gender, comorbidities, disease distribution, surgeries, smoking history, medications, reason for hospitalization, and thromboembolism were obtained by chart review. Wald tests were used to calculate association between clinical characteristics and risk of thromboembolism, and multivariate regression was used to develop a model for predicting risk. RESULTS: 547 patients (1048 hospitalizations) were identified. 364 (67%) had Crohn's disease and 183 (33%) had ulcerative colitis (UC). The number of thromboembolic events (DVT, PE, portal vein thrombosis, renal vein thrombosis, and arterial occlusion) was 50. Average age of patients who developed thromboembolism was 51.8 compared to 40.7 in those who did not (P < 0.0001). Associated comorbidities were chronic kidney disease (P = 0.001), diabetes (P = 0.009), and liver disease (P = 0.005). Of reasons for hospitalization, trauma (P = 0.009) and infection (P = 0.009) were most associated with thromboembolism, followed by IBD flare or complication (P = 0.024). Recent hospitalization within the past month (P < 0.001) and prolonged hospitalization greater than 14 days (P < 0.001) were associated with increased risk of thromboembolism. Prednisone was associated with increased risk of thromboembolism (P = 0.003), whereas TNF-α inhibitors were protective (P = 0.011). Immunomodulators were not associated with thromboembolism (P = 0.613). This data was used to develop a model for predicting risk of thromboembolism in IBD. DISCUSSION: In hospitalized IBD patients included in our study, steroid use was associated with an increased risk of thromboembolism, TNF-α inhibitors were protective, and immunomodulators did not affect the risk. Using the model developed in this study, we may better identify patients at increased risk for thromboembolism.
Aspirin for the next generation; First used as an analgesic and antipyretic, investigations into aspirin's anti-inflammatory effects led to its establishment in 1974 as a drug that altered the activity of platelets to influence the course and incidence of myocardial infarction and cerebrovascular disease. It became the standard in treatment and prevention of vascular disorders. The 25th International Scientific Meeting on aspirin held at the Royal College of Physicians in London on 24th October 2012 took aspirin into fresh fields, among them cancer, diabetes, dementia and gynaecology. © the authors.
Warfarin anticoagulation after total hip or total knee replacement: Clinical and resource-utilization outcomes in a university-based antithrombosis clinic; Purpose: Clinical and resource-utilization outcomes associated with warfarin anticoagulation after major orthopedic surgery were evaluated. Methods: Consecutive patients who received postsurgical prophylaxis with warfarin within 24 hours of total knee replacement (TKR) or total hip replacement (THR) surgery and who were referred to and had outpatient follow-up for anticoagulation management in a single-center, university-based antithrombosis clinic from January 1, 1998, to January 1, 2009, were included in the study. Data were obtained from existing inpatient and outpatient medical records and retrospectively reviewed. Patient follow-up and data collection were conducted from the time of admission until 90 days after surgery. Results: A total of 400 patients were included in the study; 179 (44.8%) under-went THR and 221 (55.3%) underwent TKR. The mean length of hospital stay was 5.0 ± 1.9 days, and the mean length of warfarin therapy was 50 ± 21 days. The mean time required to reach the target International Normalized Ratio (INR) of 2.0-3.0 was 10.0 ± 9.1 days. The within-patient percentage of INR levels spent in the target range was 28% ± 18%. Objectively confirmed symptomatic venous thromboembolism (VTE) occurred in 16 patients (4%), with 14 events (87.5%) occurring with INR values of ≥2.0 and 2 events (12.5%) occurring with INR values of >2.0. Conclusion: THR and TKR surgical patients at one institution who were receiving postsurgical VTE prophylaxis with warfarin spent a substantial proportion of time with their INR below the target range and had a high rate of symptomatic VTE. Copyright © 2013, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical practice guidelines for the perioperative nutritional, metabolic, and nonsurgical support of the bariatric surgery patient-2013 update: Cosponsored by American association of clinical endocrinologists, the obesity society, and American society for metabolic & bariatric surgery; The development of these updated guidelines was commissioned by the AACE, TOS, and ASMBS Board of Directors and adheres to the AACE 2010 protocol for standardized production of clinical practice guidelines (CPG). Each recommendation was re-evaluated and updated based on the evidence and subjective factors per protocol. Examples of expanded topics in this update include: the roles of sleeve gastrectomy, bariatric surgery in patients with type-2 diabetes, bariatric surgery for patients with mild obesity, copper deficiency, informed consent, and behavioral issues. There are 74 recommendations (of which 56 are revised and 2 are new) in this 2013 update, compared with 164 original recommendations in 2008. There are 403 citations, of which 33 (8.2%) are EL 1, 131 (32.5%) are EL 2, 170 (42.2%) are EL 3, and 69 (17.1%) are EL 4. There is a relatively high proportion (40.4%) of strong (EL 1 and 2) studies, compared with only 16.5% in the 2008 AACE-TOS-ASMBS CPG. These updated guidelines reflect recent additions to the evidence base. Bariatric surgery remains a safe and effective intervention for select patients with obesity. A team approach to perioperative care is mandatory with special attention to nutritional and metabolic issues.
Risk factors associated with venous thromboembolism in 49,028 mastectomy patients; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially preventable disease that carries significant morbidity and mortality. Although malignancy is associated with increased risk for VTE, it varies according to cancer type. Despite the fact that breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women, the incidence and risk factors associated with VTE in patients undergoing mastectomy have not been well characterized. To address this we utilized the ACS-NSQIP database to identify and characterize independent risk factors for VTE in 49,028 mastectomy patients. We identified 116 cases of VTE in the 49,028 cases analyzed (0.23%). Obesity (BMI>30, OR=1.91, p<0.001), inpatient status (OR=3.75, p<0.001), venous catheterization (OR=2.67, p=0.012), prolonged operative time >3h(OR=4.36, p<0.001), and immediate reconstruction (OR=3.23, p<0.001) were found to be independent risk factors for VTE. While the incidence of VTE is rare in mastectomy patients, the heightened awareness and increased VTE prophylaxis should be considered in high risk groups. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Pregnancy complications in women aged 50 years and older; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the medical and obstetrical outcomes of pregnancy in women aged 50 and older. STUDY DESIGN: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample for the years 2008-2009 was queried for all pregnancy-related discharges. Women aged equal to or greater than 50 and women less than 35 were identified. The prevalence of pre-existing medical conditions and the incidence of medical and obstetric complications during admission for delivery were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: From 2008-2009, there were 880 deliveries to women aged 50 or older and 7,327,077 deliveries to women aged less than 35. The mean ages (± standard deviation) of the older and younger groups were 51.5 (1.5) and 25.8 (4.8), respectively. The cesarean delivery rate for the older group was 61.1 % vs. 30.4 % for the younger group (p<0.001). 18% of the older group had a multiple gestation vs. 1.9% of the younger group (OR 11.9, 95% CI 10.0, 14.1). Women 50 and older were more likely to have chronic hypertension (OR 3.9, 95% CI 3.4,4.5); cardiac arrhythmias and conduction disorders (OR 4.9,95% CI 3.2, 7.0); diabetes (OR 6.2, 95% CI 4.5, 8.3); anemia (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.2,1.7); thrombocytopenia (OR 3.6, 95% CI 2.3, 5.3); andthrom-bophilias (OR 6.1, 95% CI 4.0, 8.9) compared to younger women. After controlling for multiple gestation during the delivery admission, older women had higher odds for acute heart failure (adjusted OR [aOR] 30.2,95% CI 15.3,53.0), deep vein thrombosis (aOR20.3, 95% CI 9.9, 36.5), and acute renal failure (aOR 21.1, 95% CI 11.0, 36.3). Obstetric complications among women 50 and older are presented in the table below (Table). CONCLUSION: Pregnant women aged 50 and older experience significantly more medical and obstetric complications at the time of a delivery admission compared to women less then 35 years of age. (Table Presented).
Obesity and its complications in women; Obesity is a chronic disease that is increasing in prevalence in adults, adolescents and children. It is now considered to be a global epidemic. It is estimated that more than one in three women are obese. Obesity impacts negatively on the health of women and increases their risk of developing conditions such as heart disease, diabetes, stroke and cancer. By reducing their weight, obese women can lower their risk of these conditions, and in some cases, control the disease. This article reviews the complications that are associated with obesity in women. © Medpharm.
Antiphospholipid syndrome: description of a cohort from Colombia and evaluation of thrombosis risk factors; Introduction Antiphospholipid syndrome is an autoimmune disease characterized by vascular thrombosis and gestational morbidity in the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies. Several risk factors for the development of thrombosis have been described in these patients, but the studies are heterogeneous and do not discriminate between arterial and venous events. Objective To describe the clinical and immunological manifestations of antiphospholipid syndrome in a cohort of Colombian patients and to establish risk factors for the development of arterial and venous thrombosis. Materials and Methods We conducted a cross-sectional analytical study. Inclusion criteria: 2006 Sydney Consensus Statement and classification in secondary antiphospholipid syndrome according to the American College of Rheumatology criteria. Results We included 100 patients, 84 of them women, with a mean age of 37.6 years. 59% of patients fulfilled secondary antiphospholipid syndrome criteria. The most common clinical manifestation during the initial evaluation and follow-up visit was venous thrombosis (56.52% and 47%, respectively), followed by “non-criteria” manifestations (23.91%), especially neurological. Deep venous thrombosis was recurrent in 46%, and 30% of individuals presented severe thrombocytopenia. Absence of specific autoantibodies discriminated between primary and secondary forms. Diabetes mellitus was a significant risk factor for venous thrombosis (6.4% vs. 0%, OR 2.205: 95% CI 1.772–2.742) and smoking for cerebrovascular disease (33.3% vs. 6%, OR 7.9, 95% CI 1.5–41.324). Conclusions This cohort of Colombian patients with antiphospholipid syndrome had a high percentage of events not included in the classification criteria, with severe, atypical, and recurrent organic involvement.
Cardiovascular Disasters in Pregnancy; Cardiovascular emergencies in pregnancy are rare but often catastrophic. This article reviews the diagnosis and management of venous thromboembolism, aortic dissection, acquired heart disease and cardiomyopathy, acute myocardial infarction, and cardiac dysrhythmias in the setting of pregnancy. It also reviews updated resuscitation guidelines for cardiac arrest and perimortem cesarean section. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Incidence of late deep venous thrombosis in renal transplant patient: A single center evaluation; Objectives: Kidney transplant recipients (KTR) manifest a hypercoagulable state that contributes to increase the incidence of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), also occurring late in stable patients. It has been proven an imbalance of hemostatic mechanisms in KTR, with a multifactorial rise in procoagulant factors, partly related to traditionl risk factors (diabetes, pregnancy, obesity, preexisting thrombophilic states), partly transplant-related (surgery per se, immunosuppressive therapy, primary nephropathy disease, pretransplant dialysis mode, post-transplant erythrocytosis, post-transplant infections). We observed a group of patients with an episode of DVT at least 6 months after transplant. Methods: In the period 2008-2011, we 30 evaluated patients with kidney retransplantation who developed DVT (lower limbs, lower limbs complicated by pulmonary embolism, retinal). Primary nephropathy, immunosuppressive regimen, post-transplant infections and erythrocytosis were recorded. Results: Significant increased incidence of DVT was observed in patients receiving cyclosporine or cyclosporine+mTOR inhibitors, in those with polycystic kidney diseases, systemic lupus erythematosus, nephrotic syndrome (especially if steroid-sensitive), in those who had been on peritoneal dialysis and in those with rapid and excessive correction of hematocrit values after transplant. DVT was not significantly related to acute infection (CMV) according to dialysis modality. Conclusions: Hypercoagulability in KTR is a multifactorial condition representing a severe complication in stable transplants. The prevention may consist either in an accurate pre-transplant thrombophilia screening or in identification of patients at higher DVT risk requiring long-term antiplatelet therapy. A longer observation period is needed to assess the optimal duration and type of anticoagulant therapy in these patients.
Incidence of late deep venous thrombosis in renal transplant patient: A single centar evaluation; Objectives: Kidney transplant recipients (KTR) manifest a hypercoagulable state that contributes to increase the incidence of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), also occurring late in stable patients. It has been proven an imbalance of hemostatic mechanisms in KTR, with a multifactorial rise in procoagulant factors, partly related to traditionl risk factors (diabetes, pregnancy, obesity, preexisting thrombophilic states), partly transplant-related (surgery per se, immunosuppressive therapy, primary nephropathy disease, pretransplant dialysis mode, post-transplant erythrocytosis, post-transplant infections). We observed a group of patients with an episode of DVT at least 6 months after transplant. Methods: In the period 2008-2011, we 30 evaluated patients with kidney retransplantation who developed DVT (lower limbs, lower limbs complicated by pulmonary embolism, retinal). Primary nephropathy, immunosuppressive regimen, post-transplant infections and erythrocytosis were recorded. Results: Significant increased incidence of DVT was observed in patients receiving cyclosporine or cyclosporine+mTOR inhibitors, in those with polycystic kidney diseases, systemic lupus erythematosus, nephrotic syndrome (especially if steroid-sensitive), in those who had been on peritoneal dialysis and in those with rapid and excessive correction of hematocrit values after transplant. DVT was not significantly related to acute infection (CMV) according to dialysis modality. Conclusions: Hypercoagulability in KTR is a multifactorial condition representing a severe complication in stable transplants. The prevention may consist either in an accurate pre-transplant thrombophilia screening or in identification of patients at higher DVT risk requiring long-term antiplatelet therapy. A longer observation period is needed to assess the optimal duration and type of anticoagulant therapy in these patients.
Morbidity associated with obesity in pregnancy; Obesity is associated with increased risk of illness and disability. It is one of the leading preventable causes of death in the World. Major maternal complications associated with obesity include diabetes mellitus, hypertension, deep vein thrombosis, respiratory diseases, infections and birth defects and even decreased fertility. Economic consequences of obesity are operative delivery and its complications, prolonged hospital stay. Objective: 1) To review maternal and fetal morbidity associated with obesity. 2) To observe the mode of delivery in obese pregnant female. Study Design: Observational study (cross section) Place and Duration of Study: This study was conducted at Khair-un-Nisa Hospital affiliated with Fatima Memorial Hospital from April 2011 to October 2011. Patients and Methods: 60 patients were enrolled in this study. Women with BMI more than 30 were included in our study. BMI was calculated by pre-pregnancy weight or weight during first trimester at booking within outpatient department. Patients with history of chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus were not included in the study. Results: The prevalence of obesity is increasing in our young population. In this study mean age is 30 years ± SD 91.25. Most of the patients had BMI 33 ± SD 2.80. Hypertension, diabetes, urinary tract infection 18.33%,congenital abnormalities 16.7%. Most of the patients ended on LSCS 30.5 %, wound infection noted in 11 patients 18.3%. During normal vaginal delivery 4 patients 6.7% had third degree prenieal tear and 11 patients had post-partum hemorrhage. Fetal complications were birth asphyxia in 8 (13.3%) neonates and shoulder dystocia in 2 (3.3%) babies. Conclusion: Obesity is a public health problem because of its prevalence, cost and health effects. Maternal obesity carries significant risk for mother and fetus. Risk increases with degree of obesity. Feto-maternal morbidity associated with it, can be prevented by creating awareness and preventing overweight and obesity in adults and children.
Massive pulmonary embolism in a pregnancy: Could we have saved both lives?; Case History: A 19 year old non-diabetic primigravida, presented in January 2012 with a right thigh carbuncle and bilateral leg swelling. Three procedures for wound debridement under spinal anesthesia were performed within a 5 day period as the wound failed to heal. An ultrasound doppler of lower limbs revealed bilateral lower limbs deep vein thrombosis at the level of common femoral vein. Therapeutic dose of low molecular weight heparin was commenced but she subsequently developed massive acute pulmonary embolism with saddle embolus on computed tomography pulmonary artery (CTPA). She became septic with a platelet count of 34 000, needing cardiovascular support and assisted ventilation in the intensive care. A multidisciplinary decision was made to insert an inferior vena cava (IVC) filter and remove the embolus under cardiac bypass surgery. Due to extremely low platelet, it was considered hazardous to have a caesarean section preceding the surgery. Unfortunately, intrauterine fetal death was diagnosed immediately following insertion of IVC filter. The saddle embolus was removed successfully. The fresh stillbirth delivered spontaneously 9 h post-surgery without any bleeding complications. After a hypertensive event 2 days later, she developed seizures and was treated as an eclamptic. A CT and MRI brain with contrast revealed posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES). She was discharged home at 6 weeks without any neurological sequalae and advised to continue on lifelong anticoagulation. She has since undergone reconstructive plastic surgery for her thigh lesion. Discussion: This case proved to be a management dilemma. This was a life threatening situation where a young primigravida presented with severe sepsis and thrombocytopaenia, bilateral pulmonary embolism while being fully anticoagulated. Saving the mother's life was hence our priority as her life would be put in jeopardy with a caesarean section in the presence of multiple risks which may have weighed down the bypass procedure and threatened her life. However, few questions arose as to whether we could have saved the baby's life as well. Delivery of the fetus could have improve maternal circulation, optimising ventilation and allowing the fetus a chance of survival. Inserting the IVC filter could have potentially further decreased the venous return and reduced the right ventricular output, causing the demise of the baby.
Enquiry into diagnosis, treatment and risk factors for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and the puerperium at macarthur health; Background: Pregnancy confers significant risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE), a major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. Pregnancy complicates diagnosis and treatment of VTE due to concerns about radiation and contrast exposure, bleeding and anticoagulant dosing. Aims: To investigate diagnostic strategy, treatment, and risk factors for VTE during pregnancy and the puerperium. Methods: We conducted a case-control trial of 714 pregnant patients between 1999 and 2009 at Campbelltown Hospital, Sydney. Cases were identifi ed using hospital diagnostic codes for VTE and pregnancy, and confi rmed by review of clinical record and diagnostic testing. Each case was allocated 20 controls, matched by delivery date. We compiled a database pertaining to demographics, diagnosis, comorbidities and treatments. Multivariate logistic regression models were used for case-control comparisons. Findings: Thirty-four VTE diagnoses were confi rmed: 10 pulmonary embolism (PE) and 24 deep venous thrombosis. VTE events were evenly divided between pregnancy and the puerperium, with incidence increasing as pregnancy advanced. For pulmonary embolism, ventilation perfusion scan was the preferred method of diagnosis during pregnancy, generally performed without concurrent chest x-ray. Low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) was the preferred anticoagulant during pregnancy, with transition to Warfarin during the puerperium. Both pre-pregnant weight and weight at diagnosis were used in LMWH dose calculation. The tendency was to underdose regardless of the dosing algorithm used. Caesarean-section (OR 2.85; 95% CI, 1.29, 6.32) and previous VTE (OR 10.26; 95% CI, 2.03, 51.92) were associated with significantly increased risk of VTE. Case patients were also significantly older than control patients (mean age 31.5 vs 27.6 respectively; p < 0.05). Weight, hypertension, diabetes and smoking were not associated with increased risk. Conclusion: Imaging investigations in pregnancy may sacrifice diagnostic accuracy to limit radiation exposure. Weight-based dosing used for LMWH is not consistently applied and may compromise therapeutic efficacy. Careful risk-benefi t analysis is required to safely diagnose and treat VTE during pregnancy.
Management of cardiovascular disease during pregnancy; Between 0.2 and 4% of all pregnancies in western industrialised countries are complicated by cardiovascular disease (CVD), and the number of patients who develop cardiac problems during pregnancy is increasing. Knowledge of the risks associated with CVD during pregnancy and their management is of pivotal importance for advising patients before pregnancy. © Sherborne Gibbs Limited 2012.
Intracardiac thrombi in extracardiac disorders: An autopsy study; Introduction: Intracardiac thrombi (ICT), more commonly encountered at autopsy, are well documented with underlying cardiovascular disease. Occurrence of ICT in systemic diseases without an intrinsic cardiac disorder is rare. The aim of this autopsy study was to highlight such an occurrence. Methods: From 1996 to 2010, cases with ICT unrelated to primary cardiac disorders were selected at autopsy and analyzed. Clinical and investigational data were obtained from the medical records. The location, morphology, size, and histological appearance of the thrombi were noted. The thrombi were then classified on the basis of their location, nature, and histology (fresh and/or organized); this was correlated with the clinical setting. Results: Among a total of 11,724 autopsies performed in 15 years, 276 patients (2.4%) had ICT. Of these, 45 patients (0.4%) had ICT that were unrelated to primary cardiac diseases. There were 25 men and 20 women with a mean age of 46.1 years. Antemortem diagnosis was not made in any of these patients. Eight patients each (35.6%) showed isolated left-sided and multichambered involvement, while the rest of the hearts (64.4%) had thrombi in the right-sided chamber(s). The recognizable risk factors were underlying cancers (24.4%), prolonged immobilization (20%), systemic lupus erythematosus (6.7%), pregnancy (4.4%), nephropathy (4.4%), primary antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (2.2%), and ulcerative colitis (2.2%). However, 16 patients (35.7%) had no obvious predisposing factor, although investigations for prothrombotic markers had not been done. Diabetes mellitus, chronic alcoholism, and deep vein thrombosis of the lower limbs had been clinically documented in some of them. The cause of death in most patients (73.3%) had been related to pulmonary and/or systemic thromboembolism. Conclusions: This autopsy study emphasizes the great need for a higher index of suspicion of in situ thrombosis in the heart in hypercoagulable states so as to curtail the morbidity and mortality of the primary disease process. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Thromboprophylaxis for women undergoing caesarean section; Thromboprophylaxis for women undergoing caesarean section (CS) was introduced in the hospital in 1995. This study audited the use of tinzaparin prophylaxis in a nested cohort of women who screened negative for diabetes mellitus at 28 weeks gestation. All the women had their weight measured and BMI calculated at the first antenatal visit. Of the 284 women, 68 (24%) had a CS and all received tinzaparin. Of the 68, however, 94% received a dose lower than recommended. Compliance with prophylaxis was complete but compliance with the recommended dosage was suboptimal, which may result in venous thromboembolism after CS despite thromboprophylaxis.
Care of the infant of the diabetic mother; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) from all causes of diabetes is the most common medical complication of pregnancy and is increasing in incidence, particularly as type 2 diabetes continues to increase worldwide. Despite advances in perinatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) remain at risk for a multitude of physiologic, metabolic, and congenital complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia and hyperviscosity, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly of the central nervous system. Overt type 1 diabetes around conception produces marked risk of embryopathy (neural tube defects, cardiac defects, caudal regression syndrome), whereas later in gestation, severe and unstable type 1 maternal diabetes carries a higher risk of intrauterine growth restriction, asphyxia, and fetal death. IDMs born to mothers with type 2 diabetes are more commonly obese (macrosomic) with milder conditions of the common problems found in IDMs. IDMs from all causes of GDM also are predisposed to later-life risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Care of the IDM neonate needs to focus on ensuring adequate cardiorespiratory adaptation at birth, possible birth injuries, maintenance of normal glucose metabolism, and close observation for polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and feeding intolerance. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Protein-Z-Mangel bei ungeklärter Neigung zu Thrombosen, Blutungen oder Aborten; A protein Z deficiency is presumably related with a threefold risk of venous and arterial thrombosis. Mucosal bleedings and post-operative haematomas can occur more frequently. This is seen in an increased in vivo bleeding time without other plasmatic coagulation disorders or thrombopathies. Pregnancy complications, especially abortions before the 15th week of gestation, are described as well. Patients, methods: Since May 2011 the plasmatic concentration of protein Z has been tested in 684 patients of the Hämostaseologicum. Results: In 74 patients a protein Z deficiency has been found. In other 45 patients protein Z was reduced because of the intake of phenprocoumon or coumadin. Of the 74 patients with diminished protein Z concentration 39 were marginally decreased (protein Z 1000-1500 μg/l). Of the 35 patients with a protein Z concentration <1000 μg/l 12 had had a thrombosis before (6 strokes, 3 DVT or PE, 1 arterial thrombosis, 1 retinal branch vein occlusion, 1 acute hearing loss). 7 had arterial hypertension, 2 suffered from diabetes mellitus. Of the patients who had a thrombosis 6 had a heterozygous factor V Leiden mutation. 10 had a microcirculation disorder (Raynaud's phenomenon), 4 Korrespondenzadresse: Prof. Dr. Holger Kiesewetter Haemostaseologicum MVZ GbR Berlin Mohrenstr. 6, 10117 Berlin Tel. 030/34 06 09 20 E-Mail: kiesewetter@haemostaseologicum.com had had bleeding complications before, 3 had a von Willebrand disease type I, 6 patients had had abortions and 4 were healthy. Of the 39 patients with protein Z concentrations between 1000 and 1500 μg/l 18 had experienced a thrombosis before (9 DVT or PE, 3 myocardial infarctions, 1 CHD, 3 strokes, 1 retinal branch vein occlusion, 1 PAOD I, 1 tinnitus). 5 additionally had arterial hypertension. 13 suffered from Raynaud's phenomenon, of which 7 had a hypotension. Of the patients with thromboses 3 had a heterozygous factor V Leiden mutation and one a protein C deficiency. 7 patients had had an abortion before. Bleeding complications were seen in 4 patients, of which 3 suffered from von Willebrand disease type 1. © Schattauer 2012.
Venous thromboembolism in patients with essential thrombocythemia and polycythemia vera; Polycythemia vera (PV) and essential thrombocythemia (ET) are myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs), which generally follow a benign and indolent clinical course. However, venous thromboses are common and constitute the main cause of morbidity and mortality. The discovery of the JAK2V617F mutation and other biomarkers has advanced our understanding of these diseases. There is a strong association between the presence of the JAK2V617F mutation and the development of thrombosis in ET. If venous thrombosis presents with unusual manifestations, the diagnosis of a MPN, such as PV or ET, should be part of the differentials. Treatment of venous thrombosis in MPN follows the same principle as in other patients with venous thrombosis, but careful attention to primary and secondary prophylaxis in addition to heparin-induced thrombocytopenia should be given. Cytoreductive therapy is indicated in high-risk subgroups of PV and ET patients, and alternative therapeutic agents have different effects on risk of venous thrombosis. New therapeutic approaches are emerging, and JAK2 inhibitors, histone deacetylase inhibitors and next-generation anticoagulants are in various stages of clinical development for the treatment of MPN, but their exact role in thrombosis prevention and treatment remains unclear. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Levonorgestrel intrauterine system for the treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding in women with uterine fibroids: A pilot study; Study Objective: To study the efficacy of LNG-IUS in women with abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) and uterine fibroids. Design: IRB approved retrospective cohort (II-2). Setting: University-affiliated teaching hospital. Patients: 62 women with AUB, uterine fibroids and various comorbidities. Intervention: From Jan. 2002-Feb.2007, women with AUB and uterine fibroids were treated with LNG-IUS. Many had comorbidities (83%): 22- obesity, 5-anticoagulated (4 deep vein thromboses, 1 stroke), 5-diabetic, 6-hypertensive, 2-endometrial hyperplasia (1 simple, 1 complex/atypia), 2-asthmatic, and 1 each with multiple sclerosis, heart disease, migraines, thalassemia, ileostomy, renal disease, and rheumatoid arthritis. Ruta Menorrhagia Severity Scores were documented at baseline, and 3, 6, 12, 24 months to determine change in menstrual flow and quality of life. Pelvic ultrasounds were conducted at baseline, 12 and 24 months to determine change in fibroid volume. Measurements and Main Results: The LNG-IUSwas expelled in 5 (8.1%), and removed in 14 (22.6%) women for various reasons; bleeding (7), pain (3), unknown (2), discharge (1), trying for pregnancy (1), One endometrial biopsy indicated endometrioid adenocarcinoma and the patient underwent hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy. Mean Ruta scores decreased in all patients with a 61% and 71% reduction at 1 and 2 years, respectively. Data for fibroid volumes at 1-2 yearswere available for 31 (50.0%) patients. Reduction in dominant fibroid volumewas noted in 19 (61.2%)women with average reduction of -62.6%. Increase in fibroid volume was noted in 9 (29.0%) women with a wide variation in growth, while 3 (9.6%) had no change in fibroid volume (+/-10%). There was no difference in age, body mass index, or parity between fibroid responders and non-responders. Conclusion: LNG-IUS is an effective, minimally invasive method of managing AUB in the presence of uterine fibroids in the majority of high risk women.
The effect of comprehensive care on maternal and fetal outcomes in sickle cell disease pregnancies; Introduction: Patients with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) have increased rates of maternal and fetal complications compared to the general population, including premature rupture of membranes, post-partum infection, low birth weight, small for gestational age (SGA), intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and preterm delivery. They also experience higher rates of antepartum complications: painful vasoocclusive crises (VOC), infections, PIH/preeclampsia, abruption, antepartum bleeding, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary hypertension, cerebral vein thrombosis, pneumonia, pyelonephritis, deep vein thrombosis (DVT), transfusion and systemic inflammatory response syndrome. Comprehensive care reduces morbidity and mortality in infancy and early childhood and is the cornerstone of care in SCD. However, the effect of comprehensive care on maternal and fetal outcome in patients with SCD has not been examined. We hypothesize that pre-conception comprehensive care improve maternal and fetal outcomes and reduced rates of antepartum complications in patients with SCD. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of patients with SCD (SS, SC, S/beta-thalassemia) who delivered at the Mount Sinai Hospital (MSH), a high risk obstetrics care institution in Central Ontario, Canada, between 2000 and 2010 based on the Antenatal Database, Delivery Database, electronic and paper-based medical records. Patients were jointly managed by a maternal-fetal medicine (MFM) specialist and hematologist specialized in hemoglobinopathies. We analyzed the maternal and fetal characteristics and outcomes (age at delivery, genotype, gravida, gestational age, birth weight, number of Caesarian sections and vaginal deliveries), antepartum complications (pregnancy induced hypertension (including pre-eclampsia and eclampsia), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm premature rupture of membranes, oligohydramnios, abruption/previa, venous thromboembolism, urinary tract infection), and SCD-specific complications (painful vaso-occlusive crises, acute chest syndrome, pneumonia, and transfusion) based on the presence or absence of comprehensive care prior to pregnancy by the Red Blood Cell Disorders (RBCD) Clinic at the University Health Network, a SCD comprehensive care centre from the same catchment area as MSH. t-test was used to compare means of two groups, Fisher's exact test and chi-squared tests were used to compare categorical frequency data, where appropriate. Alpha value of 0.05 was chosen as the level of significance. Results and Discussion: We identified 79 deliveries by 64 patients with SCD who received obstetric care at MSH. Mean gestational age at delivery was 37.69 weeks (95% CI 37.00 to 38.37 weeks) and 21 (27%) were preterm (< 37 weeks). Thirty-one deliveries (39%) were by Caesarian section and 48 were delivered vaginally. Seventeen (22%) were low birth weight (< 2500 g) and 11 (14%) were small for gestational age. Maternal and fetal outcomes and rates of antepartum complications were similar to the existing literature (Powars, 1986; Smith, 1996; Serjeant, 2004; Barfield, 2010). Twenty-eight deliveries by 22 of the 64 patients received comprehensive care at the RBCD clinic prior to their pregnancies for a mean duration of 5 years. There was no significant difference in maternal or fetal outcomes or antepartum complications. The results suggest that the role of comprehensive care prior to conception may not be as crucial in pregnancy outcomes of patients with SCD as previously thought. The lack of difference may also be due to the fact that the patients' care was closely monitored during the pregnancy by both specialists in hemoglobinopathies and high risk obstetrics. Limitations of the study include its single-centered and retrospective nature, exclusion of stillbirths and miscarriages, and small sample size. Also, patients who were enrolled in the comprehensive care program may carry more comorbidities and SCD-specific complications, compared to patients referred from the community, but this was not examined in the present study. Further prospective observational studies of SCD patients in the child-bearing age, with attention to the frequency and type of pre-pregnancy SCD-specific complications, as well as standardized application of comprehensive care, will be helpful in determining whether comprehensive care is useful in reducing antepartum complications in patients with SCD.
Characteristics of gastrointestinal ischemia in patients with antiphospholipid syndrome; Purpose: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is an acquired hypercoagulable state which presents clinically with arterial or venous thrombosis, or recurrent pregnancy losses. Immunologically, patients have presence of the lupus anticoagulant and/or anti-cardiolipin antibodies. Our goal is to investigate the clinical risk factors and characteristics of gastrointestinal ischemia in patients with APS. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed and we identified 53 adult patients with antiphospholipid syndrome who were admitted for gastrointestinal ischemia from July 2004 to December 2010. Our primary endpoint was development of gastrointestinal ischemia (including acute or chronic mesenteric ischemia and ischemic colitis). We also investigated demographic, clinical and immunologic data from these patients. Results: In total, 53 patients with a mean age of 60 years (range 18-92; median age 61 years) were identified at our institution. There were 42 females (77%). In terms of social habits, 21 (40%) were smokers and 12 (23%) drank more than one alcoholic beverage per day. Diabetes mellitus was reported in 16 (30%) of patients, hypertension in 31 (58%) and hyperlipidemia in 21 (40%). As far as previous clinical manifestations of APS, 29 (55%) had at least one venous thrombotic event, most commonly deep venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and nine (17%) had a history of an arterial thrombotic event, including stroke. Forty-five (85%) of the APS patients with gastrointestinal ischemia presented with hematochezia while six (11%) had melena. Abdominal pain was present in 11 (21%) of the patients on admission. In terms of laboratory findings, 29 (55%) had anti-cardiolipin antibodies, 42 (79%) had positive lupus anticoagulant, and 13 (25%) had both. Anticoagulation, usually with warfarin, was the most common treatment and was seen in 92% of patients. Conclusion: In patients with APS, gastrointestinal ischemia although rare, is an important complication. A significant number of patients with gastrointestinal ischemia had diabetes, hypertension and hyperlipidemia, but this is most likely related to lifestyle choices and obesity rather than the presence of APS. Hematochezia was the most common symptom, present in 85% of our patients. Overall, in patients presenting with mesenteric thrombosis or ischemic colitis without clear predisposing factors, APS should be ruled out.
Gender differences are risk factors in manifestation of cerebral venous and sinus thrombosis; Cerebral venous and sinus thrombosis (CVST) accounts for less than 1% of all cerebral strokes (CS). However, their frequency is much higher due to the difficulties in establishing a firm diagnosis. According to the World Health Statistics 2008, nearly 40,000 women more than men, die of stroke each year and this gender disparity more significantly is observed in European countries. Awareness of gender differences in manifestation of CVST provided us to investigate a cohort of 78 patients (in equal gender proportion) aged 18 to 77 years with CVST from 1995- 2010. CVST was diagnosed by CT venography and MRI angiography. The risk ratio (RR) and confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using Poisson regression model. The most frequent risk factors in women were found - pregnancy and postpartum period. CVST manifestation was observed during the last trimester of pregnancy and in early puerperium with high age-adjusted RR: 2.23 and 9.70 with 95% CI 0.32 - 1.48 (in 17-34 years patients) and 1.37 and 4.30 with 95% CI 0.20 - 0.61 (in women of 35-44 years). Other main risk factors of CVST in females were existing cardiovascular disease (p<0.01) and diabetes, whereas in the male population, on the first place were deep venous thrombosis in the lower extremities (RR 8.13 with 95% CI 1.12) and alcohol consumption (p<0.02). Women and men tend to recall different ways of CVST manifestation due to dissimilar risk factors of stroke. Therefore, more research is necessary to maintain gender-specific approach to venous CS prevention and treatment.
Risk factors associated with venous thromboembolism in mastectomy patients; INTRODUCTION: Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), collectively known as venous thromboembolism (VTE), negatively impact quality of life and incur significant healthcare costs. Mortality from VTE is estimated to be approximately 300,000 deaths in the United States annually. Thus, it is imperative to understand the risk factors for VTE so that the appropriate preventative measures may be taken. Risk factors for VTE were studied in patients who have undergone mastectomy. METHODS: Patients who underwent mastectomies in the American College of Surgeons' National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (ACS-NSQIP) database from 2005-2009 were identified. Univariate analyses were performed to determine associations of DVT and/or PE with each of the following risk factors: age, race, BMI, diabetes, smoking, pregnancy, CHF, hypertension, COPD, inpatient/outpatient status, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, venous catheterization, operative time, and reconstruction. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine adjusted odds ratios (AOR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for risk factors with a p<0.05. RESULTS: Of the 49,028 mastectomy cases identified, 114 patients (0.23%;95%CI:0.19%-0.27%) developed VTE. Of those, 67 had DVT alone, 37 had PE alone, and 10 had both DVT and PE. One patient had two DVTs and no PE. Patients who had a BMI>30 compared to those with BMI<30 were twice as likely (AOR:2.02;95%CI:1.4-2.9) to develop VTE. Similarly, having inpatient status (AOR:2.36;95%CI:1.5-3.8), concomitant venous catheterization (AOR:2.2;95%CI:1.0-4.8), and operations equal to or greater than 3 hours (AOR:2.42;95%CI:1.5- 3.9) increased risk over 2 fold. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity, inpatient status, venous catheterization, and prolonged operative time are risk factors for VTE.
Clinical review: Special populations - critical illness and pregnancy; Critical illness is an uncommon but potentially devastating complication of pregnancy. The majority of pregnancy-related critical care admissions occur postpartum. Antenatally, the pregnant patient is more likely to be admitted with diseases non-specific to pregnancy, such as pneumonia. Pregnancy-specific diseases resulting in ICU admission include obstetric hemorrhage, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count) syndrome, amniotic fluid embolus syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, and peripartum cardiomyopathy. Alternatively, critical illness may result from pregnancy-induced worsening of pre-existing diseases (for example, valvular heart disease, myasthenia gravis, and kidney disease). Pregnancy can also predispose women to diseases seen in the non-pregnant population, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome (for example, pneumonia and aspiration), sepsis (for example, chorioamnionitis and pyelonephritis) or pulmonary embolism. The pregnant patient may also develop conditions co-incidental to pregnancy such as trauma or appendicitis. Hemorrhage, particularly postpartum, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy remain the most frequent indications for ICU admission. This review focuses on pregnancy-specific causes of critical illness. Management of the critically ill mother poses special challenges. The physiologic changes in pregnancy and the presence of a second, dependent, patient may necessitate adjustments to therapeutic and supportive strategies. The fetus is generally robust despite maternal illness, and therapeutically what is good for the mother is generally good for the fetus. For pregnancy-induced critical illnesses, delivery of the fetus helps resolve the disease process. Prognosis following pregnancy-related critical illness is generally better than for age-matched non-pregnant critically ill patients. © 2010 BioMed Central Ltd.
Critical illness in obstetric patients: Venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; During pregnancy, the risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) increases 2-5 fold and pulmonary embolism (PE) remains a leading cause of maternal mortality in developed countries. For pregnant women with suspected deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or PE, the use of serial compression leg ultrasound (CUS) should be considered to exclude DVT whereas a normal ventilation perfusion lung scan likely excludes PE. A computer tomographic pulmonary angiogram (CTPA) could assist in ruling out PE in women who present with an abnormal chest radiograph. Low molecular weight heparins (LMWH) are the agents of choice for treatment and thromboprophylaxis of pregnant patients with VTE but appropriate dosing changes throughout pregnancy remain uncertain. Women with previously unprovoked VTE and those in whom VTE are provoked by previous pregnancies or use of oral contraceptive are at highest risk of VTE recurrence during pregnancy, and should be offered antepartum and postpartum thromboprophylaxis. On the other hand, women with prior VTE related to a transient risk factor would benefit from postpartum thromboprophylaxis. More research is needed to identify the absolute risk of VTE during pregnancy associated with more prevalent risk factors such as maternal age, obesity, and mode of delivery. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Prevention of venous thromboembolism in medical patients with thrombocytopenia or with platelet dysfunction: A review of the literature; Current guidelines for venous thromboembolism (VTE) primary prophylaxis are based on randomized clinical trials that exclude subjects at a potentially high bleeding risk. Thus no specific recommendation/algorithm for pharmacological prophylaxis in patients with thrombocytopenia and/or platelet dysfunction is available. Because at least 25% of subjects admitted to medical departments exhibit these conditions, information on this subject is provided here to optimize their VTE prophylaxis. Low platelet number/function and clotting abnormalities are common in patients with liver cirrhosis. However, these patients have a high incidence of portal and idiopathic venous thromboses, implying that cirrhotic coagulopathy does not protect against thrombosis. At variance with severe thrombocytopenia (< 50,000/μL), mild/moderate thrombocytopenia (> 50,000/μL) should not interfere with VTE prevention decisions. In severe thrombocytopenia, prophylaxis should be considered on an individual basis, however. In patients with antiphospholipid antibodies and thrombocytopenia, a thrombotic tendency is usually associated rather than a bleeding risk. VTE prophylaxis in high-risk conditions is thus suggested in these patients. Except in cases with contraindications to anticoagulation, antithrombotic prophylaxis should be always considered in hospitalized cancer patients with thrombocytopenia, especially in those with hematologic malignancies and multiple VTE risk factors. Aspirin treatment is not as effective as heparins in lowering the risk of VTE. Studies in stroke suggest that thromboprophylaxis with heparins is safe in patients with ischemic stroke undergoing aspirin treatment. The need for VTE prophylaxis in patients on chronic treatment with aspirin and/or clopidogrel should be evaluated after assessing the individual risk-benefit ratio. Copyright © 2011 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Standard guidelines for care: Sclerotherapy in dermatology; Definition: Sclerotherapy is defined as the targeted elimination of small vessels, varicose veins and vascular anomalies by the injection of a sclerosant. The aim of sclerotherapy is to damage the vessel wall and transform it into a fibrous cord that cannot be recanalized. It is a simple, cost-effective, efficacious and esthetically acceptable modality for both therapeutic and esthetic purposes. Indications: Therapeutic indications include varicose veins and vascular malformations. Esthetic indications include telangiectasias and reticular veins. In the management of varicose veins, it may need to be combined with other surgical methods of treatment, such as ligation of the saphenofemoral junction, stab ligation of perforators and stripping. A surgical opinion may be necessary. Methodology: A thorough knowledge of the anatomy and physiology of the venous system of the legs, basic principles of venous insufficiency, methods of diagnosis and, in addition, uses, mechanisms of action and complications of sclerosing agents and proper compression techniques are important pre-requisites to successful sclerotherapy. Although various sclerosing agents are available, polidoconal and sodium tetradecyl sulfate are most commonly used. More recently, these sclerosants have been used in microfoam form for increased efficacy. The basic principle of a successful sclerotherapy technique is the use of an optimal volume and concentration of the sclerosant according to the size of the vessel. The sclerosant is injected carefully into the vessel and compression is applied. Contraindications: Contraindications include superficial and deep venous thrombosis, sapheno-femoral junction incompetence, pregnancy, myocardial decompensation, migraine, hypercoagulable state, serious systemic illness, dependency edema, immobility, arterial disease, diabetes mellitus and allergic reactions to sclerosants. Complications: While sclerotherapy is usually a safe procedure, complications may occur due to inappropriate patient selection or improper injection techniques. The complications may be acute or delayed. Complications include hyperpigmentation, matting, local urticaria, cutaneous necrosis, microthrombi, accidental intra-arterial injection, phlebitis, deep vein thrombosis, thromboembolism, scintillating scotomas, nerve damage and allergic reactions. Physician Qualification: Sclerotherapy may be administered by a surgeon or dermatologist who has acquired adequate training during post-graduation or through recognized fellowships and workshops dedicated to sclerotherapy. He should have an adequate knowledge of the anatomy of the venous system, be able to diagnose and manage venous disease and its associated consequences as well as possess the necessary skills to perform the procedures, understand the appropriate indications and limitations, technique modifications and management of the potential adverse sequelae associated with sclerotherapy and also understand the pharmacology of the sclerosing solutions. Facility: The procedure may be performed in the physician's procedure room.
Use of hydroxychloroquine to prevent thrombosis in systemic lupus erythematosus and in antiphospholipid antibody-positive patients; Hydroxychloroquine is used extensively in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, not only for its benefit for cutaneous and musculoskeletal lupus, but also for its role in preventing flares, preventing renal and central nervous system lupus, and improving survival rates. Hydroxychloroquine also has known benefits in reducing some traditional cardiovascular risk factors, such as hyperlipidemia and diabetes mellitus. This article reviews its possible role as an antithrombotic drug in the general population, in systemic lupus erythematosus, and in patients with antiphospholipid antibodies. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Primary thrombosis prophylaxis in antiphospholipid antibody-positive patients: Where do we stand?; Persistently positive antiphospholipid antibodies (aPLs) with thrombosis and/or pregnancy morbidity are the hallmark of the antiphospholipid syndrome. However, aPL-positive patients with no prior history of thrombosis exist. On the basis of a limited number of studies that predominantly included systemic lupus erythematosus patients, aPL-positive patients without previous thrombosis have a 0% to 3.8% annual incident thrombosis risk. Given that every positive aPL test is not clinically significant and every aPL-positive patient does not have the same thrombosis risk, risk stratification (based on aPL profile, age, systemic autoimmune diseases, and traditional cardiovascular disease or venous thrombosis risk factors) is crucial to determine the first thrombosis risk in aPL-positive patients. The optimal primary thrombosis prevention strategy in patients with clinically significant aPL profiles should include 1) regular monitoring and elimination of non-aPL thrombosis risk factors, 2) aggressive management of clinical and subclinical systemic autoimmune disease activity, and 3) patient counseling and education. The protective effect of low-dose aspirin against incident thrombosis in patients with clinically significant aPL profiles is not supported by randomized controlled data; general population cardiovascular disease risk prediction tools and prevention guidelines formulated based on risk-benefit calculations should play a role in the decision whether to recommend low-dose aspirin. The effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine, statins, or their combination remains to be determined by well-designed randomized controlled trials. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension, but not gestational diabetes mellitus, is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to identify the association of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). Subjects and Methods: This was a retrospective study of 57,009 pregnancies during 2002-2008 at Cheil General Hospital, Kwandong University. The diagnosis of VTE {deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (PE)} was based on clot visualization via ultrasound or computed tomography. Results: In total, 27 cases (PE, 20 cases) were detected. The incidence of VTE was 0.47 per 1,000 pregnancies. To determine risk factors associated with pregnancy-induced VTE, univariate analysis using a chi-square test was performed. Cesarean (C)-section, multiple pregnancy, PIH, placenta previa, and assisted reproduction technique (ART) were statistically significant compared to the controls (all, p=0.000). However, age, premature rupture of membrane, and GDM were not statistically related to VTE. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios for the risk factors. Placenta previa showed a 12.6-fold higher risk, while PIH had a 9.8-fold higher risk for the occurrence of VTE. C-section and ART procedures increased the risk of VTE by 4.2 times compared to that of the controls. Conclusion: Placenta previa and PIH were significant risk factors for VTE, whereas the known traditional risk factors of increased age and GDM were not found to be associated with VTE. Copyright © 2011 The Korean Society of Cardiology.
Polymorphisms of human cytochrome P450 2C9 and the functional relevance; Human cytochrome P450 2C9 (CYP2C9) accounts for ~20% of hepatic total CYP content and metabolizes ~15% clinical drugs such as phenytoin, S-warfarin, tolbutamide, losartan, and many nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs). CYP2C9 is highly polymorphic, with at least 33 variants of CYP2C9 (1B through 34) being identified so far. CYP2C9 2 is frequent among Caucasians with ~1% of the population being homozygous carriers and 22% are heterozygous. The corresponding figures for the CYP2C9 3 allele are 0.4% and 15%, respectively. There are a number of clinical studies addressing the impact of CYP2C9 polymorphisms on the clearance and/or therapeutic response of therapeutic drugs. These studies have highlighted the importance of the CYP2C9 2 and 3 alleles as a determining factor for drug clearance and drug response. The CYP2C9 polymorphisms are relevant for the efficacy and adverse effects of numerous NSAIDs, sulfonylurea antidiabetic drugs and, most critically, oral anticoagulants belonging to the class of vitamin K epoxide reductase inhibitors. Warfarin has served as a practical example of how pharmacogenetics can be utilized to achieve maximum efficacy and minimum toxicity. For many of these drugs, a clear gene-dose and gene-effect relationship has been observed in patients. In this regard, CYP2C9 alleles can be considered as a useful biomarker in monitoring drug response and adverse effects. Genetic testing of CYP2C9 is expected to play a role in predicting drug clearance and conducting individualized pharmacotherapy. However, prospective clinical studies with large samples are warranted to establish gene-dose and gene-effect relationships for CYP2C9 and its substrate drugs. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Epidemiology and incidence: The scope of the problem and risk factors for development of venous thromboembolism; The proportion of hospitalized patients with pulmonary embolism (PE) is increasing. Whether this represents more admissions with PE or more diagnoses made in hospitalized patients is uncertain. The proportion of hospitalized patients with deep venous thrombosis has decreased precipitously as a result of home treatment. Asians and Native Americans have a lower incidence of PE than whites or African Americans. The incidence of PE increases exponentially with age, but no age group, including infants and children, is immune. Several medical illnesses have now been shown to be associated with a higher risk for venous thromboembolism. Epidemiologic data and new information on risk factors provide insight into making an informed clinical assessment and evaluation for antithrombotic prophylaxis. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Molecular and vascular targets in the pathogenesis and management of the hypertension associated with preeclampsia; Normal pregnancy is associated with significant hemodynamic changes and vasodilation of the uterine and systemic circulation in order to meet the metabolic demands of the mother and developing fetus. Preeclampsia (PE) is one of the foremost complications of pregnancy and a major cause of maternal and fetal mortality. The pathophysiological mechanisms of PE have been elusive, but some parts of the puzzle have begun to unravel. Genetic factors such as leptin gene polymorphism, environmental and dietary factors such as Ca2+ and vitamin D deficiency, and co-morbidities such as obesity and diabetes may increase the susceptibility of pregnant women to develop PE. An altered maternal immune response may also play a role in the development of PE. Although the pathophysiology of PE is unclear, most studies have implicated inadequate invasion of cytotrophoblasts into the uterine artery, leading to reduced uteroplacental perfusion pressure (RUPP) and placental ischemia/hypoxia. Placental ischemia induces the release of biologically active factors such as growth factor inhibitors, anti-angiogenic factors, inflammatory cytokines, reactive oxygen species, hypoxiainducible factors, and antibodies to vascular angiotensin II (AngII) receptor. These bioactive factors could cause vascular endotheliosis and consequent increase in vascular resistance and blood pressure, as well as glomerular endotheliosis with consequent proteinuria. The PE-associated vascular endotheliosis could be manifested as decreased vasodilator mediators such as nitric oxide, prostacyclin and hyperpolarizing factor and increased vasoconstrictor mediators such as endothelin-1, AngII and thromboxane A2. PE could also involve enhanced mechanisms of vascular smooth muscle contraction including intracellular Ca2+, and Ca2+ sensitization pathways such as protein kinase C and Rho-kinase. PE-associated changes in the extracellular matrix composition and matrix metalloproteinases activity also promote vascular remodeling and further vasoconstriction in the uterine and systemic circulation. Some of these biologically active factors and vascular mediators have been proposed as biomarkers for early prediction or diagnosis of PE, and as potential targets for prevention or treatment of the disease. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Prevention of VTE during pregnancy; The incidence of VTE is estimated at 0.76 to 1.72 per 1000 pregnancies, which is four times as great as the risk in the non-pregnant population. A meta-analysis showed that two thirds of cases of deep-vein thrombosis occurred in the antepartum period and were distributed relatively equally among all three trimesters. At least 50% of cases of VTE in pregnant women are associated with an inherited or acquired thrombophilia. Additional risk factors include black race, heart disease, sickle cell disease, diabetes, lupus, smoking, multiple pregnancy, age greater than 35 years, obesity, and cesarean delivery. Women who have had a thromboembolic event have a much higher risk of a recurrent episode during pregnancy than women without such a history and the risks of VTE are even higher in the puerperium. An inadequate treatment and an inadequate thromboprophylaxis account for many of the deaths due to VTE. The use of anticoagulation for prevention of pregnancy complications in women with hereditary thrombophilia or previous thrombosis is becoming more frequent. The use of anticoagulant therapy during pregnancy is challenging because of the potential for fetal, as well as maternal, complications. Given the paucity of data regarding the efficacy of anticoagulants during pregnancy, recommendations in pregnant women are based on extrapolations from data from non-pregnant patients and from case series of pregnant patients. In this context, systematic reviews of LMWH use as anticoagulants in pregnancy have been undertaken including enoxaparin, dalteparin, tinzaparin, nadroparin, bemiparin and data demonstrate that LMWHs provide effective thromboprophylaxis. Due to its safety and efficaccy, the use of LMWH has become more widespread, both for VTE treatment and thromboprophylaxis, and more recently for the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcome. Nevertheless, the risks and benefits of thromboprophilaxis should be evaluated for each patient, and the patient might be involved in the decisionmaking process with informed consent.
Flu pandemic (H1N1) v in pregnants, experience in an intensive care unit obstetrician-gynecologist; OBJECTIVES. Describe the characteristics and progress of influenza in pregnants women admitted in obstetric intensive care unit (ICU OG). METHODS. Descriptive study of pregnant with influenza A admitted in the obstetric section ICU. The study period runs from September 2009 to January 2010. During this period 55 patients were admitted. Entry criteria (%): gestosis 31%, complicated postoperative gynecology and obstetrics 27, postpartum hemorrhage 9, acute respiratory failure in influenza pneumonia: 7.2, sepsis and others respiratory failure 5 respectively, others (pregnant myocardial infarction, trauma, renal failure, arrhythmias and heart failure) 14. Acute respiratory failure due to influenza pneumonia was assessed using severity criteria the ATS/IDSA (major criteria (1): need for mechanical ventilation or septic shock; minor criteria (2 or more): SBP<90 mmHg, RR>30 rpm, PaO2/FiO2<250, multilobar infiltrates, confusion, urea>55 mg/dl, hypothermia, leucopenia/thrombocytopenia). RESULTS. Were admitted in ICU 13 cases of severe influenza pneumonia, nasopharyngeal specimens confirmed with RT-PCR positive for influenza A (H1N1): 4 pregnant in ICU OG, and 6 women and 3 men general ICU. The average age of pregnant was 34 ± 5 years, average stay 18 days. 75% were in the 3rd trimester and one in the 2nd trimester (week 24). Two-third pregnancy and two primiparous. The APACHE II on admission ranged between 13 and 22. Only one patient with pre-existing disease (diabetes type 2). Admission due: Acute respiratory failure complicating pneumonia multilobar in 100%, with more than 6 days of typical symptoms (fever >38°C, malaise, myalgia, headache and respiratory symptoms), no starting oseltamivir within 48 h symptoms. Caesarean was performed at 100%; 75% in the first 24 h of admission and one after 15 days (week 26) intraUCI, posterior cerebral hemorrhage fetal death. All newborns free of viral disease. Invasive mechanical ventilation (MV) in the first 24 h in 3 patients and 1 did not require. Required aggressive parameters 100%: BIPAP, alveolar recruitment and prone. A percutaneous tracheostomy for weaning. The average duration of mechanical ventilation: 19 ±×days Complications: barotrauma (pneumothorax and a pneumomediastinum 1). 75% required vasoactive drugs. One patient with acute renal failure that required extracorporeal clearance techniques (HDFVVC), recovering renal function, deep vein thrombosis complicated with Shaldon catheter. One brain death by massive subarachnoid hemorrhage. Nosocomial infections in 2 patients, most common germ Staphylococcus epidermidis catheter and Candida sp in urine. Initial empiric coverage with ceftriaxone and clarithromycin, as well as oseltamivir. CONCLUSIONS. During pregnancy, especially in the second and third quarters, there is an increased risk of complications associated with infection by influenza A virus H1N1, highlighting pneumonia, with more rapid progression to severe respiratory complications.
Cesarean delivery in Finland: Maternal complications and obstetric risk factors; Objective. To assess the rate of maternal complications related to cesarean section (CS) and to compare morbidity between elective, emergency and crash-emergency CS. To establish risk factors associated with maternal CS morbidity. Design. A prospective multicenter cohort study. Setting. Twelve delivery units in Finland. Population. Women delivering by CS (n 2,496) during a 6 months period in the study hospitals. Methods. Data on pregnant women, CS, and maternal recovery during the hospital stay was collected prospectively on report forms. The complication rates by different CSs were calculated, and factors associated with morbidity were analyzed by odds ratios (OR). Main outcome measures. Maternal complication rates in different types of CS. The association of risk factors with morbidity. Results. About 27% of women delivering by CS had complications; 10% had severe complications. The complication rate was higher in emergency CS than in elective CS, and highest in crash-emergency CS. Significant independent risk factors for maternal morbidity were emergency CS and crash-emergency CS compared to elective CS (OR 1.8; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.52.2), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.5; CI 1.12.0), maternal obesity (OR 1.4; CI 1.11.8) and maternal increasing age (OR 1.1; CI 1.031.2 per each 5 years). Conclusions. Maternal complications are frequent in CS, and although performing CS electively reduces the occurrence of complications, the frequency is still high. The complication rate depends on the degree of emergency, and increases with maternal obesity, older age and pre-eclampsia. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Past, present and future in the antitrombotic therapy; The thrombotic phenomenon is, in our days, the leading cause of death in developed countries and nuestro.1 advances in knowledge about the clotting system, phase platelet and plasma cascade, have driven the development of new diagnostic techniques that allow today to obtain a specific diagnosis of the risk factors for thrombus detection and congenital abnormalities (thrombophilias primary) 1.2 The large clinical spectrum of thrombotic phenomena, such as deep vein thrombosis, thromboembolism lung (now included as a single entity in venous thromboembolic disease), coronary artery disease, carotid disease, transient ischemic attack, stroke, cerebral venous thrombosis, peripheral arterial disease, mesenteric thrombosis, renovascular disease, etc., and the long list of risk factors such as pregnancy, postpartum period, major surgery, orthopedic surgery, malignant disease, atrial fibrillation, immobilization, use of oral contraceptives or hormone replacement therapy, autoimmune diseases (such as antiphospholipid syndrome, Behcet's disease, etc. .), obesity, atherosclerosis, sepsis, prolonged travel, diabetes mellitus, nephrotic syndrome, etc., innovation and pharmacological agents for secondary prevention of these diseases is summarized in the need for us all health professionals in the update knowledge of this disease. Antithrombotic therapy is divided, in general, in mechanical and pharmacological measures. Among the former are: compression stockings, early ambulation, intermittent pneumatic compression, antithrombotic exercises and devices, such as placing a filter in the inferior vena cava (temporary or permanent) and stenting vasculares.3 This article details the features of different pharmacological agents and covers the past, present and future of antithrombotic therapy. (For a better understanding of this paper recommends the reader review the normal coagulation system.).
Antiretroviral regimens in pregnancy and breast-feeding in Botswana; Background: The most effective highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) to prevent mother-to-child transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) in pregnancy and its efficacy during breast-feeding are unknown. Methods: We randomly assigned 560 HIV-1 - infected pregnant women (CD4+ count, ≥200 cells per cubic millimeter) to receive coformulated abacavir, zidovudine, and lamivudine (the nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitor [NRTI] group) or lopinavir - ritonavir plus zidovudine - lamivudine (the protease-inhibitor group) from 26 to 34 weeks' gestation through planned weaning by 6 months post partum. A total of 170 women with CD4+ counts of less than 200 cells per cubic millimeter received nevirapine plus zido vudine - lamivudine (the observational group). Infants received single-dose nevirapine and 4 weeks of zidovudine. Results: The rate of virologic suppression to less than 400 copies per milliliter was high and did not differ significantly among the three groups at delivery (96% in the NRTI group, 93% in the protease-inhibitor group, and 94% in the observational group) or throughout the breast-feeding period (92% in the NRTI group, 93% in the protease-inhibitor group, and 95% in the observational group). By 6 months of age, 8 of 709 live-born infants (1.1%) were infected (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.5 to 2.2): 6 were infected in utero (4 in the NRTI group, 1 in the protease-inhibitor group, and 1 in the observational group), and 2 were infected during the breast-feeding period (in the NRTI group). Treatment-limiting adverse events occurred in 2% of women in the NRTI group, 2% of women in the protease-inhibitor group, and 11% of women in the observational group. Conclusions: All regimens of HAART from pregnancy through 6 months post partum resulted in high rates of virologic suppression, with an overall rate of mother-to-child transmission of 1.1%. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00270296.) Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved.
Health screening in police custody; Background: There have been few previous studies on the health needs of police detainees. London's Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) uses health screening procedures which have not yet been evaluated. The objective of this study is to determine the extent of health problems and 'mental vulnerability' in detainees in police custody, and the efficacy of current health screening procedures. Methods: Custody records from five London Boroughs were reviewed. Prevalence data for health problems and mental vulnerability was obtained from the anonymised records of 307 detainees who were referred to the Forensic Medical Examiner (FME). Data were analysed for the identification of physical and psychiatric morbidity. Results: Injuries, epilepsy and asthma were the most common physical health problems noted. Drug and alcohol issues were also frequently encountered along with depression and self-harming behaviour and suicidal ideation. Morbidity was lower than that reported in other, interview based studies. Less than 2% of detainees were thought to require an Appropriate Adult to be present during police interview. Conclusions: A significant amount of health morbidity is present among detainees in police custody. Our findings suggest that current police screening procedures detect only a proportion of this. Further research is warranted to evaluate the effectiveness of health screening in police custody. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd and Faculty of Forensic and Legal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Diffuse dermal angiomatosis versus microvenular hemangiomas; A 45-year-old white woman presented with a 1-month history of bilateral, inferior breast ulcerations and tenderness with a medical history that was remarkable for multiple cardiovascular accidents and subacute bacterial endocarditis resulting in deep venous thromboses, pulmonary embolism, stroke, left hemiparesis, and dysarthria. After these events, the patient was started on warfarin; however, no known etiology for her apparent hypercoaguable state was identified. The inferior aspect of bilateral pendulous breasts revealed superficial skin ulcerations and violaceous plaques with a reticulated proliferation of superficial vessels. A skin biopsy was performed. Microscopic findings were consistent with a multifocal proliferation of endothelial cells at all levels of the dermis without pleomorphism. A hypercoaguable work-up revealed laboratory findings consistent with elevated homocysteine, polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia, and a lupus anticoagulant panel with positive dilute Russell viper venom test and an elevated silica clot time ratio. Protein C and protein S levels were decreased, likely secondary to concomitant warfarin therapy. Given her clinical, laboratory, and histopathology findings, a diagnosis of diffuse dermal angiomatosis was made. Diffuse dermal angiomatosis (DDA) is a rare skin disease involving dermal angiogenesis in response to tissue hypoxia, and is considered to be a variant of reactive angioendotheliomatosis. Since it was first reported, there have been 13 cases of DDA in the English literature. Lesions of DDA usually occur on the extremities and trunk, but five cases have had breast involvement. DDA is typically found in adults with atherosclerosis, peripheral vascular disease, and other systemic illnesses such as chronic renal disease, insulindependent diabetes mellitus, and the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome. Histopathologically, DDA is characterized by proliferation of endothelial cells throughout the dermis, without evidence of pleomorphism, and it can be difficult to differentiate from microvenular hemangioma without a clinical history. However, MVH tend to occur in otherwise healthy young adults, with pregnancy, and in patient with POEMS (polyneuropathy, organomegaly, endocrinopathy, monoclonal gammopathy, and skin changes) syndrome. When analyzed together, the patient's medical history, distribution of skin lesions, laboratory abnormalities, and histopathologic findings point to a diagnosis of DDA. Given the association of DDA with an underlying hypercoagulable disorder, its prompt and accurate recognition with institution of appropriate therapy may prevent future thromboembolic events. In order to accurately differentiate DDA from MVH, it is essential to interpret histopathologic findings in the context of the patient's medical history and physical examination findings.
Acquired thrombotic risk factors in the critical care setting; Acquired thrombotic risk factors include a variety of noninherited clinical conditions that can predispose an individual to an increased risk for venous thromboembolism. For patients in a critical care setting, certain acquired risk factors represent chronic conditions that the patients may have had before the current acute illness (e.g., malignancy, various cardiovascular risk factors, certain medications), whereas others may be directly related to the reason the patient is in an intensive care unit or the patient's management there (e.g., postoperative state, trauma, indwelling vascular access, certain medications). Optimal thromboprophylactic strategies depend on individual patient risk profiles including an assessment of the specific clinical setting. Treatment for patients with acquired thrombotic risk factors includes anticoagulant therapy and, if possible, resolution of the acquired risk factor(s). Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia represents a unique clinical situation in which all sources of heparin must be discontinued and the patient started on an alternative anticoagulant (e.g., a direct thrombin inhibitor) in the acute setting. The duration of anticoagulant therapy would vary depending on the specific clinical setting. Copyright © 2010 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
In vitro optical coherence tomography of human fetal membranes; Background: Prior studies on the structure of human fetal membranes have been done in vitro and involved light or electron microscopy with fixation, dehydration, and staining. Recently Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT), an optical imaging technique, has provided high resolution cross-sectional images of living biological tissues, with a penetration of 2-3 mm. We evaluated the use of this technique to examine fetal membranes from elective term cesarean deliveries. Design: Ten women undergoing elective term cesarean delivery were consented for participation in this IRB-approved study. Immediately after delivery samples of fetal membranes were collected from subjects with uncomplicated pregnancies. For each set of fetal membranes 6 samples were collected: 2 along the surgical site of membrane rupture, one halfway between the rupture site and the placental edge (mid-zone), one from the thickened membrane next to the placental edge (peri-placental zone), one along the axis between the peri-placental zone and the mid zone, and one along the axis between the mid zone and the rupture site. All women underwent a low transverse incision in the uterine membranes. After collection the samples were stretched across customized disks, rinsed in chilled sterile normal saline, and immediately brought to the OCT laboratory for analysis using a bench top spectral domain OCT (SD-OCT) system. Following OCT scan, the samples were put in formalin for histological study. The OCT and histological images were compared. Results: The OCT images correlated well with the histological findings. We were able to delineate at least 4 layers of the fetal membranes. Of interest, in two cases, lake-like structures were observed in OCT and verified by histology. Both patients were treated with heparin during pregnancy for history of deep venous thrombosis. These structures have been previously described by Stanek et al as microscopic chorionic pseudocysts in the fetal membranes. These authors described such cysts in 4% of all placentas and in 15% of placentas from preeclamptic and diabetic mothers at 24-42 weeks' gestation possibly representing a hypoxia-associated placental lesion. Conclusion: OCT shows promise as a new technique for real-time clinical histo-pathologic correlation. Furthermore, the technique reaffirms the existence of microscopic chorionic pseudocysts existing in the chorionic laeve of the fetal membranes.
International consensus report on the investigation and management of primary immune thrombocytopenia; Previously published guidelines for the diagnosis and management of primary immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) require updating largely due to the introduction of new classes of therapeutic agents, and a greater understanding of the disease pathophysiology. However, treatment-related decisions still remain principally dependent on clinical expertise or patient preference rather than high-quality clinical trial evidence. This consensus document aims to report on new data and provide consensus-based recommendations relating to diagnosis and treatment of ITP in adults, in children, and during pregnancy. The inclusion of summary tables within this document, supported by information tables in the online appendices, is intended to aid in clinical decision making. © 2010 by The American Society of Hematology.
Risk factors for clinical manifestations in carriers of Factor v Leiden and prothrombin gene mutations; Carriers of Factor V Leiden and prothrombin G20210A gene mutations have an increased risk of developing thromboembolic events and adverse outcomes of pregnancy. The objective of the present study was to identify risk factors which may predispose carriers of Factor V Leiden and/or prothrombin G20210A gene mutations to develop thromboembolic events and adverse outcomes of pregnancy. A retrospective case-control study of 217 carriers of Factor V Leiden and/or prothrombin G20210A gene mutations at two tertiary centers between January 2000 and December 2006. Symptomatic carriers (cases) were compared with asymptomatic carriers (controls) for the following risk factors: environmental, cardiovascular, family history of thrombosis, and presence of other thrombophilias. For female carriers, we included the use of female hormones, pregnancy, and the postpartum period. Of the 217 carriers, there were 155 (71%) cases and 62 (29%) controls. Of the 155 cases, 90 (58%) had venous thrombosis and 26 (17%) arterial thrombosis. Among the 123 symptomatic female carriers, 55 (45%) had recurrent pregnancy losses and nine (7%) other adverse outcomes of pregnancy. The postoperative state and the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies were risk factors for thromboembolic events and adverse outcomes of pregnancy in 10 (6%) and 22 (13%) cases, respectively. The presence of antiphospholipid antibodies in symptomatic carriers increased the risk of developing thromboembolic events 4.4-fold. The postoperative state and the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies were significant risk factors for thromboembolic events and adverse outcomes of pregnancy among Factor V Leiden and/or prothrombin G20210A gene mutation carriers. Testing for the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies may be warranted in Factor V Leiden and/or prothrombin G20210A gene mutation carriers who develop these adverse clinical manifestations. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Study the effect of N-Acetyl-Cysteine in the treatment of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Introduction: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women and the most common cause of anovulatory infertility, affecting 5-10% of women in reproductive ages. The effect of insulin resistance (IR) and hyperinsulinemia in pathophysiology and features of PCOS show the importance of study the efficacy of insulin-lowering drugs in these patients but treatment with insulin sensitizers in women with PCOS lead to elevation in plasma homocysteine (Hcy) levels witch have been implicated as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), deep vein thrombosis, thromboembolism, pre eclampsia and recurrent pregnancy loss. Administration of NAcetyl-Cysteine (NAC) by inhibiting increased oxidative stress, have been shown to prevent hyperglycemia-induced IR and reduce plasma Hcy levels. Ultimate goal of this survey is study the effect of NAC in treatment of women with PCOS presenting to the Infertility and Reproductive Health Research Center of Shahid Beheshti University in 1385-86. and if the effectiveness of NAC in reduction of plasma Hcy levels, improvement of peripheral insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, hormonal level and ovulation be demonstrated this study will have an important role in women's health especially in long-term because the above agents are risk factors of CVD, diabetes, hypertension, thrombosis and endometrial cancer in patients with PCOS. Materials and Methods: In a prospective double blind clinical trial study, 46 women with PCOS referring to Infertility Research Center will be divided into two groups of intervention (under treatment by 1.8 g/day NAC) and control (with placebo) after matching. Hormonal and biochemical parameters before and at the end of the treatment will be evaluated and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) will be performed. Necessary ratios and indices will be calculated. And during 6 weeks of treatment, ovulation and side effects will be assessed. Finally data will be analyzed statistically.
Pregnancy outcome of patients following deep venous thrombosis; Objective. To investigate pregnancy outcome of patients with a history of deep vein thrombosis DVT. Methods. A population-based study comparing all pregnancies of patients with and without a history of DVT was conducted. Deliveries occurred during the years 19882007 at a tertiary Medical Center. Stratified analyses were performed using multivariable logistic regression models and the Mantel-Haenszel technique. Results. During the study there were 212,086 deliveries, of which 122 0.06 occurred in patients with a history of DVT. Using a multivariate analysis, with backward elimination, the following conditions were significantly associated with DVT: advanced maternal age OR, 1.1; 95 CI, 1.021.1; p 0.004, chronic hypertension OR, 2.9; 95 CI, 1.46.0; p 0.005 and previous caesarean delivery OR, 2.8; 95 CI, 1.94.1; p < 0.001. Patients with a history of DVT were more likely to have caesarean deliveries OR, 2.6; 95 CI, 1.83.8; p < 0.001 than non-DVT patients. After controlling for possible confounders, such as maternal age, hypertensive disorders, pregestational diabetes and multiple gestations, by using another multivariate analysis with preterm delivery <37 weeks' gestation as the outcome variable, DVT was found to be an independent risk factor for preterm birth OR, 1.8; 95 CI, 1.12.9; p 0.033. This association remained significant after controlling for labor induction, using the Mantel-Haenszel technique OR, 1.8; 95 CI, 1.13.0; p 0.011. No significant differences were noted between the groups regarding perinatal outcomes such as low Apgar scores, congenital malformations or perinatal mortality. Conclusions. A history of DVT is an independent risk factor for spontaneous preterm delivery. Nevertheless, in our population it is not associated with adverse perinatal outcome. © 2009 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Insight onto the pathophysiology and clinical complications of thalassemia intermedia; Our understanding of the molecular and pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the disease process in patients with thalassemia intermedia (TI) has substantially increased over the past decade. TI encompasses a wide clinical spectrum of beta-thalassemia phenotypes. Some TI patients are asymptomatic until adult life, whereas others are symptomatic from as young as 2 years. A number of clinical complications commonly associated with TI are rarely seen in thalassemia major, including extramedullary hematopoiesis, leg ulcers, gallstones, thrombosis, and pulmonary hypertension. There are a number of options currently available for managing patients with TI, including transfusion therapy, iron chelation therapy, modulation of fetal hemoglobin production, and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. However, at present, there are no clear guidelines for an orchestrated optimal treatment plan. © 2009 Informa UK, Ltd.
Management of obesity in pregnancy; Maternal pregravid obesity is associated with adverse outcomes in pregnancy. There are many complications by maternal obesity during pregnancy, such as spontaneous abortion, congenital malformations, gestational hypertention, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal macrosomia, and so on. Also, at parturition, the prevalence of cesarean section and associated complications such as deep vein thrombosis, wound disruption, and infection increase. Furthermore, offspring of obese women increases the risk of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. To improve short- and long-term adverse outcome associated with obese pregnant women, we need to encourage obese women to lose body weight before pregnancy. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Complications of assisted reproductive technique among 1400 intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection cycles at Azhart unit; Objective: Although assisted reproductive technology (ART) is effective for management of infertility and is widely practiced in many countries in the world, little number of studies published about complications of ART. The study was conducted to estimate the prevalence of complications among 1400 intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) cycles at Azhart unit. Design: Retrospective study. Material and Methods: This is a retrospective study which includes infertile patients who underwent 1400 ICSI cycles, at Azhart unit, international Islamic center for population studies and research (IICPSR), Al - Azhar university, Egypt. From March 2004 to September 2007. The data were collected by, review follow up sheet and telephone contact. Result: Complications of the procedure developed in 100 cases (7.14%) ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) 28 cases (2%), vaginal bleeding 65 cases (4.64%), allergic reaction 3 cases (0.21%), pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) 2 cases (0.14%), deep venous thrombosis (DVT) 1 case (0.07%), maternal mortality 1 case (0.07). Pregnancy complications among 210 pregnancies achieved by ICSI, were abortion 59 cases (28.95%), ectopic pregnancy 2 cases (0.95%), multiple pregnancy 47 cases (22.38%), preterm labour 29 cases (13.80%), intrauterine fetal death 3 cases (1.42%), antepartum haemorrhage 5 cases (2.38%), diabetes mellitus 3 cases (1.42%), pregnancy induced hypertension 9 cases (4.28%), premature rupture of membranes 4 cases (1.90%), oligohydraminos 1 case (0.47%) and congenital fetal maleformation 4 cases (1.90%). Pregnancy rate/embryo transfer was 22.87%. Conclusion: At every stage of the procedure there is potential for complication, some of which may be life threatening. When this line of treatment is offered, the indications should be definitive. Counseling of the patients, choice of protocol, monitoring of the patient should be done carefully and must be precious at every step in ART to minimize complications.
Superficial thrombophlebitis - which cases are more risky?; Aim: To compare the characteristics of the patients (pts) with isolated superficial thrombophlebitis (ST) versus (vs.) pts with ST complicated by deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and/or pulmonary embolism (PE). Methods: 68 pts (59.1 ± 14.4 years, 75% women) with ST were examined. We performed compression ultrasound and thrombophilia workup. We compared the differences between the groups using T-test and Fisher's exact test. Results: The characteristics of the whole group: Body mass index 30.6 ± 7.4, Diabetes mellitus 11.8% pts, Hypertension 55.9%, Hyperlipidaemia 57.4%, Smokers 14.7%, ST on varicose veins 94.1%, Positive family history of ST 27.9%; that of DVT/PE 27.9%, Positive personal history of ST 55.9%; that of DVT/PE 23.1%, Provoked event 35.3% (injury, inflammation, immobilization, hormones, stripping, sclerotherapy, pregnancy, long travel, cancer), Laterality of ST 48.5% right; 47.1% left leg; 4.4% bilateral. Location 22.1% proximal; 39.2% distal; 39.7% both Thrombophilia: factor V Leiden (FVL) 26.5%; mutation in prothrombin gene G20210A 2.9%; protein C deficiency 1.5%; protein S deficiency 1.5%; antiphospholipid syndrome 1.5%; high factor VIII (> 230%) 26.5.%, hyperhomocysteinaemia (> 15 μmol/L) 29.4%. The significant differences between pts with isolated ST (n = 39) vs. ST complicated by DVT/PE (n = 29): male sex (12.8% vs. 41.4%, P = 0.016). FVL (15.4% vs. 41.4%, P = 0.025), unprovoked events (76.9% vs. 48.3%, P = 0.021). In all the other factors, there were no significant differences. Conclusion: Of 68 pts with ST, 29 had concomitant DVT/PE. In this subgroup, there were significantly more men, higher prevalence of FVL and less unprovoked events. Male sex and FVL may be risk factors for the extension of ST to deep vein system.
The safety of metoclopramide use in the first trimester of pregnancy; BACKGROUND: In various countries, metoclopramide is the antiemetic drug of choice in pregnant women, but insufficient information exists regarding its safety in pregnancy. METHODS: We investigated the safety of metoclopramide use during the first trimester of pregnancy by linking a computerized database of medications dispensed between January 1, 1998, and March 31, 2007, to all women registered in the Clalit Health Services, southern district of Israel, with computerized databases containing maternal and infant hospital records from the district hospital during the same period. We assessed associations between the use of metoclopramide in pregnancy and adverse outcomes for the fetus, adjusting for parity, maternal age, ethnic group, presence or absence of maternal diabetes, smoking status, and presence or absence of peripartum fever. RESULTS: There were 113,612 singleton births during the study period. A total of 81,703 of the infants (71.9%) were born to women registered in Clalit Health Services; 3458 of them (4.2%) were exposed to metoclopramide during the first trimester of pregnancy. Exposure to metoclopramide, as compared with no exposure to the drug, was not associated with significantly increased risks of major congenital malformations (5.3% and 4.9%, respectively; odds ratio, 1.04; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.89 to 1.21), low birth weight (8.5% and 8.3%; odds ratio, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.89 to 1.14), preterm delivery (6.3% and 5.9%; odds ratio, 1.15; 95% CI, 0.99 to 1.34), or perinatal death (1.5% and 2.2%; odds ratio, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.55 to 1.38). The results were materially unchanged when therapeutic abortions of exposed and unexposed fetuses were included in the analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort of infants, exposure to metoclopramide in the first trimester was not associated with significantly increased risks of any of several adverse outcomes. These findings provide reassurance regarding the safety of metoclopramide for the fetus when the drug is given to women to relieve nausea and vomiting during pregnancy. Copyright © 2009 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Analysis of the professional adverse events denonced by the doctors of A.O.G.O.I; We have used the denunciations of the adverse events that had been collected according to the program of the "AOGOI Legal Shield", for a total n. 417, of which n. 290 relating to the activities performed in obstetrics and n. 119 in gynaecology. The most frequent adverse events in obstetrics were: fetal death (n. 96 cases), injuries to the fetus or infant (n. 71 cases) and the unseen fetal malformations (n. 42 case). The death of a pregnant woman occurred in 25 cases. In gynaecology n. 116 claims were reported. N. 56 patients complained for an anatomical injury, n. 8 for a fistula and n. 6 patients had to undergo to a non-scheduled hysterectomy. The death of the patient occurred in n. 13 cases. The highest number of surgical complications (n. 20) occurred after an endoscopic intervention. In n. 9 cases there was a pregnancy after tubal sterilization. In n. 9 cases we noticed the presence of retained instrument inside the surgical site. Through the analysis of the claims we can detect the presence of errors in the techniques, behaviours and structures. Taking into account all this, we can identify the most suitable measures to make it more difficult the repetition of the error. © Copyright 2009, CIC Edizioni Internazionali.
Obesity and pregnancy: An obstetrician's view; Obesity is a fast growing epidemic worldwide, especially among young women with childbearing potential. Obesity during pregnancy not only increases risks for deep vein thrombosis, hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus but also significantly increases risks to the mother and the baby. The risk of late foetal death in obese nulliparous women is many times higher than in normal weight women, possibly secondary to placental dysfunction. This review offers a synopsis of the consequences of obesity in pregnancy. © 2009 SAGE Publications Los Angeles, London, New Delhi and Singapore.
Hypertension in women; Hypertension is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease and stroke and contributes significantly to cardiovascular and renal morbidity and mortality in women. The effect of menopause on blood pressure (BP) is controversial, in large part because determining the role of sex hormones (or their withdrawal) on BP is complex and confounded by other effects. Studies evaluating the effects of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) on BP have reported inconsistent findings due to differences in studied patient populations, methods of measuring BP, and hormone preparations and routes of administration. Combined oral contraceptives (COCs) induce small increases in BP in the entire population of users, but a small percentage of COC users experience the onset of frank hypertension, which usually resolves with withdrawal of the COC. Major outcome trials of antihypertensive treatment have generally shown comparable benefit in both women and men. However, additional analyses and other trials have demonstrated gender differences in both benefit and adverse effects of treatment.
Family history of myocardial infarction is an independent risk factor for venous thromboembolism: The Tromsø study; Background: Recent studies indicate that arterial cardiovascular diseases and venous thromboembolism (VTE) share common risk factors. A family history of myocardial infarction (MI) is a strong and independent risk factor for future MI. Objectives: The purpose of the present study was to determine the impact of cardiovascular risk factors, including family history of MI, on the incidence of VTE in a prospective, population-based study. Patients and methods: Traditional cardiovascular risk factors and family history of MI were registered in 21330 subjects, aged 25-96 years, enrolled in the Tromsø study in 1994-95. First-lifetime VTE events during follow-up were registered up to 1 September 2007. Results: There were 327 VTE events (1.40 per 1000 person-years), 138 (42%) unprovoked, during a mean of 10.9 years of follow-up. In age- and gender-adjusted analysis, age [hazard ratio (HR) per decade, 1.97; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.82-2.12], gender (men vs. women; HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.01-1.55), body mass index (BMI; HR per 3 kg m-2, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.13-1.31), and family history of MI (HR, 1.31; 95% CI, 1.04-1.65) were significantly associated with VTE. Family history of MI remained a significant risk factor for total VTE (HR, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.01-1.60) and unprovoked VTE (HR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.03-2.07) in multivariable analysis. Blood pressure, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, and smoking were not independently associated with total VTE. Conclusions: Family history of MI is a risk factor for both MI and VTE, and provides further evidence of a link between venous and arterial thrombosis. © 2008 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.
Diagnosis and Management of Neonatal Alloimmune Thrombocytopenia; Neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (NAT) is a life-threatening bleeding disorder caused by maternal platelet antibodies produced in response to fetal platelet antigens inherited from the father. Antiplatelet antibodies cross the placenta and cause destruction of fetal platelets, leading to severe thrombocytopenia, and potentially bleeding, including fatal intracerebral hemorrhage. Incompatibilities between maternal and fetal platelets for the human platelet antigen 1a (previously called PLA1) account for most of the patients with NAT, but other antigens are commonly implicated. Diagnostic testing for NAT involves genotyping of maternal, paternal, and sometimes fetal DNA; platelet antigen phenotyping; and maternal platelet antibody investigations using specialized platelet glycoprotein specific assays. The management of women and infants at risk for NAT remains largely empiric; and mounting evidence points to prohibitive risks of invasive procedures such as fetal blood sampling and intrauterine platelet transfusions, except in rare circumstances. Improvements in our understanding of the pathophysiology of NAT, and of clinical and laboratory predictors of severity, may help develop better treatments and improve our ability to identify mothers at risk. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
What contraception for adolescent girls in 2008?; The two main objectives of adolescence contraception are the eviction of involuntary pregnancies and the prevention of sexually transmitted infections. In France, in spite of our rich contraceptive arsenal and a widely spread information, the rate of voluntary termination of pregnancies keeps growing among the teenagers population. Probably because the gap between theoretical effectiveness and practice of contraception is particularly wide among the young people. Every contraceptive means can be used by teenagers, the best option seems to be the "double DUTCH" which consists of concomitant use of condoms and hormonal contraception. Most often, the consultation for contraception is the first gynaecological consultation. That's the reason why it's usually stressful for teenagers who dread undergoing a gynaecological examination. If this examination is not necessary for most of young patients, it is essential to create a climate of confidence and to make explicit the several contraceptive terms. During this consultation it's interesting to look for common teenage troubles like addiction to smoking and eating disorders. For any prescription of hormonal contraception, it is important to explain the benefits and the possible side effects, to stress the observance and to tell the teenager about the recommendations in case of oversight. With regard to condom, the only efficient way of preventing sexually transmitted infections, it is useful to talk about it in concrete terms, to show its handling and to inform about risks of tearing. With this mind, an emergency contraception can be prescribed straightaway in order to make its use easier. Without moralizing speech, emphasize maturity, taking care of one's own body with the aim of avoiding a premature pregnancy or any sexually transmitted infection. This consultation must be coupled with a close follow-up, availability and share confidence which are the main elements vouching for a good observance and consequently an effectiveness contraception. © Editions ESKA, 2008.
Anemic syndrome frequency in complicated obstetrical patients; Background: The prevalence of anemia varies from country to country and there is not a trustworthy record. Objective: To determine the frequency of anemia in obstetric patients and the association among healthy pregnancy and aggregate complications. Patients and method: Was carried out as transversal, observational and comparative study. Obstetrical patients entered and responded in the period of a year, were formed a group with normal pregnancy and another with complicated pregnancy, with a total sample of 194 patients. In the statistical analysis was employed Student t test for independent groups, with value if p < 0.05. Results: When was included all patients from both groups of study a general frequency of anemia was found in 22.4%. Hematological stage from group with normal pregnancy was mild anemia in 16.9% and anemia moderated in 4.1% of the cases. The anemia degrees in the group with associated illness and pregnancy were mild anemia in 19.2% and moderated anemia in 4.2%. Not any case was found with severe anemia. The statistical analysis showed difference significant among both groups p < 0.05. The most frequently causes of the obstetrical morbidity were preeclampsia severe (22.6%), type 2 diabetes (13.9%), gestational diabetes (12.2%) and the remainder with other complications that include to the hypertiroidism, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, asthma and vein deep thrombosis. Conclusions: Frequency of anemia in this study was greater upon informing in the international literature. The obstetrical complication more frequently relates to diverse anemia degrees were the hypertensive stage during pregnancy. The anemia is presented with greater frequency in pregnancy patients with others associated illness.
Accuracy of self-screening for contraindications to combined oral contraceptive use; OBJECTIVE: To estimate how well a convenience sample of women from the general population could self-screen for contraindications to combined oral contraceptives using a medical checklist. METHODS: Women 18-49 years old (N=1,271) were recruited at two shopping malls and a flea market in El Paso, Texas, and asked first whether they thought birth control pills were medically safe for them. They then used a checklist to determine the presence of level 3 or 4 contraindications to combined oral contraceptives according to the World Health Organization Medical Eligibility Criteria. The women then were interviewed by a blinded nurse practitioner, who also measured blood pressure. RESULTS: The sensitivity of the unaided self-screen to detect true contraindications was 56.2% (95% confidence interval [CI] 51.7-60.6%), and specificity was 57.6% (95% CI 54.0-61.1%). The sensitivity of the checklist to detect true contraindications was 83.2% (95% CI 79.5-86.3%), and specificity was 88.8% (95% CI 86.3-90.9%). Using the checklist, 6.6% (95% CI 5.2-8.0%) of women incorrectly thought they were eligible for use when, in fact, they were contraindicated, largely because of unrecognized hypertension. Seven percent (95% CI 5.4-8.2%) of women incorrectly thought they were contraindicated when they truly were not, primarily because of misclassification of migraine headaches. In regression analysis, younger women, more educated women, and Spanish speakers were significantly more likely to correctly self-screen (P<.05). CONCLUSION: Self-screening for contraindications to oral contraceptives using a medical checklist is relatively accurate. Unaided screening is inaccurate and reflects common misperceptions about the safety of oral contraceptives. Over-the-counter provision of this method likely would be safe, especially for younger women and if independent blood pressure screening were encouraged. © 2008 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy; Obesity is a global health problem that is increasing in prevalence. The World Health Organization characterizes obesity as a pandemic issue, with a higher prevalence in females than males. Thus, many pregnant patients are seen with high body mass index (BMI). Obesity during pregnancy is considered a high-risk state because it is associated with many complications. Compared with normal-weight patients, obese patients have a higher prevalence of infertility. Once they conceive, they have higher rate of early miscarriage and congenital anomalies, including neural tube defects. Besides the coexistence of preexisting diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension, obese women are more likely to have pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, thromboembolism, macrosomia, and spontaneous intrauterine demises in the latter half of pregnancy. Obese women also require instrument or Cesarean section delivery more often than average-weight women. Following Cesarean section delivery, obese women have a higher incidence of wound infection and disruption. Irrespective of the delivery mode, children born to obese mothers have a higher incidence of macrosomia and associated shoulder dystocia, which can be highly unpredictable. In addition to being large at birth, children born to obese mothers are also more susceptible to obesity in adolescence and adulthood. Prevention is the best way to prevent this problem. As pregnancy is the worst time to lose weight, women with a high BMI should be encouraged to lose weight prior to conceiving. During preconception counseling, they should be educated about the complications associated with high a BMI. Obese women should also be screened for hypertension and diabetes mellitus. In early pregnancy, besides being watchful about the higher association of miscarriage, obese women should be screened with ultrasound for congenital anomalies around 18 to 22 weeks. The ultrasound should be repeated close to term to check on the estimated fetal weight to rule out macrosomia. Obese pregnant women are screened for gestational diabetes around 24 to 28 weeks. During the second half of pregnancy, one needs to closely watch for signs and symptoms of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Once in labor, an early anesthesia consultation is highly recommended irrespective of delivery mode. When Cesarean section is performed, many obstetricians prefer an incision above the pannus to avoid skin infection. However, the incision should be decided upon the discretion of the surgeon. Peripartum, special attention is given to avoid thromboembolism byusing compression stockings and early ambulation. © Postgraduate Medicine.
A national study of the complications of lupus in pregnancy; Objective: This study was undertaken to determine the risk of rare complications during pregnancy for women with systemic lupus erythematosus. Study Design: By using the Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2000-2003, we compared maternal and pregnancy complications for all pregnancy-related admissions for women with and without systemic lupus erythematosus. Results: Of more than 16.7 million admissions for childbirth over the 4 years, 13,555 were to women with systemic lupus erythematosus. Maternal mortality was 20-fold higher among women with systemic lupus erythematosus. The risks for thrombosis, infection, thrombocytopenia, and transfusion were each 3- to 7-fold higher for women with systemic lupus erythematosus. Lupus patients also had a higher risk for cesarean sections (odds ratio: 1.7), preterm labor (odds ratio: 2.4), and preeclampsia (odds ratio: 3.0) than other women. Women with systemic lupus erythematosus were more likely to have other medical conditions, including diabetes, hypertension, and thrombophilia, that are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusion: Women with systemic lupus erythematosus are at increased risk for serious medical and pregnancy complications during pregnancy. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy and contraceptive issues in renal transplant recipients.; Fertility is improved within months and conception is achieved within one to six years after kidney transplantation. Pregnancy is safe and has little effect on long-term graft survival, but has increased maternal and fetal risks. Pregnancy is contraindicated in the first two years post-kidney transplantation due to increased risk of acute rejections and higher doses of immunosuppressive drugs. Poor renal function, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus and hypertension are other contraindications. Family planning and counseling, and consideration of a suitable contraceptive method are essential before transplantation. Tubal ligation and vasectomy are permanent contraceptives with the least failure results. Combined pills are highly effective and are among the lowest failure rate contraceptives, but they interact with cyclosporine, and are contraindicated in patients with thromboembolism and deep vein thrombosis. Progesterone-only minipill has the advantage of avoiding the risks associated with estrogen, but has a higher failure rate than the combined pills. The barrier methods (condom and diaphragm) are effective and safe contraceptives and can prevent sexually transmitted diseases, but require motivated couples. Intra uterine devices are convenient contraceptives, but have higher failure rate and are associated with increased incidence of pelvic infection. Pregnancy in renal transplant recipients should be managed by a multidisciplinary approach in a tertiary centre.
Stroke treatment: Beyond the three-hour window and in the pregnant patient; For acute stroke patients who arrive at the hospital within 3 h of symptom onset, the focus of care involves screening for eligibility to receive intravenous tissue plasminogen activator. The publication of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator (tPA, or alteplase) study in 1995 (Marler, J.R. 1995, New England Journal of Medicine 333: 1581-1587) spurred protocol changes, which continue to evolve, throughout the health care system in an effort to streamline the patient through the Emergency Medical System. The need to expedite patient evaluation involving emergency department, laboratory, radiology, and clinical neurology testing is clear and has been a focus of many stroke centers. For some patients, intravenous thrombolysis within 3 h has a dramatic effect on outcome. However, that is not the only course of action for acute stroke patients. This article will review some of the effective treatments for stroke patients beyond the first 3 h of their care. © 2008 New York Academy of Sciences.
High concentrations of soluble P-selectin are associated with risk of venous thromboembolism and the P-selectin Thr715 variant; Background: The cell adhesion molecule P-selectin has an important role in the pathophysiology of thrombosis. The effect on venous thromboembolism (VTE) of increased circulating concentrations of soluble P-selectin (sP-selectin) and their association with the P-selectin variant Thr715Pro is still uncertain. Methods: This study was a case-control study of 116 patients with confirmed recurrent VTE and at least 1 event of unprovoked deep venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and 129 age- and sex-matched healthy individuals. We measured sP-selectin by ELISA and P-selectin gene (SELP) variation by genotyping and sampled blood after a mean interval of 2.55 years after the most recent VTE event. Results: The mean (SD) sP-selectin concentration was higher in patients than in controls: 47.3 (15.0) μg/L vs 36.8 (11.0) μg/L, P <0.001. The unadjusted odds ratio (OR) for sP-selectin >55.1 μg/L, representing the 95th percentile for controls, was 8.5 (95% CI, 3.7-23.3; P <0.001) and increased after adjustment for factor V Leiden, the prothrombin G20210A variant, increased factor VIII, and hyperhomocysteinemia (OR, 10.6; 95% CI, 4.1-31.2; P <0.001). Pro715 carriers were more prevalent among controls than patients (21.7% vs 14.7%). sP-selectin concentrations were lower in this subgroup than in noncarriers: 31.3 (7.9) μg/L vs 44.1 (14.1) μg/L; P <0.001). Conclusions: Increased sP-selectin concentrations are associated with VTE and genotype status. sP-selectin concentrations are lower in individuals carrying the P-selectin Pro715 variant than in those without this variant. © 2007 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
Gateways to clinical trials; Gateways to Clinical Trials are a guide to the most recent clinical trials in current literature and congresses. The data in the following tables have been retrieved from the Clinical Trials Knowledge Area of Prous Science Integrity®, the drug discovery and development portal, http://integrity. prous.com. This issue focuses on the following selection of drugs: [111In]-DOTA-cG250, [131I]-Metuximab injection, [177Lu]-DOTA-cG250; Anatumomab mafenatox, AP-12009; BIBW-2992, Biricodar dicitrate; Cediranib, Cilengitide, Clevidipine, CNTO-528, CNTO-95, CP-870893; Disufenton sodium, DNK-333A; Ecallantide, Enzastaurin hydrochloride, Etravirine, Exatecan mesilate; Fingolimod hydrochloride; Human insulin, Hyaluronic acid; Indisulam, Inhaled insulin, Insulin glargine, Ipilimumab, Irofulven, Ispronicline, ITF-282; J591; KAI-9803; L-Arginine hydrochloride, Laropiprant, LY-518674; Matuzumab, MB-7133, Methylnaltrexone bromide, MVA-5T4; Nemifitide ditriflutate; Obatoclax mesylate, Oral insulin; P-276-00, PF-562271, Picolinic acid; Quercetin; R-109339, R-547, Rivaroxaban, Ruboxistaurin mesilate hydrate; Seliciclib; Terameprocol, Tilarginine hydrochloride, Tolvaptan, Uracil; Vincristine. © 2007 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI): A role in pre-eclampsia?; Pre-eclampsia (P-Ec) is a complex multisystem disorder of unknown aetiology reported to occur in about 6% to 8% of all pregnancies throughout the world. This disease is associated with fibrin deposition and occlusive lesions in placental vessels. Pro-thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (pro-TAFI) is a relatively recently described glycoprotein that can be converted into its active form (TAFIa) by thrombin, thrombin-thrombomodulin and plasmin. TAFIa potentially inhibits fibrinolysis by removing C-terminal lysine and arginine residues from fibrin. These residues are required for adsorption of tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) and plasminogen to fibrin. Therefore, TAFIa decreases plasmin formation and protects the fibrin clot against lysis. An increased of pro-TAFI/TAFIa levels has been reported in some clinical conditions associated with thrombotic tendency, as type II diabetes mellitus, deep vein thrombosis and symptomatic artery disease. Few studies have investigated pro-TAFI/TAFIa in normal or complicated pregnancy but contrasting results were reported. Understanding the role of pro-TAFI/TAFIa in the pathogenesis of P-Ec can hold great promise for improving P-Ec management. In this context, a large-scale study evaluating plasma TAFI antigen and activity, its synthesis and metabolism in pre-eclamptic women is required. Recently new selective TAFIa inhibitors have been developed. The design of a new therapy to treat and/or prevent P-Ec, based on successful use of TAFIa inhibitors, may have significant clinical ramifications. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The impact of obesity on obstetric outcomes; The incidence of obesity (body mass index (BMI)>30 in the first trimester) is increasing in the UK pregnant population and with it the risks such patients present in their obstetric care. Clinical assessment of fetal growth can be difficult and associated problems of increased risks of pregnancy complications are found: diabetes, hypertension, venous thromboembolism. Caesarean section rates are increased as are complications during and following operative procedures. Greater efforts need to be made to encourage weight loss to within normal BMI ranges to endeavour to reduce these risks in subsequent pregnancies in all obese pregnant women. © 2006.
Antiphospholipid antibodies and hyperhomocysteinaemia in patients with vascular occlusive disease; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy), lupus anticoagulant (LA) and anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) are independent risk factors for thrombosis. Even though risks are cumulative, the clinical impact of the association is unknown. Preliminary data suggested that HHcy might be associated with transient LA and ACA, disappearing after lowering HHcy. We prospectively evaluated the association of HHcy and LA/ACA, the effect of lowering HHcy with folic acid in LA behavior, and the correlation of the initial dRVVT with LA behavior after folic acid in 210 patients with thrombosis and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Prevalence of HHcy among patients with LA/ACA was 40%. Thirty-one patients exhibited only HHcy (15%; Group 1), 106 (50%; Group 2) had only LA/ACA, while 73 (35%; Group 3) had both. After therapy, 63% and 64% of LA/ACA remained positive in Group 3 and 2, respectively. We observed a trend towards a more positive dRVVT in persistent LA after lowering HHcy. No differences in clinical presentation or in outcomes after two years of follow-up were observed among the groups. Even though the association of HHcy and LA/ACA is common in patients with thrombosis, it might have no prognostic implications if Hcy levels are lowered. Currently, no laboratory findings correlate with LA behavior, which is independent of homocysteine levels and vitamin treatment. © 2006 Schattauer GmbH, Stuttgart.
Preconception care for diabetic women: Background, barriers, and strategies for effective implementation; Major congenital anomalies (MCAs) are defined as those which are lethal and/or which cause major handicaps and/or which require surgery. While the general population risk for having a baby with an MCA is one to three percent, that for a woman who has pregestational diabetes mellitus is three to six times as great. Fetal organogenesis takes place from the fifth to the eighth post-menstrual weeks. A body of evidence suggests that maternal hyperglycemia early in gestation is either contributory to fetal teratogenesis or is a surrogate marker for the causative agent of MCAs in infants of diabetic mothers. Given that organogenesis begins at the time of a woman's first recognition of pregnancy, and given the one or more weeks thereafter needed to establish prenatal care, it is essential that the woman who has diabetes attempt to lower her glucose concentrations and treat any intercurrent complications (e.g. hypertension, retinopathy) prior to the initiation of efforts to conceive. The elements of a preconception care program for pregestational diabetic women include health care provider education, patient recruitment and retention, education about family planning and distribution of contraception, the diagnosis and treatment of complications of diabetes, the establishment of control of maternal glucose, and the transition to intensive prenatal care. The support and encouragement of health care personnel, family, and friends is essential for patient retention and compliance with the often rigorous demands of good preconception care. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Risk of complications during pregnancy after Senning or Mustard (atrial) repair of complete transposition of the great arteries; Aims: To investigate magnitude and determinants of risks during pregnancy in women with Mustard or Senning repair for complete transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods and results: Using a nationwide registry (CONCOR), 70 women with Senning (23%) or Mustard (77%) repair for TGA were enrolled. A total of 28 patients had 69 pregnancies (two twins), including 17 spontaneous miscarriages and three elective abortions. During 39 of the 49 completed pregnancies, complications were observed. The most important cardiac complication was clinically significant arrhythmia (n=11, 22%), especially occurring in patients with a prior history of arrhythmia. Important general pregnancy complications were preeclampsia (n=5, 10.2%) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (n=4, 8.2%). Obstetric complications included premature rupture of membranes (n=7, 14.3%), premature labour (n=12, 24.4%), premature delivery (n=16, 31.4%), and thrombo-embolic complications (n=2, 4.1%). Mean (singleton) pregnancy duration was 36±5 weeks. Eleven of the 51 children (21.6%) were small for gestational age. Foetal and neonatal mortality combined was 11.8% (n=6). No recurrence of congenital heart disease in the offspring was documented. Conclusion: In this largest report on pregnancy in women with atrial-corrected TGA to date, a high incidence of obstetric complications and mortality in the offspring was observed. © The European Society of Cardiology 2005. All rights reserved.
Surgical management of obesity: A review of the evidence relating to the health benefits and risks; Obesity continues to plague our society in epidemic proportions. Surgery for morbid obesity is considered by many as the most effective therapy for this complex disorder. Today, multiple surgical procedures for the treatment of obesity are available. As with most procedures, there are benefits and risks associated with open and laparoscopic gastric bypass surgery, as well as with laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding and partial biliopancreatic bypass with a duodenal switch. The risks and complications associated with bariatric surgery may be serious and in some cases life threatening. However, surgery for obesity has shown remarkable results in helping patients to achieve significant long-term weight control. In addition, it is associated with improvement and often resolution of co-morbid conditions, including type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic hypertension, obesity hypoventilation, sleep apnea, venous stasis disease, pseudotumor cerebri, polycystic ovary syndrome, complications of pregnancy and delivery, gastroesophageal reflux disease, stress urinary incontinence, degenerative joint disease, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
The antiphospholipid syndrome; The antiphospholipid syndrome encompasses a wide spectrum of presentations cutting across all subspecialties of medicine. It is characterized by recurrent thrombotic events involving both the arterial and venous systems. Large arteries and veins as well as the microcirculation are involved. Recurrent strokes, myocardial infarction, pulmonary embolism, gangrene of the digits, etc. cause much morbidity and mortality in affected patients. It is recognized as an important cause of recurrent pregnancy loss. The risk in pregnancy extends to a propensity towards pre-eclampsia, abruptio placentae and intrauterine growth retardation. It often manifests as asymptomatic thrombocytopenia and sometimes as a life-threatening form called catastrophic anti-phospholipid syndrome. The management of thrombotic events rests on high grade anticoagulation (INR 3-4) as lower values of INR than this often fail to prevent recurrence. Aspirin is generally added in case of arterial thrombosis. A combination of heparin and aspirin at least in the first trimester and sometimes throughout pregnancy is used to prevent foetal loss.
Vascular placental pathology in high-risk groups: Definition and synopsis; The vascular placental pathology (VPP) is associated with many etiologies. Some are the consequence of a maternal genetic or acquired predisposition. Others are associated with a chronic maternal disease (hypertension, lupus, obesity, diabetes, ...). Finally, some others are associated with placental implantation leading to fetal ischemia (multiple pregnancy, chorioangioma, primiparity, feto-placental hydrops) or to environmental (altitude) or nutritional factors (famine and specific alimentary depressions). We classify these factors into three categories according to the risk level (moderate, significant and elevated). While any of these factors can increase the risk of VPP, no one is sufficiently sensitive or specific in predict inevitable onset of VPP. In most cases VPP results from a combination of two (or more) risk factors. The risk factors of VPP classified as moderate include age (≥35 years), increased blood pressure during the second trimester of pregnancy, a new paternity, dietetic factors or environmental factors, smoking and controlled diabetes (class B, C), or inactive systemic diseases. Risk is significantly elevated among obese (BMI≥25), primiparous women, women with a past familial history (first degree) of preeclampsia or eclampsia, cocaine use or association of tobacco and caffeine use, increased placental mass (associated with twin pregnancy, fetal hydrops or molar pregnancy), uncontrolled diabetes, lupus, active scleroderma. Risk is considered to be high among patients with chronic hypertension, women with a past history of preeclampsia, diabetes (class D, F, R), patients with active systemic disease or with antiphospholipid antibodies or women with lupus or renal lesions and/or proteinuria as well as chronic kidney disease resulting in proteinuria, hypertension and renal insufficiency. Finally, the risk of VPP is considered to be increased in the presence of acquired thrombophilia. It remains moderate in the presence of isolated genetic thrombophilia, except in forms presenting with multiple genetic mutations or associated with an hyperhomocysteinemia. A "high-risk group" is defined among women with past history of deep venous thromboembolic events outside pregnancy, or with a past history of placental vascular pathology (intra-uterine death, placental abruptio, severe and precocious placental, intra-uterine growth retardation, early and repetitive fetal loss) and who, in addition, present with acquired thrombophilia (antiphospholipid antibodies, thrombocytemia), unique homozygous genetic thrombophilia, amultiple genetic thrombophilia or unique heterozygous genetic thrombophilia associated with hyperhomocysteinemia. Prophylactic treatment of acquired thrombophilia and of the multiple genetic forms or associated with hypercysteinemia is a logical rationale, particularly among women with a past history of placental vascular pathology, or with a past history of venous thromboembolic events. On the contrary, prophylaxis using low-molecular-weight heparin in the event of asymptomatic genetic thrombopilic mutations and for women without a past history of deep venous thromboembolism or vascular placental pathology remains controversial.
Clozapine: A clinical review of adverse effects and management; Clozapine (Clozaril®) is a novel and unique prototype atypical, tricyclic, dibenzodiazepine-derivative, antipsychotic agent. It has been proven effective and significantly superior to placebo, as well as to conventional neuroleptics, in several placebo-controlled, double-blind studies in treatment-resistant schizophrenia. It has also been found to produce an incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) as low as that found with placebo. Approximately 30-60% of all schizophrenic patients who fail to respond to typical antipsychotics may respond to clozapine. It was the first major advance that marked a turning point in the treatment of schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders since the introduction of the typical antipsychotic agents, i.e., chlorpromazine and haloperidol in the 1950s and 1960s, respectively. After its introduction in clinical studies in the United States in the early 1970s, it was withdrawn in 1974, and was not approved for clinical use in the United States until February 1990, because of the risk of agranulocytosis. Its novel pharmacological profile, lack of propensity to cause EPS in both short- and long-term uses, lack of effects on serum prolactin, and ameliorative effects on tardive dyskinesia have resulted in the expansion of its use from refractory schizophrenia to schizoaffective disorders, affective disorders, some neurological disorders, aggression, as well as psychosis in patients with dementia and parkinsonism. This review covers the history, pharmacology, management of side effects, and fetal and neonatal effects of clozapine.
Medical advice for commercial air travelers; Family physicians are often asked to advise patients who are preparing to travel. The Air Carrier Access Act of 1986 has enabled more passengers with medical disabilities to choose air travel. All domestic U.S. airlines are required to carry basic (but often limited) medical equipment, although several physiologic stresses associated with flight may predispose travelers with underlying medical conditions to require emergency care. Recommendations for passengers with respiratory, cardiac or postsurgical conditions must be individualized and should be based on objective testing measures. Specific advice for patients with diabetes, postsurgical or otolaryngologic conditions may make air travel less hazardous for these persons. Air travel should be delayed after scuba diving to minimize the chance of developing decompression sickness. Although no quick cure for jet lag exists, several simple suggestions may make travel across time zones more comfortable.
Renal transplantation; There has been an increase in the transplantation of kidneys from living, genetically unrelated donors and from extended criteria cadaver donors. The past policies about paid renal donors are being reconsidered. Techniques have been developed to reduce morbidity for the living renal donor. The variety of immunosuppressants allows individuation of therapy. Guidelines for conception and pregnancy have been established.
Oral contraceptives and venous thromboembolism: A case-control study; To assess the influence of oral contraceptives (OC) on the risk for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in young women, a 5-year case-control study including all women 15-44 years old suffering a first deep venous thrombosis or a first pulmonary embolism from all Danish hospitals, along with 1200 control subjects during the period 1994-1995, was conducted. Of 586 patient and 1200 control subject questionnaires sent out, 523 patient (89.2%) and 1074 control (89.5%) questionnaires were returned with an agreement to participate. After exclusion of women with nonvalid diagnoses, women who were pregnant, and women with previous VTE or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), 375 patients and 1041 control subjects were available for analysis. Potential tested con founders included: body mass index, length of OC use, family history of VTE, AMI, or stroke, smoking habits, coagulopathies, diabetes, years of schooling, certainty of diagnosis, previous births, and treated hypertension during any pregnancy. A multivariate analysis was performed. Estrogen dose had no influence on the risk for VTE. The risk for VTE among current users of OC was primarily influenced by duration of use, with significantly decreasing odds ratios (OR) over time: <1 year; 5.1 (3.1-8.5); 1-5 years; 2.5 (1.6-4.1); and >5 years; 2.1 (1.5-3.1), all compared with those for nonusers of OC. This trend was still significant after adjustment for progestin types. Without adjustment for duration of use, current users of OC with second generation (levonorgestrel or norgestimate) and third generation (desogestrel or gestodene) progestins had OR of 1.8 (1.1-2.9) and 3.2 (2.3-4.4), respectively. After correction for duration of use, however, no significant differences were found between users of OC with different types of progestins. In conclusion, OC increase the risk for VTE significantly. The risk among current users of OC is primarily influenced by duration of use. No difference in risk was found according to estrogen dose, and the difference in risk between different types of progestins was not statistically significant after adjustment for duration of use.
Thromboembolic events in beta thalassemia major: An Italian multicenter study; Thromboembolic (TE) events have been frequently reported in β-thalassemic patients in association with known risk factors such as diabetes, complex cardiopulmonary abnormalities, hypothyroidism, liver function anomalies, and postsplenectomy thrombocytosis. In a recent survey involving 9 Italian thalassemic centers, we identified 32 patients with TE episodes in a total of 735 subjects, of whom 683 had thalassemia major and 52 thalassemia intermedia, corresponding to 3.95 and 9.61%, respectively. There was a great variation in localization: the main one (16/32) was CNS, with a clinical picture of headache, seizures and hemiparesis. Other localizations were the pulmonary (3 patients), mesenteric (1 patient) and portal (3 patients) sites. There were 6 cases of deep venous thrombosis (2 in the upper limbs, 4 in the lower ones). Intracardiac thrombosis was found in 2 subjects and clinical and laboratory signs of DIC were observed in 2 others during pregnancy. Since our patients with TE events present a statistically significantly higher incidence of associated dysfunction (cardiomyopathy, diabetes, liver function anomalies, hypothyroidism) than those without TE events (50 vs. 13.8%), we suggest close monitoring of those patients who are at higher risk of developing TE events because of the presence of one or more of these predisposing factors.
Thrombosis in the young: Epidemiology and risk factors. A focus on venous thrombosis; Thrombosis occurs most often as myocardial infarction, cerebral infarction or venous thromboembolism, ie, deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. The incidence of all types of thrombosis is strongly dependent on age. Among young individuals, up to age 40, venous thrombosis is the most common form of thrombosis. The risk factors for arterial and venous thrombosis differ, and among the latter disorders of hemostasis appear to be more prominent. In children venous thrombosis appears almost exclusively in association with venous catheters, with an exception of the renal vein thrombosis of the newborn, which has an unknown etiology. In young adults, the risk factors for venous thrombosis are essentially the same as in older individuals, excepting oral contraceptives, pregnancy and puerperium which are limited to young women. In young women, most venous thrombotic events can be attributed to oral contraceptives. Venous thrombosis is a multicausal disease: more than one risk factor needs to be present before thrombosis occurs. The younger an individual, the more risk factors are required to precipitate thrombosis: in children often three or four, and in young adults often two or more.
Recurrent spontaneous abortion: Evaluation and management; Recurrent, or habitual, spontaneous abortion may be related to anatomic, genetic, infectious, immunologic, endocrine, environmental or psychologic problems. A thorough evaluation of the possible etiologies may lead to an explanation, a therapy plan and a successful pregnancy. Psychosocial support is an integral part of both evaluation and treatment.
