Total number of articles searched: 347
Include criteria: [['Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus', 'Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['Development of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease'], ['No specific control group'], ['Prevalence or incidence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['Systematic review', 'Meta-analysis']]
Exclude criteria: [['Exclusion of studies on non-pregnant individuals with NAFLD'], ['Exclusion of studies that do not focus on gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['Exclusion of studies without a control group for comparison'], ['Exclusion of studies that do not report outcomes related to intergenerational NAFLD development'], ['Exclusion of non-systematic review and meta-analysis studies']]
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis; Objective: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. Results: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82–2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32–1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74–4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48–3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31–4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57–1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74–0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88–2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12–1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38–3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22–1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12–1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57–1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25–1.85). Conclusion: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.)
Metformin beyond type 2 diabetes: Emerging and potential new indications; Metformin is best known as a foundational therapy for type 2 diabetes but is also used in other contexts in clinical medicine with a number of emerging and potential indications. Many of its beneficial effects may be mediated by modest effects on weight loss and insulin sensitivity, but it has multiple other known mechanisms of action. Current clinical uses beyond type 2 diabetes include: polycystic ovarian syndrome
The relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in type 2 diabetes patients with MAFLD; Purpose: To investigate the relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 1144 T2DM patients were divided into the MAFLD and non-MAFLD groups, 460 T2DM patients with MAFLD (277 males aged ≥50 years and 183 postmenopausal females) were divided into N1 (advanced liver fibrosis excluded), N2 (indeterminate advanced liver fibrosis), and N3 (advanced liver fibrosis) groups according to the non-alcoholic fatty liver fibrosis score (NFS), the differences in bone mineral density (BMD) levels and prevalence of osteoporosis were compared. Based on the tertile levels of BMD of the lumbar spine (L), T2DM patients were divided into three groups (T1, T2, and T3), and the differences in the prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis were compared. Results: The BMD levels of the L4, and L1-4 in the MAFLD group were lower than those of the non-MAFLD groups in male and female T2DM patients.The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 in the N3 group were lower than those of the N2 and N1 groups in male and female T2DM patients with MAFLD, and the prevalence of osteoporosis in the N3 group of males was higher than that in the N1 group. The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 were negatively correlated with NFS in both males and females. The BMD levels of the total hip and L4 in males, and the BMD level of L4 in females were negatively associated with NFS. The prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis was higher in the T1 group than in the T2 and T3 groups in T2DM patients with MAFLD. Conclusion: The BMD levels in male aged ≥50 years or postmenopausal female diabetic patients with MAFLD were negatively correlated with the degree of advanced liver fibrosis, which means an increased risk of liver fibrosis with decreasing BMD.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—A birth cohort study; Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. Material and Methods: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. Results: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m2 vs 26.3 kg/m2, p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001
The interplay between birth weight and obesity in determining childhood and adolescent cardiometabolic risk; Background: Birth weight (BW) is associated with risk of cardiometabolic disease (CMD) in adulthood, which may depend on the state of obesity, in particular if developed at a young age. We hypothesised that BW and a polygenic score (PGS) for BW were associated with cardiometabolic risk and related plasma protein levels in children and adolescents. We aimed to determine the modifying effect of childhood obesity on these associations. Methods: We used data from The cross-sectional HOLBAEK Study with 4263 participants (median [IQR] age, 11.7 [9.2, 14.3] years
Developmentally programmed obesity: Is there a role for anti-inflammatory nutritional strategies?; Pregnancy represents a period of immense maternal physiological adaptation, with progressive increases in lipid storage potential and insulin resistance to support fetal/placental growth. This requires significant change in the adipose tissue. Women living with obesity/overweight are more susceptible to these changes causing complications such as gestational diabetes. This is particularly worrying as up to 60% of European women are living with overweight/obesity at the onset of pregnancy. Furthermore, less than 1% meet all nutrition guidelines. There is now evidence that these deep metabolic changes can result in a predisposition to metabolic disease in both the mother and child in later life. Health and nutrition status during this period therefore represents a window to future health. This period offers a valuable opportunity for intervention to prevent the negative consequences of poor in utero environments and increases the long-term quality of life for mother and offspring. This review will examine a range of in utero factors which determine adipose tissue development, the impact of these factors on later-life obesity and metabolic health and the therapeutic value of dietary anti-inflammatory nutritional interventions during pregnancy and early life. When it comes to early life nutrition, a ‘one size fits all’ approach is not always appropriate. Understanding the mechanisms of adipose tissue development in response to differing nutritional strategies may be important in the context of complicated or adverse in utero environments and represents a substantial step towards a more personalised nutritional approach for the prevention of obesity, metabolic syndrome and related non-communicable diseases in future generations.
Gestational and Developmental Contributors of Pediatric MASLD; Pediatric metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) is common and can be seen as early as in utero. A growing body of literature suggests that gestational and early life exposures modify the risk of MASLD development in children. These include maternal risk factors, such as poor cardiometabolic health (e.g., obesity, gestational diabetes, rapid weight gain during pregnancy, and MASLD), as well as periconceptional dietary exposures,degree ofphysical activity, intestinalmicrobiome, and smoking. Paternal factors, such as diet and obesity, also appear to play a role. Beyond gestation, early life dietary exposures, as well as the rate of infant weight gain, may further modify the risk of future MASLD development. The mechanisms linking parental health and environmental exposures to pediatric MASLD are complex and not entirely understood. In conclusion, investigating gestational and developmental contributors to MASLD is critical and may identify future interventional targets for disease prevention.
IGF-1 and IGF-2 as Molecules Linked to Causes and Consequences of Obesity from Fetal Life to Adulthood: A Systematic Review; This study examines the impact of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) on various aspects of children’s health—from the realms of growth and puberty to the nuanced characteristics of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, liver pathology, carcinogenic potential, and cardiovascular disorders. A comprehensive literature review was conducted using PubMed, with a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method employing specific keywords related to child health, obesity, and insulin-like growth factors. This study reveals associations between insulin-like growth factor 1 and birth weight, early growth, and adiposity. Moreover, insulin-like growth factors play a pivotal role in regulating bone development and height during childhood, with potential implications for puberty onset. This research uncovers insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor 2 as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic dysfunction-associated liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, and it also highlights the association between insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and cancer. Additionally, this research explores the impact of insulin-like growth factors on cardiovascular health, noting their role in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Insulin-like growth factors play vital roles in human physiology, influencing growth and development from fetal stages to adulthood. The impact of maternal obesity on children’s IGF levels is complex, influencing growth and carrying potential metabolic consequences. Imbalances in IGF levels are linked to a range of health conditions (e.g., insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes), prompting researchers to seek novel therapies and preventive strategies, offering challenges and opportunities in healthcare.
Biological activities, Molecular mechanisms, and Clinical application of Naringin in Metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome has become major health problems in recent decades, and natural compounds receive considerable attention in the management of metabolic syndrome. Among them, naringin is abundant in citrus fruits and tomatoes. Many studies have investigated the therapeutic effects of naringin in metabolic syndrome. This review discusses in vitro and in vivo studies on naringin and implications for clinical trials on metabolic syndrome such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, dyslipidemia, and hypertension over the past decades, overviews the molecular mechanisms by which naringin targets metabolic syndrome, and analyzes possible correlations between the different mechanisms. This review provides a theoretical basis for the further application of naringin in the treatment of metabolic syndrome.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study; Background & Aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. Methods: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. Results: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45–1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81–2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65–2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). Conclusions: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. Impact and implications: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications.
EXIST: EXamining rIsk of excesS adiposiTy—Machine learning to predict obesity-related complications; Background: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of multiple conditions, ranging from heart disease to cancer. However, there are few predictive models for these outcomes that have been developed specifically for people with overweight/obesity. Objective: To develop predictive models for obesity-related complications in patients with overweight and obesity. Methods: Electronic health record data of adults with body mass index 25–80 kg/m2 treated in primary care practices between 2000 and 2019 were utilized to develop and evaluate predictive models for nine long-term clinical outcomes using a) Lasso-Cox models and b) a machine-learning method random survival forests (RSF). Models were trained on a training dataset and evaluated on a test dataset over 100 replicates. Parsimonious models of <10 variables were also developed using Lasso-Cox. Results: Over a median follow-up of 5.6 years, study outcome incidence in the cohort of 433,272 patients ranged from 1.8% for knee replacement to 11.7% for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Harrell C-index averaged over replicates ranged from 0.702 for liver outcomes to 0.896 for death for RSF, and from 0.694 for liver outcomes to 0.891 for death for Lasso-Cox. The Harrell C-index for parsimonious models ranged from 0.675 for liver outcomes to 0.850 for knee replacement. Conclusions: Predictive modeling can identify patients at high risk of obesity-related complications. Interpretable Cox models achieve results close to those of machine learning methods and could be helpful for population health management and clinical treatment decisions.
N1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice; N1-methylnicotinamide (MNAM), a product of methylation of nicotinamide through nicotinamide N-methyltransferase, displays antidiabetic effects in male rodents. This study aimed to evaluate the ameliorative potential of MNAM on glucose metabolism in a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) model. C57BL/6N mice were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks before pregnancy and throughout gestation to establish the GDM model. Pregnant mice were treated with 0.3% or 1% MNAM during gestation. MNAM supplementation in CHOW diet and HFD both impaired glucose tolerance at gestational day 14.5 without changes in insulin tolerance. However, MNAM supplementation reduced hepatic lipid accumulation as well as mass and inflammation in visceral adipose tissue. MNAM treatment decreased GLUT4 mRNA and protein expression in skeletal muscle, where NAD+ salvage synthesis and antioxidant defenses were dampened. The NAD+/sirtuin system was enhanced in liver, which subsequently boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis. GLUT1 protein was diminished in placenta by MNAM. In addition, weight of placenta, fetus weight, and litter size were not affected by MNAM treatment. The decreased GLUT4 in skeletal muscle, boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis and dampened GLUT1 in placenta jointly contribute to the impairment of glucose tolerance tests by MNAM. Our data provide evidence for the careful usage of MNAM in treatment of GDM.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM.
Advances in Mass Spectrometry-Based Blood Metabolomics Profiling for Non-Cancer Diseases: A Comprehensive Review; Blood metabolomics profiling using mass spectrometry has emerged as a powerful approach for investigating non-cancer diseases and understanding their underlying metabolic alterations. Blood, as a readily accessible physiological fluid, contains a diverse repertoire of metabolites derived from various physiological systems. Mass spectrometry offers a universal and precise analytical platform for the comprehensive analysis of blood metabolites, encompassing proteins, lipids, peptides, glycans, and immunoglobulins. In this comprehensive review, we present an overview of the research landscape in mass spectrometry-based blood metabolomics profiling. While the field of metabolomics research is primarily focused on cancer, this review specifically highlights studies related to non-cancer diseases, aiming to bring attention to valuable research that often remains overshadowed. Employing natural language processing methods, we processed 507 articles to provide insights into the application of metabolomic studies for specific diseases and physiological systems. The review encompasses a wide range of non-cancer diseases, with emphasis on cardiovascular disease, reproductive disease, diabetes, inflammation, and immunodeficiency states. By analyzing blood samples, researchers gain valuable insights into the metabolic perturbations associated with these diseases, potentially leading to the identification of novel biomarkers and the development of personalized therapeutic approaches. Furthermore, we provide a comprehensive overview of various mass spectrometry approaches utilized in blood metabolomics research, including GC-MS, LC-MS, and others discussing their advantages and limitations. To enhance the scope, we propose including recent review articles supporting the applicability of GC×GC-MS for metabolomics-based studies. This addition will contribute to a more exhaustive understanding of the available analytical techniques. The Integration of mass spectrometry-based blood profiling into clinical practice holds promise for improving disease diagnosis, treatment monitoring, and patient outcomes. By unraveling the complex metabolic alterations associated with non-cancer diseases, researchers and healthcare professionals can pave the way for precision medicine and personalized therapeutic interventions. Continuous advancements in mass spectrometry technology and data analysis methods will further enhance the potential of blood metabolomics profiling in non-cancer diseases, facilitating its translation from the laboratory to routine clinical application.
Interleukin-38 and Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance, i.e., decreased biological response to insulin, is a risk factor for many diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, some forms of cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. One of its main causes is chronic low-grade inflammation, mediated by the proinflammatory pathways, such as the c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) pathway and the nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) pathway. Interleukin (IL)-38 (IL-38) is a newly discovered cytokine that belongs to the IL-1 family. There are three hypothetical pathways through which IL-38 may bind to the specific receptors and inhibit their proinflammatory activity. Those pathways are associated with IL-36 receptor (IL-36R), IL-1 receptor accessory protein-like 1 (IL1RAPL1) and IL-1 receptor 1 (IL1R1). There are studies linking IL-38 to improve insulin sensitivity through the difference in serum IL-38 in patients with insulin resistance or the correlation of IL-38 concentrations with insulin resistance indexes. However, many questions still remain regarding the biological activity of IL-38 itself and its role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. The goal of this study is to showcase IL-38, its biological activity, hypothesized signaling pathways, connection with insulin resistance and future perspectives of research on IL-38. We present that IL-38 associated signaling can be a potential target for the treatment of insulin resistance and associated diseases.
Early-life exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus predisposes offspring to pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the prevailing chronic liver disease in the pediatric population due to the global obesity pandemic. Evidence shows that prenatal and postnatal exposure to maternal abnormalities leads to a higher risk of pediatric NAFLD through persistent alterations in developmental programming. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a hyperglycemic syndrome which has become the most prevalent complication in pregnant women. An increasing number of both epidemiologic investigations and animal model studies have validated adverse and long-term outcomes in offspring following GDM exposure in utero. Similarly, GDM is considered a crucial risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. This review aimed to summarize currently published studies concerning the inductive roles of GDM in offspring NAFLD development during childhood and adolescence. Dysregulations in hepatic lipid metabolism and gut microbiota in offspring, as well as dysfunctions in the placenta are potential factors in the pathogenesis of GDM-associated pediatric NAFLD. In addition, potentially effective interventions for GDM-associated offspring NAFLD are also discussed in this review. However, most of these therapeutic approaches still require further clinical research for validation.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses; Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68
Relationship between gut microbiota and the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of gestational diabetes mellitus characterized by insulin resistance and abnormal function of pancreatic beta cells. In recent years, genomic association studies have revealed risk and susceptibility genes associated with genetic susceptibility to GDM. However, genetic predisposition cannot explain the rising global incidence of GDM, which may be related to the increased influence of environmental factors, especially the gut microbiome. Studies have shown that gut microbiota is closely related to the occurrence and development of GDM. This paper reviews the relationship between gut microbiota and the pathological mechanism of GDM, in order to better understand the role of gut microbiota in GDM, and to provide a theoretical basis for clinical application of gut microbiota in the treatment of related diseases. Methods: The current research results on the interaction between GDM and gut microbiota were collected and analyzed through literature review. Keywords such as "GDM", "gut microbiota" and "insulin resistance" were used for literature search, and the methodology, findings and potential impact on the pathophysiology of GDM were systematically evaluated. Results: It was found that the composition and diversity of gut microbiota were significantly associated with the occurrence and development of GDM. Specifically, the abundance of certain gut bacteria is associated with an increased risk of GDM, while other changes in the microbiome may be associated with improved insulin sensitivity. In addition, alterations in the gut microbiota may affect blood glucose control through a variety of mechanisms, including the production of short-chain fatty acids, activation of inflammatory pathways, and metabolism of the B vitamin group. Discussion: The results of this paper highlight the importance of gut microbiota in the pathogenesis of GDM. The regulation of the gut microbiota may provide new directions for the treatment of GDM, including improving insulin sensitivity and blood sugar control through the use of probiotics and prebiotics. However, more research is needed to confirm the generality and exact mechanisms of these findings and to explore potential clinical applications of the gut microbiota in the management of gestational diabetes. In addition, future studies should consider the interaction between environmental and genetic factors and how together they affect the risk of GDM.
Bone mass, microarchitecture and turnover among young Indian women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Purpose: To evaluate comprehensive bone health among young Indian women, including bone mass, microarchitecture, and turnover, in relation to their non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) status. Methods: This cross-sectional study (May 2018–November 2019) recruited women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and normoglycemia in their index pregnancy, who were at least 6 months postpartum. All participants underwent abdominal ultrasonography for determination of NAFLD status (grades 2 and 3: severe NAFLD) and transient elastography (FibroScan) for hepatic fibrosis (LSM >6 kPa). Bone mass was assessed by DXA, bone microarchitecture with trabecular bone score {TBS} (low TBS ≤ 1.310) and bone turnover with markers of bone formation (osteocalcin and P1NP), and resorption (CTX). Results: Bone mineral density (BMD) at femoral neck (p = 0.026) and total hip (p = 0.007) was significantly higher among women with NAFLD (n = 170) compared to those without (n = 124). There was no significant difference in bone turnover markers between the two groups. The presence of NAFLD [adjusted OR: 1.82 (1.07, 3.11)] was associated with low TBS, with a greater strength of association among women with severe NAFLD [adjusted OR: 2.97 (1.12, 7.88)]. However, these associations were attenuated and no longer significant after additionally adjusting for BMI. Women with NAFLD and hepatic fibrosis manifested significantly higher BMD at lumbar spine, femoral neck, and total hip (p < 0.001 for all) and significantly lower bone turnover markers (osteocalcin, p = 0.009 and CTX, p = 0.029), however, the association with low TBS was not observed. Conclusion: Among young Indian women, NAFLD is associated with increased bone mass and impaired bone microarchitecture, and hepatic fibrosis with increased bone mass and reduced bone turnover.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review; Background: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. Aim: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Methods: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. Results: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. Conclusion: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications: new challenges and clinical perspectives; The term metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), with a global prevalence estimated at 38.77%, has gradually replaced the traditional concept of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Compared to the general population, the incidence of MAFLD is notably higher among pregnant women, posing potential risks to both maternal and neonatal health. This review summarizes the latest research on MAFLD, focusing on its association with pregnancy complications. Additionally, it provides a comparative analysis with previous studies on NAFLD, presenting a comprehensive perspective for clinical management. Findings suggest that pregnant women with MAFLD face a higher risk of gestational hypertension and cesarean delivery compared to those with NAFLD, while the risk for gestational diabetes mellitus remains similar between the two conditions. Additionally, MAFLD is associated with an increased likelihood of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants and heightened risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. Current treatment strategies for MAFLD focus on lifestyle modifications, such as dietary adjustments and increased physical activity. However, there is an urgent need for the development of safe and effective pharmacological treatments, particularly tailored toward pregnant women. Future research should delve deeper into the causal relationships between MAFLD and pregnancy complications and explore optimal therapeutic approaches to improve outcomes for mothers and their infants.
Liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among Chinese pregnant women; Background: Liver plays an important role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. We aimed to examine the associations of liver enzymes and hepatic steatosis index (HSI, a reliable biomarker for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in early pregnancy with subsequent GDM risk, as well as the potential mediation effects of lipid metabolites on the association between HSI and GDM. Methods: In a birth cohort, liver enzymes were measured in early pregnancy (6-15 gestational weeks, mean 10) among 6,860 Chinese women. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the association between liver biomarkers and risk of GDM. Pearson partial correlation and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression were conducted to identify lipid metabolites that were significantly associated with HSI in a subset of 948 women. Mediation analyses were performed to estimate the mediating roles of lipid metabolites on the association of HSI with GDM. Results: Liver enzymes and HSI were associated with higher risks of GDM after adjustment for potential confounders, with ORs ranging from 1.42 to 2.24 for extreme-quartile comparisons (false discovery rate-adjusted P-trend ≤0.005). On the natural log scale, each SD increment of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, alkaline phosphatase, and HSI was associated with a 1.15-fold (95% CI: 1.05, 1.26), 1.10-fold (1.01, 1.20), 1.21-fold (1.10, 1.32), 1.15-fold (1.04, 1.27), and 1.33-fold (1.18, 1.51) increased risk of GDM, respectively. Pearson partial correlation and LASSO regression identified 15 specific lipid metabolites in relation to HSI. Up to 52.6% of the association between HSI and GDM risk was attributed to the indirect effect of the HSI-related lipid score composed of lipid metabolites predominantly from phospholipids (e.g., lysophosphatidylcholine and ceramides) and triacylglycerol. Conclusions: Elevated liver enzymes and HSI in early pregnancy, even within a normal range, were associated with higher risks of GDM among Chinese pregnant women. The association of HSI with GDM was largely mediated by altered lipid metabolism.
Pathophysiological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome; Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) is a common breathing disorder in sleep in which the airways narrow or collapse during sleep, causing obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of OSAS continues to rise worldwide, particularly in middle-aged and elderly individuals. The mechanism of upper airway collapse is incompletely understood but is associated with several factors, including obesity, craniofacial changes, altered muscle function in the upper airway, pharyngeal neuropathy, and fluid shifts to the neck. The main characteristics of OSAS are recurrent pauses in respiration, which lead to intermittent hypoxia (IH) and hypercapnia, accompanied by blood oxygen desaturation and arousal during sleep, which sharply increases the risk of several diseases. This paper first briefly describes the epidemiology, incidence, and pathophysiological mechanisms of OSAS. Next, the alterations in relevant signaling pathways induced by IH are systematically reviewed and discussed. For example, IH can induce gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis, impair the intestinal barrier, and alter intestinal metabolites. These mechanisms ultimately lead to secondary oxidative stress, systemic inflammation, and sympathetic activation. We then summarize the effects of IH on disease pathogenesis, including cardiocerebrovascular disorders, neurological disorders, metabolic diseases, cancer, reproductive disorders, and COVID-19. Finally, different therapeutic strategies for OSAS caused by different causes are proposed. Multidisciplinary approaches and shared decision-making are necessary for the successful treatment of OSAS in the future, but more randomized controlled trials are needed for further evaluation to define what treatments are best for specific OSAS patients.
Analysis of cortisol mechanism to predict common genes between PCOS and its co-morbidities; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial endocrine disorder and one of the main causes of PCOS is hormonal imbalance due to lifestyle changes. Estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, cortisol and melatonin are the major hormones that regulate the menstrual cycle and other endocrine disorders in women. The hormone cortisol, in particular, can lead to many comorbid conditions related to PCOS. In this proposed work, PubMed articles were mined using R program to retrieve target genes for PCOS. The NCBI Gene/Genome database was used to download PCOS genes, and genes related to cortisol and major comorbid diseases. Then, commonly intersecting genes among PCOS–Cortisol–Comorbids were identified. From the obtained results, the top seven genes were considered as Hub–Bottleneck genes based on the Degree and Betweenness values of the 26 intersecting (merged) genes. Functional annotation and pathway analysis were performed to examine significant pathways of Hub–Bottleneck genes.
Impact of neighbourhood-level social determinants of health on healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis: a population-based study in Ontario, Canada; Background Cirrhosis is rising in North America, driven partly by the epidemic of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), most in women of reproductive age. Little is known about factors that impact perinatal outcomes and healthcare utilisation in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis. Objectives We investigated the association between population-level social determinants, health outcomes and healthcare utilisation. Methods We retrospectively analysed healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in a cohort of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis from Ontario, Canada from 2000 to 2016 and followed for 90 days postdelivery. We compared utilisation and health outcomes according to income, residential instability, material deprivation, dependency and ethnic diversity. A Cochran-Armitage test for trend was done to assess whether utilisation patterns were linear across quintiles. Results 3320 pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis formed the study cohort. Decreasing income quintile associated with a higher proportion of women with at least one emergency department (ED) visit. Increasing residential instability, material deprivation and dependency were associated with a higher frequency of ED visitation, with no compelling differences in the rates of perinatal complications or adverse outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis. Using multiple population-level proxies for social determinants of health, this study demonstrates an association between marginalisation and increased ED visitation. Conclusions As the incidence rate of pregnancies among women with NAFLD cirrhosis continues to rise, understanding how this population uses healthcare services will help coordinate care for these patients.
Obesity and metabolic disorders in infertile women: an interesting relationship between multifactorial conditions; obesity impacts multiple aspects of health. it is closely related to a number of adverse reproductive outcomes, including anovulation, polycystic ovary syndrome, and infertility. a correlation between obesity/dysmetabolism and oocyte maturation pathways, endometrial characteristics, and embryonic quality has been demonstrated. obesity, by increasing the risk of metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance, diabetes, or relative hyperandrogenism, also adversely affects reproductive function, causing a chronic inflammatory state that is reflected both systemically and locally, at the ovarian follicular microenvironment, altering oocyte maturation and quality. obesity comes to affect endometrial receptivity, with lower clinical pregnancy and live birth rates and higher abortion rates. it also appears to have a negative impact on assisted reproduction outcomes, with fewer implantations and clinical pregnancies, higher incidence of miscarriage or complications during gestation. obese women are more likely to create poor-quality embryos. Whether these results are due to defects in oocyte quality, abnormal embryo development, or an unwelcoming uterine environment is still debated, but clinical evidence to date suggests a combination of factors. A healthy diet, combined with sufficient antioxidant intake, body weight control and regular physical activity, is estimated to reduce the risk of ovulatory infertility. Medications to treat obesity may be useful in combination with lifestyle interventions
Sterile inflammation and the NLRP3 inflammasome in cardiometabolic disease; Inflammation plays an important role in the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic diseases. Sterile inflammation, a non-infectious and damage-associated molecular pattern (DAMP)-induced innate response, is now well-established to be closely associated with development and progression of cardiometabolic diseases. The NOD-like receptor (NLR) family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome is well-established as a major player in sterile inflammatory responses. It is a multimeric cytosolic protein complex which regulates the activation of caspase-1 and subsequently promotes cleavage and release of interleukin (IL)-1 family cytokines, which have a deleterious impact on the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Therefore, targeting NLRP3 itself or the downstream consequences of NLRP3 activation represent excellent potential therapeutic targets in inflammatory cardiometabolic diseases. Here, we review our current understanding of the role which NLRP3 inflammasome regulation plays in cardiometabolic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Finally, we highlight the potential of targeting NLPR3 or related signaling molecules as a therapeutic approach.
Natural History Of Pregnancy And Pregnancy Outcomes In Subjects With Lipodystrophy; Lipodystrophy syndromes are a group of rare heterogenous disorders characterized by deficiency of adipose tissue in a regional distribution (Partial Lipodystrophy, PL) or all of the body (Generalized Lipodystrophy, GL), leading to severe insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertriglyceridemia, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. During pregnancy in patients with lipodystrophy, insulin resistance worsens during late gestation, leading to pregnancy complications that may threaten the lives of the fetus and mother. Case reports have suggested increased risk of pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia in patients with lipodystrophy. We sought to systematically examine pregnancy complications and offspring outcomes in lipodystrophy through a prospective study involving structured interviews with patients with known lipodystrophy and past pregnancy. Data were collected in 7 patients with PL (2 LMNA, PPARG, 4 unknown genetic cause) and 1 with GL (AGPAT2). These 7 patients had 21 pregnancies (mean 2.6), including 19 singleton and 2 twin gestations. 14 pregnancies (67%) were spontaneous and 7 (33%) required fertility treatment. 10 pregnancies (48%) in 6 patients resulted in 12 live births (7 term, 3 preterm
Diabetes Insipidus With Hypokalemia In A 30 Week Pregnant Female; In this case, we will discuss a 29 year old G4P0121 African American female at 30 weeks gestation presented to women's urgent care for nausea, vomiting and diarrhea after starting magnesium supplementation for incidentally diagnosed hypokalemia around 4 weeks prior. Vitals were significant for a BP of 133/60 and HR 110. Laboratory studies were significant for potassium of 3 mmol/L, sodium 155 mmol/L, magnesium 2.2mmol/L, AST 104, ALT 62 and UA with 2+ proteinuria. Patient admitted to the OBGYN service for preeclampsia with severe features. Patient was noted to have over 16L UOP over the first 24 hours of admission
Undiagnosed MODY In Case Of Morbid Obesity; MODY is suspected in nonobese subjects with hyperglycemia, negative islet cell antibodies, and a family history of diabetes. Children with morbid obesity and diabetes can still have MODY and require different treatment. Case report The patient was born after a pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes, treated with insulin, BW 9 1/2 lbs. He had early onset obesity from 3 yrs. of age. At 8 yrs., he developed impaired glucose tolerance, elevated triglycerides, low HDL, and fatty liver. He developed diabetes at 11 yrs. and was treated with Insulin, but treatment was not effective, Hb A1c was 11.4%, and BMI was 51.8 kg/m2 . At 12 yrs., he was diagnosed with MODY on the base of normal C-peptide, negative islet cell AB, strong family history of diabetes: mother, uncle and MGM had diabetes. Insulin was discontinued. Glyburide and Metformin were started that improved his glucose level significantly. Hb A1c improved to 6.2%. Diet was changed, physical exercises were added, and he lost 25 lbs., BMI improved to 44.8 kg/m2 . His mother, 46 yrs. old, was diagnosed with diabetes type 1 at 18 yrs. and treated with Insulin. She also had morbid obesity with BMI 48 kg/m2 . She developed diabetic neuropathy, nephropathy, and had amputation of the left leg below the knee, eGFR 44 mL/min/1.73m2 Hb A1c 10.5%. She was diagnosed with MODY on the base of normal C-peptide 3.21 ng/mL, negative islet cell AB, family history of diabetes: her mother, brother, son have diabetes. Glyburide and pioglitazone were started, Insulin total daily dose was decreased from 90 units to 15 units a day. Her Hb A1c improved to 6 %, insulin was discontinued. She underwent Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass surgery, lost 30 lbs. BMI improved to 42 kg/m2 Hb A1c became 5.3%. Her current glucose level is normal on Glyburide 2.5 mg and pioglitazone 7.5 mg daily. Results: Patient and his mother had heterozygous gene polymorphism in GLIS3, c.951G>T (p.Glu317Asp). This sequence replaces glutamic acid with aspartic acid at codon 317 of the GLIS3 protein (p.Glu317Asp). GLIS3 is a variant of MODY and is a transcriptional factor in beta cell differentiation and insulin production. Patient and mother had pathogenic heterozygous variant of KSR2 gene, c.1622del, resulting in a frameshift and premature protein termination (p.Lys541Serfs∗27). Pathogenic variants in KSR2 are associated with obesity and insulin resistance. Patient was also heterozygous in the NTRK2 gene for a sequence variant c.500C>A, which is predicted to result in the amino acid substitution p.Ser167Tyr, also associated with obesity. Conclusion Genetic analysis of MODY is necessary even in cases of diabetes with morbid obesity, negative islet cell AB, positive family history of diabetes. Diagnosis of MODY helps provide individualized treatment and avoid complications secondary to unnecessary treatment with insulin.
LIVER CHEMISTRIES TRENDS IN PREGNANT PATIENTS WITH NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE; Background: The pathophysiology of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is linked with insulin resistance and oxidative stress, both of which can be heightened in pregnancy. However, the effects of pregnancy on NAFLD are not well-defined. This study aimed to evaluate the possibility of worsening liver inflammation, as reflected by liver chemistries, during pregnancy in NAFLD patients. Methods: This is a retrospective study of all adult pregnant patients at a Tertiary North American Center between 2000-2021. Diagnostic codes and keywords from radiology reports identified patients with NAFLD prior to pregnancy compared to age-matched controls without liver disease. Patients without documented aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and platelet values within 2 years prior to conception were excluded. For pre-pregnancy AST/ ALT values, the value closest to the date of pregnancy was used. For during-pregnancy AST/ALT values, the highest value during pregnancy was used. Multivariate linear regression was used for during pregnancy AST/ALT and logistic regression was used for categorical outcomes. Results: 285 patients were included with 117 NAFLD cases and 168 controls. Patients with NAFLD had significantly higher prepregnancy transaminases compared to controls. However, transaminases were comparable between the two groups during pregnancy, and so were the mean differences during pregnancy compared to prepregnancy (Table 1). In multivariate analysis, NAFLD (p = 0.39), pre-pregnancy AST (p = 0.65), and the interaction between NAFLD and pre-pregnancy AST (p = 0.60) were not associated with AST level during pregnancy. Furthermore, NAFLD (p = 0.31), pre-pregnancy ALT (p = 0.70), and the interaction between NAFLD and pre-pregnancy ALT (p = 0.75) were not associated with ALT level during pregnancy. In a subgroup analysis of patients with NAFLD, being at risk for advanced fibrosis (defined by having intermediate or high FIB4 or NAFLD and metabolic syndrome) was not associated with during pregnancy AST or ALT (AST p = 0.71, ALT p = 0.50). Of note, neither NAFLD (p = 0.18) nor its interaction with baseline transaminases predicated gestational diabetes (p = 0.11). Conclusion: Neither NAFLD nor its severity influenced the trends of transaminases during pregnancy. Changes in liver enzymes during pregnancy should not be attributed to NAFLD despite the pregnancyrelated metabolic changes. Multi-center prospective studies are needed to validate our findings.
Adipose tissue insulin resistance, liver fat and fetuin-A in South Asian and Nordic women after gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Individuals of South Asian (SA) ethnicity are more prone to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) compared to white Europeans. A surplus of metabolic active visceral fat seem to be important for this increased risk, but the mechanisms remain incompletely understood. We focused on the inter-tissue cross-talk between adipose tissue (AT) and the liver in the development of insulin resistance (IR) and hypothesised that differences in this cross-talk contribute to the increased risk of T2D in SA women. Materials and methods: 179 SA (from India, Pakistan, Sri Lank and Bangladesh) and 108 Nordic (from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Iceland) women living in Oslo, Norway underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 1-3 years after gestational diabetes. Non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), very-low-density lipoprotein triacylglycerol (VLDL-TG), glucose, insulin and C-peptide were measured during the OGTT in addition to fasting blood fetuin- A, leptin, adiponectin, C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and high- and low-density cholesterol (HDL-c and LDL-c) levels. Results: 31% of SA and 53% of Nordic women had a normal OGTT. In women with normoglycaemia, SA exhibited lower suppression of NEFA levels during the OGTT than NO normoglycaemic women, but a similar NEFA response as in women with prediabetes/ T2D. Normoglycaemic SA also displayed higher levels of VLDL-TG than NO, again with a similar response pattern as seen in women with prediabetes/T2D. Normoglycaemic SA were moving up the curve when comparing NEFA as a function of insulin levels, approaching women with prediabetes/T2D. Markers of AT IR were positively correlated to plasma levels of leptin, CRP and IL-6, and negatively correlated to plasma adiponectin levels. The median plasma CRP and IL-6 levels were higher whereas plasma adiponectin levels were lower in normoglycaemic SA than in NO. The median plasma fetuin-A concentration was higher in normoglycaemic SA than in NO and mediated 10% of the ethnic difference in AT IR. Normoglycaemic SA displayed higher levels of liver fat markers, lower hepatic insulin clearance and plasma HDL-c levels and increased peripheral insulin concentrations than NO controls. Conclusion: We observed clear signs of AT IR in SA that were associated with increased liver fat content and signs of dyslipidaemia. AT IR was partly explained by markers of AT inflammation and increased plasma levels of fetuin-A. We suggest that targeting AT dysfunction may lower the risk of T2D and cardiovascular disease in SA.
GLP-1 analogs and regional adiposity: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) analogs regulate body weight and liver steatosis. Different body adipose tissue (AT) depots exhibit biological variability. Accordingly, GLP-1 analog effects on AT distribution are unclear. Objectives: To investigate GLP1-analog effects on adiposity distribution. Search methods: PubMed, Cochrane, and Scopus databases were screened for eligible randomized human trials. Pre-defined endpoints included visceral AT (VAT), subcutaneous AT (SAT), total AT (TAT), epicardial AT (EAT), liver AT (LAT), and waist-to-hip ratio (W:H). Search was conducted until May 17, 2022. Data collection and analysis: Data extraction and bias assessment were performed by two independent investigators. Treatment effects were estimated using random effects models. Analyses were performed on Review Manager v5.3. Main results: Out of the 367 screened studies, 45 were included in the systematic review and 35 were used in the meta-analysis. GLP-1 analogs reduced VAT, SAT, TAT, LAT, and EAT, with non-significant effects on W:H. Overall bias risk was low. Conclusions: GLP-1 analog treatment reduces TAT, affecting most studied AT depots, including the pathogenic VAT, EAT, and LAT. GLP-1 analogs may have significant roles in combating metabolic, obesity-associated diseases via reductions of key AT depot volumes.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06–3.31), 2.26 (1.96–2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21–3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell’s C−index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM.
Familial Partial Lipodystrophy: Clinical Features, Genetics and Treatment in a Greek Referral Center; Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is a rare syndrome in which a patient’s phenotype is not merely dependent on the specific genetic mutation, but it is also defined by a combination of other demographic, environmental and genetic factors. In this prospective observational study in a Greek referral center, we enrolled 39 patients who fulfilled the clinical criteria of FPLD. A genetic analysis was conducted, which included sequence and deletion/duplication analyses of the LMNA and PPRARG genes, along with anthropometric and metabolic parameters. The treatment responses of patients who were eligible for treatment with metreleptin were evaluated at 3 and 12 months. In most of the patients, no significant changes were detected at the exon level, and any mutations that led to changes at the protein level were not associated with the lipodystrophic phenotype. On the contrary, various changes were detected at the intron level, especially in introns 7 and 10, whose clinical significance is considered unknown. In addition, treatment with metreleptin in specific FPLD patients significantly improved glycemic and lipidemic control, an effect which was sustained at the 12-month follow-up. More large-scale studies are necessary to clarify the genetic and allelic heterogeneity of the disease, along with other parameters which could predict treatment response.
Metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes: Adiposity variables and adipocytokines in offspring at age of 9 years; Aims: To compare body composition, visceral adiposity, adipocytokines, and low-grade inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring of mothers who were treated with metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 172 offspring of 311 mothers randomized to receive metformin (n = 82) or insulin (n = 90) for GDM were studied at 9 years of age (follow-up rate 55%). Measurements included anthropometrics, adipocytokines, markers of the low-grade inflammation, abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic liver spectrometry (MRS), and whole body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Serum markers of low-grade inflammation, visceral adipose tissue volume, total fat percentage, and liver fat percentage were similar between the study groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was higher in children in the metformin group compared to insulin group (median 10.37 vs 9.50 µg/ml, p = 0.016). This difference between groups was observed in boys only (median 12.13 vs 7.50 µg/ml, p < 0.001). Leptin/adiponectin-ratio was lower in boys in the metformin group than in the insulin group (median 0.30 vs 0.75
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and Aim: A recent study has demonstrated that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease than those without GDM. In contrary to non-alcoholic fatty liver, the association of GDM with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has still not been well established in the current literature. Therefore, we aim to evaluate the association of a history of GDM and the development of NASH throughout their lives independently of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A validated research database of more than 360 hospitals was utilized to construct this study. Adult females included were divided into two groups: those with NASH (case) and individuals without NASH (control). Regression analysis was performed to account for potential cofounders. Results: There were 70 632 640 individuals above the age of 18 years screened in the database. In patients with a history of GDM, NASH was most prevalent in middle age people compared with NASH alone, which was more prevalent in people aged 65 years and above. Compared with those without, patients with NASH tend to be Caucasian (odds ratio [OR]: 2.13), obese (OR: 4.83), have a history of GDM (OR: 1.23), diagnosed with hyperlipidemia (OR: 2.59), T2DM (OR: 4.52), metabolic syndrome (OR: 3.07), polycystic ovaries disease (OR: 1.72), and hypothyroidism (OR: 1.59). Conclusion: We demonstrated for the first time an increased odd of developing NASH in women who have had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus throughout their lives independently of any other factors that could interfere with the results.
Hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model; Abstract: Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) is a pregnancy complication characterized by mild to moderate hyperglycaemia that negatively impacts short- and long-term health of mother and child. However, relationships between severity and timing of pregnancy hyperglycaemia and postpartum outcomes have not been systemically investigated. We investigated the impact of hyperglycaemia developing during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) or already present pre-mating (pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, PDM) on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. GDM and PDM were induced in C57BL/6NTac mice by combined 60% high fat diet (HF) and low dose streptozotocin (STZ). Animals were screened for PDM prior to mating, and all underwent an oral glucose tolerance test on gestational day (GD)15. Tissues were collected at GD18 or at postnatal day (PN)15. Among HFSTZ-treated dams, 34% developed PDM and 66% developed GDM, characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin release and inadequate suppression of endogenous glucose production. No increased adiposity or overt insulin resistance was observed. Furthermore, markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were significantly increased in PDM at GD18 and were positively correlated with basal glucose levels at GD18 in GDM dams. By PN15, NAFLD markers were also increased in GDM dams. Only PDM affected pregnancy outcomes such as litter size. Our findings indicate that GDM and PDM, resulting in disturbances of maternal glucose homeostasis, increase the risk of postpartum NAFLD development, related to the onset and severity of pregnancy hyperglycaemia. These findings signal a need for earlier monitoring of maternal glycaemia and more rigorous follow-up of maternal health after GDM and PDM pregnancy in humans. (Figure presented.). Key points: We studied the impact of high-fat diet/streptozotocin induced hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in mice and found that this impaired glucose tolerance and insulin release. Litter size and embryo survival were compromised by pre-gestational, but not by gestational, diabetes. Despite postpartum recovery from hyperglycaemia in a majority of dams, liver disease markers were further elevated by postnatal day 15. Maternal liver disease markers were associated with the severity of hyperglycaemia at gestational day 18. The association between hyperglycaemic exposure and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease signals a need for more rigorous monitoring and follow-up of maternal glycaemia and health in diabetic pregnancy in humans.
Sleep quality and metabolic consequences in overweight or obese children and adolescents; Background: Emerging evidence has assigned an important role to sleep as a modulator of metabolic homeostasis. The impact of variations in sleep quality in cardiometabolic function encompasses a wide array of disorders spanning from obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease risk and mortality, in both adults and children. Yet little is known about the impact of sleep disturbances in overweight or obese children. Aim: The aim of this study was to characterize sleep in children with overweight or obesity and to examine the associations between child sleep and components of metabolic syndrome in overweight or obese children and adolescents. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted from June 2022 to August 2022. Overweight and obese children evaluated in Pediatrics consultations in our Center were included. The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index questionnaire was applied to patients (or patient's parents/guardians). Sleep quality was classified as follows: 0-5=good sleep quality
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study; Background and purpose: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25–2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53–2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31–2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Associations between plasma sulfur amino acids and specific fat depots in two independent cohorts: CODAM and The Maastricht Study; Purpose: Sulfur amino acids (SAAs) have been associated with obesity and obesity-related metabolic diseases. We investigated whether plasma SAAs (methionine, total cysteine (tCys), total homocysteine, cystathionine and total glutathione) are related to specific fat depots. Methods: We examined cross-sectional subsets from the CODAM cohort (n = 470, 61.3% men, median [IQR]: 67 [61, 71] years) and The Maastricht Study (DMS
Association between maternal obesity, essential fatty acids and biomarkers of fetal liver function; Maternal obesity and the imbalance in linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6, LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3, ALA) levels are related with hepatic disturbances in the offspring. However, whether these alterations are present during fetal life is not well understood. Obese and normal weight pregnant women were recruited to determine fatty acids (FAs) consumption, FAs profile (in maternal erythrocytes, placenta and neonatal very low-density lipoproteins VLDL) and biomarkers of fetal liver function, such as gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and albumin, in umbilical cord blood. Stearic acid (C18:0, ST) was lower, and total n-3 FAs tended to be lower in umbilical cord VLDLs of obese women compared to controls. Independently of maternal obesity, GGT levels in umbilical cord blood was positively correlated with the LA content and negatively correlated with the ALA content in maternal erythrocytes. We conclude that maternal obesity and its imbalance of LA and ALA are associated with changes in biomarkers of fetal liver function.
New-Onset NAFLD during Pregnancy is a Risk Factor for Large-for-Gestational Age Birthweight; Introduction: Maternal fat accumulation increases in the first half of pregnancy because of increased insulin resistance, increased lipid synthesis, and maternal hyperlipidemia. Pregnancy-induced hyperlipidemia itself can cause fat accumulation in the liver, which is highly sensitive to metabolic alternation. Although previous studies have shown that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) that predates pregnancy is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there are no studies investigating pregnancy outcomes in women who develop NAFLD during pregnancy. Since NAFLD/hepatic insulin resistance can result in exaggerated fetal growth from increased glucose and fatty acid release, we examined whether new-onset NAFLD during pregnancy was associated with excessive fetal growth. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women designed to examine pregnancy outcome in the setting of NAFLD. Metabolic profiling and liver ultrasounds were performed to diagnose NAFLD in the first and late second trimester (24-28 weeks). Based on these results, the study population was divided into three groups: Group 1, no NAFLD in both first and second trimester
Abnormal lipid profile in neonates born to mothers with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease and has been associated with adverse pregnancy outcome such as gestational diabetes, macrosomia, pregnancyassociated hypertension. Intrauterine exposure to unfavorable metabolic environments, such as insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, is related with less favorable metabolic profile of offspring later in life. However, there is paucity of information whether this relationship is originated from fetal metabolic alteration. In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of NAFLD on neonatal lipid profile at birth. Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. The study population consisted of 43 pregnant women with NAFLD and 172 normal pregnant women without NAFLD, selected after propensity scoring matching for maternal age, parity, maternal BMI, gestational diabetes, and pregnancyassociated hypertension. We compared fetal metabolic laboratory result between offspring born to mothers with NAFLD and without NAFLD. Results: The concentration of fetal HDL was significantly lower in offspring born to mothers with NAFLD. The risk of HDL dyslipidemia increased significantly in offspring born to mothers and HDL dyslipidemia remained significant after adjustment for gestational age at delivery, birthweight, gestational diabetes, and maternal BMI. (Adjusted odds ratio, 6.12
Prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus: a minireview; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal, foetal and neonatal outcomes and is increasing worldwide probably for the increasing rate of overweight and obesity, being the latter a major risk factor. To these women with well recognized risk factors some interventions to prevent GDM should be offered. In this way, possible interventions are diet and/ or exercise, metformin and myo-inositol. Diet and exercise are considered first line for the prevention of GDM, but in particular kind of pregnant women like obese, who usually follow unhealthy lifestyles, this type of intervention may fail. Metformin is usually used for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus type 2 and recently also for hyper-insulinemic infertile women affected by polycystic ovary syndrome with the aim to restore ovarian cycle and ovulation. In these women, metformin was given off-label throughout pregnancy, but in pro-spective, randomized trials, especially when obese women are involved, met-formin failed to prevent GDM. On the other hand, a supplement, myo-inositol demonstrated to reduce GDM rate when it was given since first trimester. This review analyses the effect of these three interventions for preventing GDM with the help of the most recent literature.
Maternal elevated inflammation impairs placental fatty acids β-oxidation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: An adverse proinflammatory milieu contributes to abnormal cellular energy metabolism response. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to an altered maternal inflammatory status. However, its role on lipid metabolism regulation in human placenta has not yet been assessed. The aim of this study was to examine the impact of maternal circulating inflammatory mediators ([TNF]-α, [IL]-6, and Leptin) on placental fatty acid metabolism in GDM pregnancies. Methods: Fasting maternal blood and placental tissues were collected at term deliveries from 37 pregnant women (17 control and 20 GDM). Molecular approach techniques as radiolabeled lipid tracers, ELISAs, immunohistochemistry and multianalyte immunoassay quantitative analysis, were used to quantify serum inflammatory factors’ levels, to measure lipid metabolic parameters in placental villous samples (mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation [FAO] rate and lipid content [Triglycerides]), and to analyze their possible relationships. The effect of potential candidate cytokines on fatty acid metabolism in ex vivo placental explants culture following C-section a term was also examined. Results: Maternal serum IL-6, TNF-α and leptin levels were significantly increased in GDM patients compared with control pregnant women (9,9±4,5 vs. 3,00±1,7
Elevated Hepatic Steatosis Index is Associated with the Development of Adverse Maternal, but Not Adverse Neonatal, Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Objective: To determine whether an elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI), a non-invasive test for possible metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), is associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Material and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at two tertiary hospitals from August 2014 to December 2017. Aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransaminase (ALT) levels obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were extracted and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The HSI was calculated using the following equation: 8 × (ALT/AST ratio) + BMI (+2 if female
Novel implication of the prolactin (PRL) gene in the comorbidity of type 2 diabetes and depression; OBJECTIVE: The prolactin (PRL) system plays important behavioral, social, and metabolic roles, such as mediating social bonding and insulin secretion. Inherited dysfunction of the PRL pathway-related genes is associated with psychopathology and insulin resistance. We have previously suggested that the PRL system might be implicated in the comorbidity of psychiatric (depression) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) owing to the pleiotropy of PRL pathway-related genes. To our knowledge, no PRL variants have so far been reported in patients with either major depressive disorder (MDD) and/or T2D. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this study, we analyzed 6 variants within the PRL gene and tested them for the presence of parametric linkage and/or linkage disequilibrium (LD, i.e., linkage and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and their comorbidity. RESULTS: We found, for the first time, that the PRL gene and its novel risk variants are linked to and in LD (i.e., linkage and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D comorbidity. CONCLUSIONS: PRL might play a key role in mental-metabolic comorbidity and can be considered a novel gene in MDD and T2D.
Assessment of Infantile Psychomotor Development Status in 6 and 12-Month-Old IUGR Infants: A Historical Cohort Study; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is responsible for different post-natal adverse outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the post-natal psychomotor development status in 6 and 12-month-old IUGR infants who received early preventive interventions. A historical cohort study was done at an Iranian Hospital (2019). The case group included one-year-old infants with a history of IUGR at birth. This group was visited every 2 months to evaluate their growth and neurodevelopmental status. Their parents had also received some training to improve their infant's sensory and motor skills. The control group comprised one-year-old healthy infants with a history of appropriate for gestational age (AGA) at birth. Data related to psychomotor developmental indices based on the ASQ questionnaire at 6 and 12-month for both groups was extracted from subjects' records. Infants' psychomotor development status was compared between groups. Forty-one infants with a history of IUGR and 43 healthy control infants were included in this study. There were significant differences between 2 groups associated with abnormalities in all evaluated psychomotor skills, including gross motor (P=0.014), problem-solving ability (P=0.049), communication (P=0.031), fine motor (P=0.016) and personal-social (P=0.016) at 6 months. After one year of family-based interventions for the case group, significant differences between groups were notable in only fine motor (P=0.016) and personal-social skills (P=0.031). At 12 months, the psychomotor disorders related to gross motor, problem-solving ability, and communication were significantly alleviated in the IUGR group. Early preventive family-based interventions can improve the neurodevelopmental outcomes in 12-month-old IUGR infants.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - A narrative review; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
The association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder characterized by an abnormal vascular response to placentation associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. As liver involvement is one of the main clinical features of preeclampsia, we sought to determine if there is an association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. Methods: A retrospective matched case–control analysis was conducted in a tertiary medical center. Three hundred eleven (311) pregnant women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson disease, and cirrhosis, were match for age, parity, and number of fetuses to 933 healthy pregnant women (control group). The primary outcome measure was the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcome measures were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Confounders found to be significant on univariate analysis were evaluated using logistic regression models, and odds ratios (OR) and confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Results: Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 28 women (9.0%) in the study group and 33 women (3.54%) in the control group (p < 0.001). On multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, chronic liver disease was found to be an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (aOR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518–4.561). Although there was no difference in the gestational week at delivery between the groups (38.6 ± 2.13 vs. 38.8 ± 2.17 for study and control group, respectively, p = 0.410), the study group had a lower mean neonatal birthweight (3088 ± 551 vs. 3182 ± 566 g, p = 0.011). There were no between-group differences in the other parameters evaluated. Conclusion: In our study, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk of preeclampsia.
Antenatal FibroScan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study; Background: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease with increasingly recognised associations with gestational diabetes (GDM), including within the antenatal period. Aims: To assess the relationship between MAFLD in pregnancy and development of GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were enrolled before 24 weeks gestation from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. Two FibroScan® assessments were performed, one prior to 24 weeks and one after 30 weeks gestation, to assess hepatic steatosis and stiffness. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) score ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. GDM was determined by an antenatal 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing. Results: Six (12%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy, while none had abnormal hepatic stiffness. Sixteen (32%) women developed GDM. No significant difference was observed in GDM rates (50% vs 29.5%
Combined effect of pancreatic lipid content and gene variants (TCF7L2, WFS1 and 11BHSD1) on B-cell function in Middle Aged Women in a Post Hoc Analysis; Background: TCF7L2 rs7903146 and PNPLA3 rs738409 gene variants confer the strongest risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), respectively. Pancreatic triacylglycerol content (PTGC) was reported to have a role in T2DM development. We aimed to assess the correlation between PTGC and hepatic triacylglycerol content (HTGC) stratified by PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype and subsequently interactions between PTGC and gene variants associated with β-cell dysfunction (TCF7L2, WFS1) and visceral adiposity (11ΒHSD1) on β-cell function were also tested. Methods: PTGC and HTGC were assessed using MR in a post-hoc analysis of a genotype-based (PNPLA3 rs738409) recall study of 39 (lipid- and glucose lowering) drug-naïve women. Oral glucose tolerance test, HbA1c, insulin indices, anthropometric data were evaluated. The effect of minor allele carrying of TCF7L2 (rs7903146)
Machine learning for data integration in human gut microbiome; Recent studies have demonstrated that gut microbiota plays critical roles in various human diseases. High-throughput technology has been widely applied to characterize the microbial ecosystems, which led to an explosion of different types of molecular profiling data, such as metagenomics, metatranscriptomics and metabolomics. For analysis of such data, machine learning algorithms have shown to be useful for identifying key molecular signatures, discovering potential patient stratifications, and particularly for generating models that can accurately predict phenotypes. In this review, we first discuss how dysbiosis of the intestinal microbiota is linked to human disease development and how potential modulation strategies of the gut microbial ecosystem can be used for disease treatment. In addition, we introduce categories and workflows of different machine learning approaches, and how they can be used to perform integrative analysis of multi-omics data. Finally, we review advances of machine learning in gut microbiome applications and discuss related challenges. Based on this we conclude that machine learning is very well suited for analysis of gut microbiome and that these approaches can be useful for development of gut microbe-targeted therapies, which ultimately can help in achieving personalized and precision medicine.
Assessing subcutaneous, visceral and liver fat using first trimester antenatal ultrasound and creating a predictive model for gestational diabetes; Objective: Gestational Diabetes mellitus (GDM) is diagnosed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy that was not clearly present prior to gestation. It is associated with increased maternal and foetal morbidity including increased risks of preeclampsia, large for gestational age newborns, and cesarean birth. Predicting the risk of GDM early in the first trimester will help in appropriate nutritional and life style changes in the mother. Various prediction models using maternal age, family history of DM, BMI, and material glucose and triglycerides have been studied. Using the first trimester Antenatal Ultrasound (AUS) to get data on liver fat, subcutaneous fat thickness (SFT) and visceral fat thickness (VFT), we attempt to build a predictive model for the subsequent risk of GDM. Methods: After Institutional Ethics committee approval, we conducted a prospective cohort study of all pregnant women who came for Antenatal visit in their first trimester at our institute between Jan 2019 to Oct 2020. A detailed history, anthropometric measurements including BMI, neck circumference, waist: hip ratio were noted. Blood was sent for random blood sugar (RBS) and/or HbA1c. Patients with pre-existing Diabetes, IVF pregnancies and those with liver disease or currently on hepatotoxic drugs were excluded. At 11-13 weeks SFT, VFT and liver fat was estimated using AUS. 75 gm OGTT was done after 24 weeks of gestation and IADPSG criteria were utilized for diagnosis of GDM. The data was divided into two groups based on the development of GDM in the second trimester and analyzed. Risk factors for GDM were tested using univariate analysis. Area under the ROC was constructed to study the accuracy of different variables for predicting GDM. Regression analysis using forward conditional method was used to develop risk prediction model. Goodness of fit of the model was assessed by Homer Lemeshow test. All statistical tests were done using SPSS software v21. Results: A total of 265 singleton pregnancies were included in our study. The prevalence of GDM was found to be 22% (n = 59). Family history of DM (OR 2.3), history of PCOS (OR 3.5) and presence of Fatty Liver (OR 12.5) was associated with development of GDM (p value <0.01). The area under the curve (in parenthesis) for predicting GDM for BMI > 24.5 kg/m2 (0.82), WHR > 0.88 (0.67), Neck circumference > 32.5 cm (0.74), RBS > 110 (0.85), SFT > 2.5 (0.81), VFT > 4.75 (0.93), Fatty liver (0.6). A model including RBS, VFT and Liver fat gave the best prediction of GDM with an accuracy of 94%. Conclusion: First trimester AUS is an economical and effective tool in combination with a random glucose to predict GDM.
Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease and Subsequent Development of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background & Aims: Recently, metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into 3 groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. Results: The study population consisted of 1744 pregnant women, including 1523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03
Perinatal Outcomes of COVID-19 in Pregnancy in a Tertiary Care Center in South India; Aim: In light of the severe acute respiratory syndrome by a coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic, it was proposed that a variety of complications have occurred in women during pregnancy, which has further extended to the fetus, causing higher rates of morbidity and mortality. The objective of this study was to identify the complications that arose due to the coronavirus and asses how it impacted the pregnancy, the fetus, and the neonate. Materials and methods: Our study was a descriptive and observational study, which investigated the various aspects, obstetric, fetal and neonatal outcomes, and the complications arising in mothers affected with by SARS-CoV-2 virus. All women who tested positive after 20 weeks of gestation were included in the study and their pregnancy was followed up till delivery, and neonatal outcomes were noted. Results: About 220 women infected with SARS-CoV-2 were studied and outcomes were illustrated. The mean age of the study population was 26.87 years [±4.96 Standard Deviation (SD)]. About 90% of the study population had a mild illness. The main obstetric outcomes noted were preterm labor, preeclampsia, eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and intrauterine fetal demise (IUD). Only 4.1% required a cesarean section for worsening conditions. Neonatal intensive care unit (ICU) admissions were also noted to be higher, with a possibility of vertical transmission in six babies. Conclusion: Severe acute respiratory syndrome by a coronavirus-2 can have serious implications and can pose a great risk in pregnancy if not caught and treated early. Therefore, it is vital to screen those at high risk for the virus to prevent severe complications from taking a toll on the mother and fetus. Clinical significance: By identifying the main complications occurring in pregnancy, we can prevent the same by anticipating and monitoring carefully, thereby reducing mortality and morbidity rates.
The Detection of Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease via Fibroscan® in Early-to-Mid Pregnancy is an Independent Risk Factor for the Development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Aims: To investigate whether the detection of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), formerly known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), in early-to-mid pregnancy is associated with the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A prospective longitudinal study was conducted on singleton pregnant women enrolled from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. A FibroScan ® was performed between 10-24 weeks to assess for hepatic steatosis in women with at least one risk factor for developing GDM, as per the Australasian Diabetes in Pregnancy Society (ADIPS) Guidelines 2014. A controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) score ≥233.5 dB/m was indicative of MAFLD, with severity graded as mild (Grade S1: CAP 233.5-267 dB/m), moderate (Grade S2: CAP 268-301 dB/ m) and severe (Grade S3: CAP ≥302 dB/m). A liver stiffness measure (LSM) score ≥7. 0 kPa was indicative of hepatic fibrosis. Women were advised to fast for at least 2 hours prior to their FibroScan ® . GDM was determined by the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) 2010 criteria, with a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) performed between 24-28 weeks gestation. The cohort were separated by GDM status and categorical variables were compared with Pearson's chi-squared test or Fisher's exact test, and continuous variables with independent t-test or Mann- Whitney U test. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to determine the independent predictors of GDM, reported as odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Three-hundred and twenty-eight women were eligible for inclusion in our study. Of these, 135 (41.2%) had FibroScan ® -detected MAFLD, where 85 (25.9%) had Grade S1, 39 (11.9%) had Grade S2 and 11 (3.4%) had Grade S3. None of the women had hepatic fibrosis. Over 97% of women were fasting for at least 2 hours prior to their FibroScan ® . GDM was diagnosed in 87 (26.5%) women. A significantly higher rate of GDM were identified in women with MAFLD compared to those without (36.3% vs. 19.7%, p<0. 01). Women with MAFLD were more likely obese, with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) over 27.5kg/m 2 in Asians and over 30kg/m 2 in Europeans (58.5% vs. 12.4%, p<0. 01), had an earlier diagnosis (prior to 24 weeks gestation) of GDM (8.1% vs. 1.6%, p<0. 01) and administered insulin for treatment of their GDM (12.6% vs. 4.7%, p<0. 01). After adjustment for ethnicity, pre-pregnancy BMI, prior history of GDM and a family history of diabetes, MAFLD remained an independent predictor of GDM development (adjusted OR 2.55, 95% CI 1.43- 4.52, p<0. 01). Conclusions: The detection of MAFLD via FibroScan ® in early-to-mid pregnancy was an independent risk factor for the development of GDM. FibroScan ® is a quick and safe measure to help screen for MAFLD and may further aid in the risk stratification of women at-risk of developing GDM.
Zebrafish in Utero Glucose Exposure Induces Lipid Dysregulation That Is Abrogated by Acetyl CoA Carboxylase or Glycolysis Inhibition; Background and Aim: One in ten pregnancies suffer from Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). GDM exposes fetus to high uterine glucose that causes fetal hyperglycemia. At birth Fetal hyperglycemia results in hypoglycemia, macrosomia, and larger than normal infants and these infants are predisposed to a number of metabolic disorders such as obesity, Type 2 Diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adulthood. Although in-utero glucose exposure provides evidence for fetal lipid dysregulation linked to metabolic disorders in adults, the molecular mechanisms are still unclear. Increase in circulating insulin and glucose are implicated in the enhanced activation of hepatic De novo lipogenesis (DNL) in dyslipidemia, hence, we aim to investigate the potential beneficial effect of the pharmacological inhibition of DNL or glycolysis in our well-characterized zebrafish model of fetal hyperglycemia that mimics the metabolic disorders in human GDM against lipid derangement mediated by excess glucose in embryos in a short term and avoid the long-term outcome of obesity. Methods: We developed a zebrafish model of fetal hyperglycemia by exposing embryos to high glucose (4.5% w/v) during the last day of embryogenesis from 96 to 120 hours post-fertilization (hpf). Glucose level was detected in embryo homogenates by glucometer. Insulin expression was visualized by whole-mount in-situ Hybridization. Gene expression of glycolytic (Hexokinase) and lipogenic [Acetyl-CoA Carboxylase (acca)] markers by RT-qPCR and malonyl CoA levels (product of DNL) by ELISA were also assessed. Lipid accumulation was detected by Oil-Red-O staining (ORO) and quantified by spectrophotometry. Pharmacological intervention using metformin or ND646 (known inhibitors of acca) or 2-Deoxyglucose, 2DG (Known inhibitor of Hexokinase) with glucose for 24hours were utilized to attenuate fetal hyperglycemia-mediated lipid accumulation in embryos. Results: Zebrafish embryos exposed to high glucose for 24 hours are transiently hyperglycemic while normoglycemia is restored 24 hours after removal from glucose media. At 120 hpf embryos exposed to high-glucose demonstrated increased insulin, hexokinase, and acca expression compared to untreated controls. We also observed a significant reduction in malonyl CoA levels in ND 646 and metformin cotreated embryos with glucose compared to controls. Interestingly, quantification of ORO staining revealed a significant increase in lipid deposition in glucose treated embryos compared to controls at 120 hpf (0.2±0.01 vrs 0.13±0.005), which was significantly attenuated in embryos co-treated with glucose and 2-DG- (0.15 ±0.003) or metformin- (0.11±0.007) compared to glucosetreated embryos. Similarly, a moderate reduction in ORO staining was observed in embryos that were co-treated with glucose and ND646 (0.17 ± 0.006). Conclusion and significance: Together our results show that embryonic glucose exposure leads to increased lipid accumulation which can be rescued by blocking glycolysis or de novo lipogenesis. Intervening glycolysis and de novo lipogenesis could be a promising therapeutic approach for modulating fetal hyperglycemia-related lipid dysregulations.
Prevalence of elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) in pregnancy: A cross-sectional labor and delivery-based assessment; Since liver tests are not routinely checked in pregnancy, the prevalence of abnormal liver tests and liver-related abnormalities in pregnancy in a US-based population is not known. We sought to determine the prevalence of abnormal alanine aminotransferase (ALT) among pregnant Individuals who present to labor and delivery for evaluation and to evaluate prevalence of underlying diagnosed liver conditions. Prospective study evaluating liver tests in consecutive samples obtained on the labor and delivery unit. Patient characteristics were compared between those with and without abnormal ALT and those with and without abnormal ALT without a liver-related diagnosis made in clinical practice, using t tests for continuous measures and χ2 or Fisher's exact tests as appropriate for categorical measures. Logistic regression was utilized to identify factors associated with abnormal ALT in this subcohort to determine predictors of abnormal ALT in those without a known liver-related diagnosis. We collected 1024 laboratory specimens from 996 patients. Of these patients, 131 of 996 (13.2%) had elevated ALT ≥25 IU/L
MATERNAL NONALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE AND FETAL HEPATIC STEATOSIS: IS THERE A LINK?; Background: Maternal NAFLD during pregnancy is understudied and its link to early-onset pediatric hepatic steatosis has not been investigated. Our primary objective was to investigate maternal NAFLD as a risk factor for fetal hepatic steatosis. Methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study of mother-fetus dyads in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. This study was IRB-approved and all participants provided written informed consent. Inclusion criteria were age ≥18years, healthy singleton pregnancy, and ≥28weeks gestational age (GA). Women were considered high-risk for NAFLD if they had any of: pre-pregnancy obesity (PPO), excessive weight gain during pregnancy, a diagnosis of gestational diabetes (GDM), or a prior diagnosis of NAFLD. If no risk factors, participants were designated as no-risk. Enrolled participants underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with proton density fat fraction (PDFF) to obtain maternal and fetal hepatic PDFF, placenta PDFF and fetal abdominal wall subcutaneous fat thickness. Fasting labs and 3-day diet recalls were obtained. Generalized linear regression was used to compare fetal hepatic and placenta PDFF separately among the risk groups, based on maternal NAFLD status, controlling for GDM and PPO. Results: Forty participants were included, 34 high-risk and 6 no-risk. In both groups, the majority were non-Hispanic white, and median GA at MRI was 34weeks (IQR 33, 35). Among high-risk women, NAFLD was seen in 18% (n=6/34) with a median liver PDFF of 11% (IQR 7, 15). PPO and GDM prevalence was not different in high-risk women with or without NAFLD. There was no correlation between maternal and fetal liver PDFF (r= -0.12, p=0.44). The fetuses of women with NAFLD had 60% less fat in their livers compared to those of highrisk women without NAFLD (Fig). In high-risk women without NAFLD versus those with NAFLD, the placenta PDFF (1.7% [IQR 0.8, 2.4] vs 1.7% [IQR 1.1, 1.9]) and fetal abdominal wall subcutaneous fat thickness (3.5mm [IQR 3.3, 3.9] vs 3.1mm [IQR 3.0, 3.7]) were not different. Fasting lipid profiles and average daily intake of total energy, fat, omega-3 fatty acids, and added sugars were not different between groups. Linear regression models showed no significant difference in fetal liver and placental PDFF based on maternal NAFLD, GDM or PPO status. Conclusion: Maternal NAFLD is uncommon in high-risk women during pregnancy and may be associated with lower fetal hepatic fat. These findings require further study to understand the underlying mechanisms.
The prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: To determine the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 380 women with GDM had a FibroScan® performed between 24 and 32 weeks. A Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP) ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. Gestational hypertension, pre–eclampsia and eclampsia contributed to a composite of adverse maternal outcomes. A composite of adverse neonatal outcomes included pre–term birth, hypoglycaemia, small/large–for–gestational age and admission to neonatal high dependency. Multiple logistic regression was used to determine independent associations with MAFLD. Results: 147 (38.7 %) women had MAFLD. Higher pre–pregnancy BMI (median 28.4, IQR 24.7–33.0 kg/m2 vs median 24.0, IQR 21.7–26.5 kg/m2, p < 0.01) and rates of insulin therapy (62.2 % vs 40.7 %, p < 0.01) occurred in MAFLD over non–MAFLD women. MAFLD was independently associated with obesity (aOR 4.73 [95 % CI 2.53–8.86]) and insulin therapy (aOR 1.79 [95 % CI 1.12–2.85]). MAFLD and non–MAFLD women had comparable rates of adverse maternal (7.7 % vs 9.5 %, p = 0.56) and neonatal outcomes (75.4 % vs 68.8 %, p = 0.18). Conclusions: Within this GDM cohort, almost 40% had FibroScan®–detected MAFLD in mid–to–late gestation. MAFLD was not associated with worse pregnancy outcomes.
Pregnancy-related liver disease is more common in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander mothers: Targeting an at-risk and unstudied population; Background and Aim: Pregnancy-related liver disease (PRLD), such as intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), pre-eclampsia and/or HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count) syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP), and hyperemesis gravidarum, affect about 3% of pregnancies worldwide. Prevalence of each condition per pregnancy varies (≤0.1% for AFLP, up to 8% for pre-eclampsia/HELLP) and there is ethnic variation (ICP affects 0.7% of European pregnancies but 4% of pregnancies in Indigenous South Americans). There are no published data on the prevalence of PRLD among Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander mothers, despite recognized disparities in maternal health outcomes compared with the non-Indigenous population. Methods: We aimed to quantify the prevalence and incidence of PRLD among Indigenous women receiving antenatal care at our institution. Data regarding patient demographics, pre-existing liver disease, comorbidities, and pregnancy outcomes were obtained from a dedicated semi-prospectively maintained maternity database. Significant associations were identified using Fisher's exact test (categorical variables) and the Mann-Whitney test (continuous variables). The study was approved by our institutional human research ethics committee. Results: Data from 1302 pregnancies from July 2014 to June 2021 were analyzed. Mean ± SD values were obtained for pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI
Gut microbiota in women with gestational diabetes mellitus has potential impact on metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring; Studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to abnormalities in the gut microbiota, and the offspring of these women have an increased risk of diabetes. There is no direct evidence of whether bacteria in women with GDM colonize the intestinal tract of offspring and cause hyperglycemia. In this fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT), pregnant mouse model study, two groups of germ-free (GF) mice after FMT showed different colonization patterns of gut microbiota and phenotype. Compared with the control group (healthy-FMT), we found in the GDM-FMT group as a lower relative abundance of Akkermansia and Faecalibacterium
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero; Purpose: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring’s cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring’s cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. Methods: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother–child cohort. We measured gestational (26–28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a ‘gestational glycemia × breastfeeding’ interaction term. Results: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. Conclusion: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero.
Prenatal Effects of Nicotine on Obesity Risks: A Narrative Review; Nicotine usage by mothers throughout pregnancy has been observed to relate to numerous deleterious effects in children, especially relating to obesity. Children who have prenatally been exposed to nicotine tend to have lower birth weights, with an elevated risk of becoming overweight throughout development and into their adolescent and adult life. There are numerous theories as to how this occurs: catch-up growth theory, thrifty phenotype theory, neurotransmitter or endocrine imbalances theory, and a more recent examination on the genetic factors relating to obesity risk. In addition to the negative effect on bodyweight and BMI, individuals with obesity may also suffer from numerous comorbidities involving metabolic disease. These may include type 1 and 2 diabetes, high cholesterol levels, and liver disease. Predisposition for obesity with nicotine usage may also be associated with genetic risk alleles for obesity, such as the DRD2 A1 variant. This is important for prenatally nicotine-exposed individuals as an opportunity to provide early prevention and intervention of obesity-related risks.
Circular RNAs in diabetes mellitus and its complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is an endocrine disorder characterized by a relative or absolute lack of insulin due to the dysfunction or destruction of β-cells. DM is one of the fastest growing challenges to global health in the 21st century and places a tremendous burden on affected individuals and their families and countries. Although insulin and antidiabetic drugs have been used to treat DM, a radical cure for the disease is unavailable. The pathogenesis of DM remains unclear. Emerging roles of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in DM have become a subject of global research. CircRNAs have been verified to participate in the onset and progression of DM, implying their potential roles as novel biomarkers and treatment tools. In the present review, we briefly introduce the characteristics of circRNAs. Next, we focus on specific roles of circRNAs in type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes-associated complications.
Influence of Gender in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complication; In medicine, there is growing evidence that gender differences are important and lead to variations in the pathophysiology and treatment of many diseases with traits that appear to be particularly relevant in influencing the outcomes of many morbid forms. Today, the inclusion of gender in biomedical research, to improve the scientific quality and scientific relevance of knowledge, of technology is an increasingly present element precisely due to the practical implications that derive from it. Gender differences describe the biological variability between women and men, which is, in turn, related to differences in the information contained in sex chromosomes, the specific gene expression of autosomes linked to sex, the different number and quality of sex hormones, and their different effects on systems and organs, without neglecting the fact that each of the sexes has different target organs on which these hormones act. Additionally, both genders undergo metabolic changes throughout their lives, and this is especially true for women who show more dramatic changes due to their role in reproduction. Gender differences are not only the result of our genetic makeup but are also mixed with socio-cultural habits, behaviors, and lifestyles, differences between women and men, exposure to specific environmental influences, different food and lifestyle styles or stress, or different attitude in compliance with treatments and disease prevention campaigns. Gender differences also affect behavior throughout life, and physical changes can have implications for lifestyle, social roles, and mental health. Therefore, determinism and therapeutic outcome in chronic diseases are influenced by a complex combination of biological and environmental factors, not forgetting that there are many interactions of social and biological factors in women and men. This review will address the role of gender differences in the management of various forms of diabetes and its complications considering the different biological functions of hormones, the difference in body composition, physiological differences in glucose and fat metabolism, also considering the role of the microbiota. intestinal, as well as the description of gestational diabetes linked to possible pathophysiological events typical of reproduction.
Fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy – An observational cohort study; Aims: Non-invasive hepatic steatosis indices can be used to assess the risk for metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This may be helpful to detect metabolic disorders in pregnancy, specifically gestational diabetes (GDM). We aim to examine the association of these indices with parameters of glucose metabolism. Methods: 109 women underwent a metabolic characterization at 16 weeks of gestation and were classified according to the fatty-liver index (FLI) and hepatic-steatosis index (HSI) into low (G1), intermediate (G2) and high risk (G3). At 26 weeks, participants received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to assess insulin action, β-cell function and GDM status. Results: Both MAFLD indices were associated with impaired insulin sensitivity and compensatory increase of insulin release. G3 groups showed impaired insulin action. The higher circulating insulin concentrations were not able to compensate for insulin resistance in women with higher MAFLD scores, resulting in an increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.08, p < 0.001 for FLI). MAFLD scores were associated with fetal overgrowth. Conclusions: Maternal MAFLD represents a high-risk obstetric condition. Hepatic steatosis indices are associated with impaired glucose regulation and may provide a useful tool for early risk assessment for impaired glucose metabolism.
Influence of pregnancy on NAFLD-associated lipidomic signatures; Background and aims: Although NAFLD-associated lipidomic signatures have been defined in the general population, there is limited data on the influence of pregnancy on NAFLD-associated lipidomic changes. In this study, we elucidate the deregulated lipidomic serum landscape of pregnant women with NAFLD. Method: We prospectively screened for NAFLD at 18–22 weeks gestation in pregnant women. Pregnant woman with NAFLD (n = 6) and without NAFLD (n = 7) were matched 1:1 with retrospectively collected cases from non-pregnant woman with and without NAFLD (n = 13) based on age-, BMI- and disease-stage. Lipidomic analysis of serum samples collected under fasting conditions was performed using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, covering lipid species across classes of glycerolipids, glycerophospholipids (phosphatidylinositol, acyl- and ether-linked phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and phosphatidylcholine (PC)), sphingolipids (ceramides, monohexosylceramides and sphingomyelins), fatty acids and sterols (cholesteryl esters, steroids and bile acids). Lipidomic profiles in pregnant females with vs. withoutNAFLD and in pregnant females vs. non-pregnant matched female controls were compared. Results: Pregnant women with NAFLD had higher PE, lysoPE and lower ceramides compared to non-pregnantwomenwith NAFLD (see Figure). Pregnant women with NAFLD had lower triglycerides compared to non-NAFLD pregnant women
Pregnancy as a unique opportunity to identify NAFLD in women: a prospective assessment; Background and aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in U.S. women of reproductive age is rising and recent administrative claims-based data suggest a significant association of NAFLD with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We evaluated the prevalence and associated risk factors of NAFLD at a high-volume obstetrics center. Method: In this prospective study, a liver ultrasound at time of routine pregnancy anatomy scan at 18–22 weeks’ gestation was performed to assess for presence of NAFLD. Obstetric sonographers were trained to obtain liver images thatwere subsequently graded for hepatic steatosis by a radiologist blinded to clinical status. The proportion having elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI) and meeting recently defined metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) criteria was evaluated. A multivariable logistic regression model assessed independent predictors of NAFLD among pregnant women. Results: Among 749 women approached for participation, satisfactory liver ultrasounds were obtained on 560 (75%) pregnant individuals
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes; Objectives: Recently, metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. Materials and Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into three groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. Results: The study population consisted of 1,744 pregnant women, including 1,523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03
Automated Machine Learning (AutoML)-Derived Preconception Predictive Risk Model to Guide Early Intervention for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; The increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is contributing to the rising global burden of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and intergenerational cycle of chronic metabolic dis-orders. Primary lifestyle interventions to manage GDM, including second trimester dietary and exercise guidance, have met with limited success due to late implementation, poor adherence and generic guidelines. In this study, we aimed to build a preconception-based GDM predictor to enable early intervention. We also assessed the associations of top predictors with GDM and adverse birth outcomes. Our evolutionary algorithm-based automated machine learning (AutoML) model was implemented with data from 222 Asian multi-ethnic women in a preconception cohort study, Singapore Preconception Study of Long-Term Maternal and Child Outcomes (S-PRESTO). A stacked ensemble model with a gradient boosting classifier and linear support vector machine classifier (stochastic gradient descent training) was derived using genetic programming, achieving an excel-lent AUC of 0.93 based on four features (glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), mean arterial blood pressure, fasting insulin, triglycerides/HDL ratio). The results of multivariate logistic regression model showed that each 1 mmol/mol increase in preconception HbA1c was positively associated with increased risks of GDM (p = 0.001, odds ratio (95% CI) 1.34 (1.13–1.60)) and preterm birth (p = 0.011, odds ratio 1.63 (1.12–2.38)). Optimal control of preconception HbA1c may aid in preventing GDM and reducing the incidence of preterm birth. Our trained predictor has been deployed as a web application that can be easily employed in GDM intervention programs, prior to conception.
Genetic Obesity in Children: Overview of Possible Diagnoses with a Focus on SH2B1 Deletion; Introduction: Genetic obesity is rare and quite challenging for pediatricians in terms of early identification. Src-homology-2 (SH2) B adapter protein 1 (SH2B1) is an important component in the leptin-melanocortin pathway and is found to play an important role in leptin and insulin signaling and therefore in the pathogenesis of obesity and diabetes. Microdeletions in chromosome 16p11.2, encompassing the SH2B1 gene, are known to be associated with obesity, insulin resistance, hyperphagia, and developmental delay. The aim of our study is to report on a case series of young individuals with 16p11.2 microdeletions, including the SH2B1 gene, and provide detailed information on body mass index (BMI) development and obesity-associated comorbidities. In this way, we want to raise awareness of this syndromic form of obesity as a differential diagnosis of genetic obesity. Methods: We describe the phenotype of 7 children (3 male
Early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children; Background: Research is beginning to implicate early life characteristics in the development of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, however the relationship with perinatal characteristics is poorly understood. Aims: We evaluated the association between perinatal characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. Study design: Nested case-control study. Subjects: 5104 children born in Quebec, Canada between 2006 and 2019. Exposures included maternal diabetes, obesity, prematurity, and other birth complications. Outcome measures: The outcome was nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed in hospital before 14 years of age. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between birth characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Results: A total of 104 children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were included. Gestational diabetes (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.15–4.10), preexisting diabetes (OR 5.75, 95% CI 2.67–12.4), and maternal obesity (OR 3.06, 95% CI 1.71–5.45) were associated with childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Prematurity (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.06–3.54) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.10–4.33) were also associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. However, there was no association with low birthweight, small-for-gestational age birth, and macrosomia. Conclusions: Maternal metabolic disorders and prematurity may initiate processes early in life that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood.
Heart health in polycystic ovary syndrome: time to act on the data; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), first described over 80 years ago, is a chronic condition with gynecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. Both hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance are associated with the high prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors described in this population. Although robust data in reproductive-age women demonstrate a high rate of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and metabolic syndrome, studies show mixed results in the adolescent and menopausal age groups. There is emerging evidence to support an association between PCOS and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnea, conditions known to influence cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes. Studies from different world regions show an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by a variety of modalities, especially in reproductive-age women. Similarly, there is increasing evidence for a higher prevalence of CVD events, such as stroke, myocardial infarction, and ischemic heart disease. Over the past decade, a number of medical society guidelines have recommended screening women with PCOS for cardiometabolic risk factors for the primary prevention of CVD. This series of Views and Reviews highlights the urgency to implement these guidelines and invest in identifying newer therapies for comprehensively managing the symptoms of PCOS while lowering long-term cardiometabolic risk.
OUTCOMES IN INFANTS BORN TO MOTHERS WITH AND WITHOUT NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease in the United States, affecting 10-15% of pregnant women. Emerging data suggest that infants born to mothers with NAFLD have higher risk of adverse neonatal outcomes, such as preterm birth and large size for gestational age. However, data on long-term outcomes are limited. We evaluated infants born to mothers with (and without) NAFLD in pregnancy throughout the first year of life. Methods: Subjects were identified through an ongoing prospective study of pregnant women with and without NAFLD. Electronic health records for neonatal, six month, and one year outcomes were reviewed. If pediatric care continued outside the health system, phone consent was obtained from mothers to collect data. The primary outcome was growth in the first year of life, defined as weight and weight percentiles at birth, six months, and one year. Secondary outcomes included APGAR score, NICU admission, neonatal complications, and achievement of developmental milestones at six months and one year. Outcomes in infants of mothers with NAFLD were compared to infants of mothers without NAFLD. Results: We identified 536 infants born to mothers who were assessed for NAFLD on liver ultrasound. We obtained neonatal data for 486 infants (73 [15%] maternal NAFLD), six month data for 202 infants (32 [16%] maternal NAFLD), and one year data for 155 infants (25 [16%] maternal NAFLD). Maternal NAFLD was positively associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI > 25 (p<0.001), increased BMI at delivery (p<0.001), pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (p<0.001), and gestational diabetes mellitus (p=0.024). Maternal NAFLD was not associated with a significant difference in gestational age at delivery (271 vs 273 days, p=0.143), birth weight (3.15 vs 3.18 kg, p= 0.192) or weight-for-gestational-age percentile (50 vs 42, p=0.133). Maternal NAFLD was also not associated with a difference in weight or weight-for-length percentile at six months (7.79 vs 8.05 kg, p=0.576
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health; Purpose of reviewTo review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes.Recent findingsIt is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards.SummaryThe long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring; BACKGROUND Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver.
The epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of Qatar; Objectives: To describe the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological aspects of youth with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Patients under 18 year of age with type 2 diabetes were recruited from 2018 to 2020, clinical data collected, autoantibodies (GAD65, IAA, IA2 and ZnT8), insulin, ALT and c-peptide were measured. Hepatic ultrasound was performed for assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Results: 104 patients were identified. The incidence in 2020 and prevalence per 100,000 was 2.51 and 23.7, respectively. The age of onset was between 8.5 and 18 years with 74% of the patients being of Qatari nationality. Males were more affected than females (1.5/1). Overweight/obesity was present in 98% of all the patients, a positive family history (either both parents or a single parent) in 71% and maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 60% of patients. More than 90% of the patients had acanthosis nigricans. 5 patients had 1 autoantibody positivity and hepatic ultrasound detected evidence of NAFLD in majority of patients. Conclusion: Obesity, maternal GDM and family history of diabetes were the key risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. Autoantibody positivity may be present in youth type 2 diabetes. As youth type 2 diabetes is associated with early onset microvascular and macrovascular complications, these findings have important social and health budget implications for Qatar. Tackling the burden of maternal GDM and childhood obesity and building programmes for early detection and intervention, are therefore, essential to reduce the risk of future complications.
Adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice; Aims/hypothesis: Obesity and hepatic steatosis are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy. Adiponectin is a fat-derived hormone that improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity. Low levels of circulating adiponectin are associated with GDM development. We hypothesised that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, contributing to the development of GDM. Methods: To determine the role of adiponectin in fatty liver development during pregnancy, we compared pregnant (third week of pregnancy) adiponectin knockout (KO) mice (strain B6
Maternal and Perinatal Risk Factors for Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review; Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common pediatric liver disease. The intrauterine and early life environment can have an important impact on long-term metabolic health. We investigated the impact of maternal prepregnancy obesity, (pre)gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and birth anthropometrics/preterm birth on the development of NAFLD in children and adolescents. Methods: A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, EMBASE, and grey literature databases through August 2020. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pediatric NAFLD, whereas the histologic severity of steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis were secondary outcomes. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were performed by 2 independent reviewers. Results: Our systematic review included 33 articles. Study heterogeneity regarding patient populations, diagnostic tools, and overall quality was considerable. Eight studies determined the impact of maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity and identified this as a possible modifiable risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. Conversely, 8 studies investigated (pre)gestational diabetes, yet the evidence on its impact is conflicting. Breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk for NAFLD, steatohepatitis, and fibrosis, especially in studies that evaluated longer periods of breastfeeding. Being born preterm or small for gestational age has an unclear impact on the development of NAFLD, although an early catch-up growth might drive NAFLD. Conclusions: In a systematic review, we found that maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of pediatric NAFLD. Breastfeeding might be protective against the development of NAFLD when the duration of breastfeeding is sufficiently long (≥6 months).
The Epidemiology and Mechanisms of Lifetime Cardiopulmonary Morbidities Associated With Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions in the last few decades. The global increase in obesity has contributed to an increase in the number of pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or with excessive gestational weight gain. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of maternal co-morbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension. Both obesity during pregnancy and its associated complications are not only associated with immediate adverse outcomes for the mother and their newborns during the perinatal period but, more importantly, are linked with long-term morbidities in the offsprings. Neonates born to women with obesity are at higher risk for cardiac complications including cardiac malformations, and non-structural cardiac issues such as changes in the microvasculature, e.g., elevated systolic blood pressure, and overt systemic hypertension. Pulmonary diseases associated with maternal obesity include respiratory distress syndrome, asthma during childhood and adolescence, and adulthood diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Sequelae of short-term complications compound long-term outcomes such as long-term obesity, hypertension later in life, and metabolic complications including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to explain these adverse outcomes and are related to the emerging knowledge of pathophysiology of obesity in adults. The best investigated ones include the role of obesity-mediated metabolic alterations and systemic inflammation. There is emerging evidence linking metabolic and immune derangements to altered biome, and alteration in epigenetics as one of the intermediary mechanisms underlying the adverse outcomes. These are initiated as part of fetal adaptation to obesity during pregnancy which are compounded by rapid weight gain during infancy and early childhood, a known complication of obesity during pregnancy. This newer evidence points toward the role of specific nutrients and changes in biome that may potentially modify the adverse outcomes observed in the offsprings of women with obesity.
Recent Advances in Understanding Nrf2 Agonism and Its Potential Clinical Application to Metabolic and Inflammatory Diseases; Oxidative stress is a major component of cell damage and cell fat, and as such, it occupies a central position in the pathogenesis of metabolic disease. Nuclear factor-erythroid-derived 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), a key transcription factor that coordinates expression of genes encoding antioxidant and detoxifying enzymes, is regulated primarily by Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1). However, involvement of the Keap1–Nrf2 pathway in tissue and organism homeostasis goes far beyond protection from cellular stress. In this review, we focus on evidence for Nrf2 pathway dysfunction during development of several metabolic/inflammatory disorders, including diabetes and diabetic complications, obesity, inflammatory bowel disease, and autoimmune diseases. We also review the beneficial role of current molecular Nrf2 agonists and summarize their use in ongoing clinical trials. We conclude that Nrf2 is a promising target for regulation of numerous diseases associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. However, more studies are needed to explore the role of Nrf2 in the pathogenesis of metabolic/inflammatory diseases and to review safety implications before therapeutic use in clinical practice.
Beneficial Effects of Probiotics in Some of the Important Human Disorders: A narrative review; Probiotics were first proposed by Metchnikoff as contributing factors to health. These living microorganisms, which mainly belong to the microflora bacteria of the gastrointestinal tract, can have beneficial effects on human health if consumed in moderation. The most studied probiotics are lactic acid bacteria, which include Lactobacillus and Bifidobacteria. The present study is an overview of some studies conducted on the effects of using probiotics and their possible patterns in the prevention or reduction of certain human diseases and disorders. The available data suggest that probiotics can play a role in improving constipation and liver enzymes level and functions, and have significant effects on rooting and improving the symptoms of Helicobacter pylori. It was concluded that probiotics have positive effects in metabolic syndrome treatment, preventing gestational diabetes, and improving oral health. Since many probiotics are microorganisms familiar to the gastrointestinal tract, if consumed in moderation, there are no side effects for the host. Using them as complementary therapies for some diseases related to the gastrointestinal tract microflora bacteria can be an effective and low-cost approach to alleviating the annoying symptoms of such diseases.
The Origins of NAFLD: The Potential Implication of Intrauterine Life and Early Postnatal Period; Fetal life and the first few months after birth represent a plastic age, defined as a “window of opportunity”, as the organism is particularly susceptible to environmental pressures and has to adapt to environmental conditions. Several perturbations in pregnancy, such as excessive weight gain, obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus and an inadequate or high-fat diet, have been associated with long-term metabolic consequences in offspring, even without affecting birth weight. Moreover, great interest has also been focused on the relationship between the gut microbiome of early infants and health status in later life. Consistently, in various epidemiological studies, a condition of dysbiosis has been associated with an increased inflammatory response and metabolic alterations in the host, with important consequences on the intestinal and systemic health of the unborn child. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the origins of NAFLD, with particular attention to the potential implications of intrauterine life and the early postnatal period. Due to the well-known association between gut microbiota and the risk of NAFLD, a specific focus will be devoted to factors affecting early microbiota formation/composition.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 19 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Fetal Growth; Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) has been implicated in glucose homeostasis. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enhances fetal insulin secretion and fetal growth. Girls weigh less and are more insulin resistant than boys at birth. We sought to assess whether FGF19 is associated with GDM and fetal growth and explore potential sex dimorphic associations. This was a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, including 153 pairs of newborns of GDM versus euglycemic mothers matched by infant’s sex and gestational age at birth. Cord plasma FGF19, insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I and IGF-II concentrations were measured. Cord plasma FGF19 concentrations were similar in GDM versus euglycemic pregnancies (mean ± SD: 43.5 ± 28.2 versus 44.5 ± 30.2 pg/mL, P=0.38). FGF19 was not correlated with IGF-I or IGF-II. FGF19 concentrations were positively correlated with birth weight (r=0.23, P=0.01) and length (r=0.21, P=0.02) z scores, C-peptide (r=0.27, P=0.002) and proinsulin (r=0.27, P=0.002) concentrations in females. Each SD increment in cord plasma FGF19 was associated with a 0.25 (0.07-0.43) increase in birth weight z score in females. In contrast, FGF19 was not correlated with birth weight or length in males. These sex dimorphic associations remained after adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics. The study is the first to demonstrate that GDM does not matter for cord blood FGF19 concentrations. The female specific positive correlation between FGF19 and birth weight is suggestive of a sex-dimorphic role of FGF19 in fetal growth. The observations call for more studies to validate the novel findings and elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Identification of potential lncRNAs and co-expressed mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus by RNA sequencing; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus is common during pregnancy, impacting maternal health and fetal development. The aim of this study was to identify potential long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) and mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: The placenta tissues from four women patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and three healthy pregnant women were used for RNA sequencing. Differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs were obtained. Then, interaction networks of lncRNA-nearby targeted mRNA and lncRNA-co-expressed mRNA were constructed, followed by functional annotation of co-expressed mRNAs. Third, GSE51546 dataset was utilized to validate the expression of selected co-expressed mRNAs. In addition, in vitro experiment was applied to expression validation of lncRNAs and mRNAs. Finally, GSE70493 dataset was utilized for diagnostic analysis of selected co-expressed mRNAs. Results: A total of 78 differentially expressed lncRNAs and 647 differentially expressed mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus were obtained. Several interaction pairs of lncRNA-co-expressed mRNA including LINC01504-CASP8, FUT8-AS1-TLR5/GDF15, GATA2-AS1-PQLC3/KIAA2026, and EGFR-AS1-HLA-G were identified. Endocytosis (involved HLA-G) and toll-like receptor signaling pathway (involved TLR5 and CASP8) were remarkably enriched signaling pathways of co-expressed mRNAs. It is noted that CASP8, TLR5, and PQLC3 had a significant prognosis value for gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Our study identified several differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs, and their interactions, especially co-expression, may be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a part of the metabolic syndrome and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether unexplained elevated ALT in early pregnancy has any effect in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. In this study, the relationship between birth weights of LGA babies and babies with normal weight for gestational age (AGA) and ALT values measured in early pregnancy was evaluated. While a positive, moderately strong, statistically significant correlation was found between infant birth weight and ALT levels in LGA babies this correlation was continued when GDM was not detected and ALT levels were below 36 U/L. Foetal macrosomia, which can develop in advanced gestational weeks, can be predicted with this cheap, easy and simple method that can be checked in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be shaped accordingly.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? It is suggested that asymptomatic high ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What do the results of this study add? Asymptomatic elevated ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Macrosomic foetus development can be predicted with abnormal results obtained with this simple, cheap and easy measurement method measured in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be managed accordingly.
Metabolic Syndrome: Updates on Pathophysiology and Management in 2021; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) forms a cluster of metabolic dysregulations including insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, central obesity, and hypertension. The pathogenesis of MetS encompasses multiple genetic and acquired entities that fall under the umbrella of insulin resistance and chronic low-grade inflammation. If left untreated, MetS is significantly associated with an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Given that CVDs constitute by far the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, it has become essential to investigate the role played by MetS in this context to reduce the heavy burden of the disease. As such, and while MetS relatively constitutes a novel clinical entity, the extent of research about the disease has been exponentially growing in the past few decades. However, many aspects of this clinical entity are still not completely understood, and many questions remain unanswered to date. In this review, we provide a historical background and highlight the epidemiology of MetS. We also discuss the current and latest knowledge about the histopathology and pathophysiology of the disease. Finally, we summarize the most recent updates about the management and the prevention of this clinical syndrome.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the association with pregnancy outcomes; Background/Aims: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Twenty-two studies, with 13,641 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 6.00
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods; Background/Aims: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. Methods: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10–14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors
Is chronic liver disease a risk factor for preeclampsia?; Objective: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder of unknown cause that is unique to human gestation, and is known to be characterized by abnormal vascular response to placentation, associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. Liver involvement as one of the main clinical severe features of preeclampsia, led us to examine a possible association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. Study Design: A retrospective analysis of 311 women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson's disease, and cirrhosis, compared to 933 healthy women (control group) matched by age, parity, and number of fetuses. Primary outcome was defined as the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcomes were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Results: Twenty-eight (9%) women in the study group and thirty-three (3.54%) women in the control group were diagnosed with preeclampsia (Odds ratio [OR] 2.69, 95% Confidence interval [CI] 1.603-4.544). Using a multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, we found that chronic liver disease was an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (adjusted OR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518-4.561). Women in the study group had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (18.01% vs. 9.11%, p< 0.001), and a lower mean newborn weight (3088±551.80 grams vs. 3182.41±grams, p=0.011) as well. All other parameters did not defer between the groups. Conclusion: In our cohort, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk for preeclampsia.
Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease as a Predictor for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Primigravida Women – A Prospective Cohort Study; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly associated with type-2 diabetes mellitus. NAFLD in pregnant women may predispose them to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Aims: We studied the prevalence of NAFLD and its association with GDM in southern Indian pregnant women. We also assessed the relationship of serum adiponectin level and Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) value with NAFLD in pregnancy. Methods: Consecutive primigravida women in the first trimester attending our obstetric clinic between August 2019 and March 2021 were screened for NAFLD using liver ultrasound. Those with pre-existing diabetes, chronic liver disease, multiple pregnancy, or a history of alcohol consumption were excluded. Two groups with (group 1) and without (group 2) evidence of NAFLD had serum adiponectin and HOMA-IR estimation in the first trimester, and glucose-tolerance-test for GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. The association between NAFLD in pregnancy and the development of GDM was assessed by multiple logistic regression. Results: Of the 504 women screened, 23.1% (n=116
Gut microbiota in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy; Gut microbiota (GM) is a micro-ecosystem composed of all microorganisms in the human intestine. The interaction between GM and the host plays an important role in maintaining normal physiological functions in the host. Dysbiosis of the GM may cause various diseases. GM has been demonstrated to be associated with human health and disease, and changes during individual development and disease. Pregnancy is a complicated physiological process. Hormones, the immune system, metabolism, and GM undergo drastic changes during pregnancy. Gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy, such as hepatitis, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and pre-eclampsia, can affect both maternal and fetal health. The dysregulation of GM during pregnancy may lead to a variety of diseases, including gastrointestinal diseases. Herein, we review recent research articles on GM in pregnancy-related gastrointestinal diseases, discuss the interaction of the GM with the host under normal physiological conditions, gastrointestinal diseases, and pregnancy-specific disorders. As more attention is paid to reproductive health, the pathogenic mechanism of GM in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy will be further studied to provide a theoretical basis for the use of probiotics to treat these diseases.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases
A case of monogenic diabetes mellitus caused by a novel heterozygous RFX6 nonsense mutation in a 14-year-old girl; Objectives: Monogenic diabetes mellitus (DM) is a single gene disorder, primarily characterized by impairment in the development or function of pancreatic beta cells. Case presentation: A 14-year-old girl was initially diagnosed with type 2 DM. The patient did not have any anti-islet autoantibody and showed acanthosis nigricans. She was managed with long-acting insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent, but HbA1c was still 9.3% after 1 year of management. Her mother already had type 2 DM at 46-year-old and was on medication. Under the possibility of familial monogenic DM, targeted exome sequencing was performed which included 29 genes associated with monogenic DM. Nonsense mutation of the gene RFX6 (c.2661T>A, p.Tyr887∗) was found. After adding Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, HbA1c improved from 8.8 to 6.8% and body mass index (BMI) also improved from 31.0 to 29.2 kg/m2. Conclusions: It may be worth investigating genetic etiology in early-onset autoantibody-negative DM for specific genetic diagnosis and better management.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring; Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84
Aberrant dna methylation mediates the transgenerational risk of metabolic and chronic disease due to maternal obesity and overnutrition; Maternal obesity is a rapidly evolving universal epidemic leading to acute and long-term medical and obstetric health issues, including increased maternal risks of gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and the future risks for offspring’s predisposition to metabolic diseases. Epigenetic modification, in particular DNA methylation, represents a mechanism whereby environmental effects impact on the phenotypic expression of human disease. Maternal obesity or overnutrition contributes to the alterations in DNA methylation during early life which, through fetal programming, can predispose the offspring to many metabolic and chronic diseases, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. This review aims to summarize findings from human and animal studies, which support the role of maternal obesity in fetal programing and the potential benefit of altering DNA methylation to limit maternal obesity related disease in the offspring.
Long non-coding RNAs in metabolic disorders: pathogenetic relevance and potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets; Background: It has been suggested that dysregulation of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) could be associated with the incidence and development of metabolic disorders. Aim: Accordingly, this narrative review described the molecular mechanisms of lncRNAs in the development of metabolic diseases including insulin resistance, diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cirrhosis, and coronary artery diseases (CAD). Furthermore, we investigated the up-to-date findings on the association of deregulated lncRNAs in the metabolic disorders, and potential use of lncRNAs as biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Conclusion: LncRNAs/miRNA/regulatory proteins axis plays a crucial role in progression of metabolic disorders and may be used in development of therapeutic and diagnostic approaches.
Trend research of vitamin D receptor: Bibliometric analysis; Studies on vitamin D receptor (VDR) and its association with multiple disorders are expanding. This bibliometric study aims to find and summarize VDR-related publications, and compare them across various countries, organizations, and journals to demonstrate trends in VDR research. VOSviewer and Excel 2019 were used to classify and summarize Web of Science articles from 1900 to mid-2021. Total records of 8762 articles were analyzed, and maps of co-citations bibliometric keywords co-occurrence were designed. In conclusion, relative research interest and published papers related to VDR were growing in the past 30 years. The United States of America dominates the research regarding VDR. The highest quality of VDR research was achieved by the University of California System, University of Wisconsin System, and Harvard University. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol, PLoS One, and J Biol Chem are the leading three productive journals on VDR. Various aspects of vitamin D deficiency associated disorders and genetic studies regarding VDR, including single nucleotide polymorphism, gene variants, epigenome, long non-coding ribonucleic acid (lncRNA), and small nucleolar RNA host gene 6 are potentially the recent research hotspot in this field. Moreover, coronavirus disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, gut microbiota, gestational diabetes, systemic sclerosis, and chemoresistance are the trending medical conditions associated with VDR.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) in pregnancy; Background: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with NAFLD has been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with both maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. A MeSH term search was conducted using topic search of NAFLD, Pregnancy, maternal and fetal outcomes as well as using a keyword search via Medline, Embase and Cochrane Library. We used a randomeffects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Fourteen studies, with 12377 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of pre-pregnancy Diabetes Mellitus (OR= 8.87, 95% CI: 3.98-19.78
Selenium supplementation and oxidative stress: A review; Background: Oxidative stress is defined as an imbalance between the production of oxidants (free radicals or reactive oxygen species) and their eradication by protective mechanisms, such as antioxidants (vitamin C, vitamin E, b-carotene, selenium and methionine). Increased oxidative stress is associated with metabolic risk factors and may contribute to the development of several obesity-related comorbidities, including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and atherosclerosis. Methods: The present review aimed to evaluate the effects of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers. We have searched PubMed, Scopus, ISI web of science, Embase and the Cochrane library databases were searched to evaluate the clinical efficacy. Results: We detected 14 studies that evaluated the effect of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers n adults. Conclusions: Several studies have shown that Supplementation with selenium significantly reduce Malondialdehyde levels and increase Glutathione and total antioxidant capacity levels.
The interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. Epidemiological studies have reported that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and a high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration are risk factors for GDM in the middle trimester. However, no consistent conclusions have been reached, especially in Chinese pregnant women. A case-control study was conducted to better understand the associations between NAFLD and Hb concentration in the first trimester and the risk of GDM and their interactive effects. Multivariable logistic regression analysis and a cross-product term of Hb and steatosis were used to evaluate the associations between first trimester Hb concentration, steatosis, and GDM and their interactive effects. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using two-sided statistical tests at an alpha level of 0.05. For the study, 1,017 normal pregnant women, and 343 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM (25.22%) were recruited from the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Shanxi Province, China. NAFLD-associated steatosis was found to be independent risk factors for developing GDM compared with grade 0 steatosis, with ORs of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.35- 2.89) and 2.27 (95% CI:1.29-3.96), respectively. Meanwhile, a high Hb concentration was found to be a risk factor for developing GDM compared with the normal Hb concentration (OR = 1.88
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy: A systematic review with meta-analysis; Background and Aim: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. We aimed to determine the level of evidence associated with both maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current, or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals. Results: Fourteen studies, with 12 377 female patients with NAFLD, were reviewed. Patients with NAFLD had a statistically significantly increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 5.79
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in U.S. women; Background and aims: The aim of this study is to investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods: This is an analysis of data from the 2017-2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age ≥20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Hepatic steatosis and fibrosis were diagnosed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. Results: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7-13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI and waist circumference, a higher prevalence of T2D, lower systolic blood pressure and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p=0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p=0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, γ-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48-5.93, p<0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, but previous GDM showed a neutral effect. Conclusion: The results of this analysis confirm that women with GDM should be screened and followed for the development of T2D, but those that do not go on to develop T2D might not experience a poor hepatic prognosis.
Longitudinal associations of total and trunk fat in childhood and adolescence and risk of hepatic steatosis at 24 years; Background: The importance of body fat distribution in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Objective: To examine whether total and truncal fat deposition patterns in childhood/adolescence are associated with NAFLD risk at 24 years. Methods: Data were from 1657 participants in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children. Transient elastography was used to assess hepatic steatosis (low/moderate/severe) at 24 years and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to assess total body fat percent (TBF%) and trunk fat percent (TrF%) at 9, 13, 15, 17, and/or 24 years. Linear mixed models were constructed with quadratic age to examine trajectories of TBF% and TrF% by steatosis at 24 years, adjusting for confounders. Results: In both sexes, TBF% trajectories from 9 to 24 years followed a similar pattern based on steatosis group (P =.83 for boys and P =.14 for girls for age2*steatosis fixed effect). However, at all ages TBF% was higher for moderate/severe vs low steatosis at 24 years (P <.05). In contrast, TrF% trajectories diverged based on steatosis group (P =.001 for boys and P =.0002 for girls for age2*steatosis fixed effect), such that, in both sexes, participants with moderate/severe steatosis at 24 yrs exhibited less decline in TrF% from adolescence to adulthood compared to participants with low steatosis at 24 yrs. Similar to TBF%, TrF% was higher at nearly all ages for moderate/severe vs low steatosis. Results were similar after adjusting for BMI category at each age, except in boys some differences for TrF% were attenuated. Conclusions: These findings suggest that sex-specific body fat distribution patterns in childhood/adolescence may help to identify those at risk of developing NAFLD in adulthood.
Roles of microRNAs in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders and their therapeutic potential; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small (∼21 nucleotides), endogenous, non-coding RNA molecules implicated in the post-transcriptional gene regulation performed through target mRNA cleavage or translational inhibition. In recent years, several investigations have demonstrated that miRNAs are involved in regulating both carbohydrate and lipid homeostasis in humans and other organisms. Moreover, it has been observed that the dysregulation of these metabolism-related miRNAs leads to the development of several metabolic disorders, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia. Hence, in this current review, with the aim to impulse the research arena of the micro-transcriptome implications in vital metabolic pathways as well as to highlight the remarkable potential of miRNAs as therapeutic targets for metabolic disorders in humans, we provide an overview of the regulatory roles of metabolism-associated miRNAs in humans and murine models.
A case of dichorionic diamniotic (DD) twin pregnancy that led to a diagnosis of diabetes insipidus with a background of acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP); Background] The frequency of gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) has been reported to be 2~4/100,000 pregnancies. Acute fatty liver of pregnancya AFLP) is also more likely to be encoun-tered in these cases. Since both are rare diseases, this relation-ship may be easily missed.. Case] A 30-year-old 3 gravida 2 para Japanese woman was referred to our hospital at 36 weeks of ges-tation for management of dichorionic diamniotica DD) twin preg-nancy. Despite an uneventful first 2 trimesters, the patient had become aware of polyuria and general fatigue at 33 weeks of gestation, which gradually progressed for over 2 weeks. She was hospitalized for severe dehydration and mild liver dysfunction. Treatment for dehydration was started. On the day after admis-sion, polyuria of 4,300 mL/day, very low urine osmolalitya 75 Osm/L) , and hepatorenal deterioration were observed. Consid-ering the possibility of transient secondary DI from altered vasopressinase clearance because of hepatic dysfunction, we im-mediately performed an emergency cesarian section. A few hours postoperatively, the patient showed coagulopathy and ex-acerbation of hepatorenal function, and we diagnosed AFLP as 6 of the Swansea criteria were satisfied. Coagulopathy and hepatorenal function improved within a few days, but urine volume did not decrease. Oral medicine of desmopressin was used, and currently, outpatient treatment for central DI is being contin-ued.. Conclusion] While evaluating polyuria during pregnancy, we should consider the existence of critical conditions associ-ated with liver dysfunction, such as AFLP. Furthermore, it is important that these patients receive proper intensive care and appropriate judgment for termination of pregnancy.
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in U.S. Women; Aim: To investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. Methods: This is a population-based cross-sectional study based on data from the 2017–2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age ≥ 20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. Results: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7–13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI, a higher prevalence of T2D and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p = 0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, γ-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48–5.93, p < 0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, while previous GDM showed a neutral effect. Conclusions: Women with previous GDM that do not develop overt T2D might not experience a poor hepatic prognosis.
A Prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth; Objectives: To identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF), a measure of liver fat content and risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in a prospective study of 397 multi-ethnic youth. Methods: We obtained information on habitual dietary intake via the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 6 to 15 years (‘T1’) and 12 to 19 years (‘T2’), and measured HFF using magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We derived dietary patterns via principal components analysis and examined associations with ln-transformed HFF using linear regression models that accounted for maternal education, gestational diabetes exposure and smoking habits
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/Introduction: This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of and factors associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Indian women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study (2018–2019) enrolled women with and without prior GDM. Study participants underwent detailed assessments, including relevant medical, obstetric and demographic details
The prevalence of metabolic associated fatty liver detected by FibroScan® in women with gestational diabetes in a multiethnic population; Aims: Metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and has been increasingly associated with gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the prevalence of MAFLD in women with GDM in the antenatal period. Methods: 108 pregnant women with GDM diagnosed on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test were enrolled from a multiethnic cohort attending a large obstetrics clinic in Sydney, Australia and had a single FibroScan® assessment after 24 weeks gestation to assess for hepatic steatosis and fibrosis. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) cut-off score of ≥ 233.5 dB/m was chosen to signify presence of hepatic steatosis which indicates MAFLD. Obstetric, anthropometric and metabolic measures were analysed. Results: 29 (26.9%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD, whilst none had evidence of hepatic fibrosis. Increased maternal BMI (aOR 1.12, 95% CI: 1.04–1.20) was associated with the finding of MAFLD in this cohort. Conclusions: We found a significant antenatal prevalence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in this cohort of multiethnic women with GDM. FibroScan® is a safe and rapid assessment tool which may have a role in screening for MAFLD in pregnancy in appropriate at-risk women.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
The current and potential therapeutic use of metformin—the good old drug; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
390 Prediction of gestational diabetes in the first trimester using machine learning-based methods; Objective: Early prediction of gestational diabetes (GDM) can help to develop preventive strategies, and guidelines traditionally recommended high-risk factors [Conventional risk factors in ACOG]. In 2017, the ACOG recommended new criteria, but not universally adopted [New risk factors in ACOG]. Recently, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was suggested as a risk factor for metabolic complications but has not been fully evaluated in prediction model for GDM. In the current study, we aimed to develop early prediction model for GDM using machine learning-based methods and to evaluate whether addition of NAFLD-associated variables would increase the model performance. Study Design: This is a secondary analysis from the prospective NAFLD pregnancy cohort. Pregnant women were evaluated for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks and was screened for GDM at 24-28 weeks. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction model for GDM in four settings [Setting 1,2,3, and 4], and we also selected top 11 important variables using stepwise variable selection method [Setting 5] (Table). The study population was divided into training: test set (2:1 ratio) and the prediction model developed from training set was evaluated in the test set. Logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural network were used to construct the prediction model. Results: A total of 1443 women were included, and 86 women (5.96%) was diagnosed as GDM. The performance of prediction model was highest in [Setting 4] among Settings 1-4, demonstrating that the addition of NAFLD-associated variables improved the prediction model performance. In addition, the model with 11 important variables [Setting 5] showed similar accuracy with [Setting 4] (Table and Figure). Overall, we could suggest the final model derived from 11 important variables constructed by random forest algorithm. Conclusion: We developed early prediction model for GDM using machine learning-based method. The proposed model needs to be evaluated in further prospective studies. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Treatment and diagnosis changes polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovarian syndrome is at the present a well-known disease disturb-ing 6% to 25% of women of reproductive age, based on their interpretation. Over the past three decades, research has led to it becoming a disease more common to internal medicine procedures, from relative medical obscurity. It impacts many processes and allows for an advanced health care approach for successful diagnosis. Metabolic disorders and related complications include insulin and diabetic resistance, hyperlipidemia, elevated blood pressure, fatty liver syndrome and sleep apnea. Oligo-/amenorrhea, endometrial hyperpla-sia and cancer are all reproductive complications. Depression and disordered behavior are both linked to psychosocial problems. Cosmetic problems may include hirsutism, androgenic alopecia and acne. The diagnosis of PCOS takes place only if the patients have at least 2 of the 3 symptoms, namely high (High Androgen level, Presence of ovarian cysts and Irregular Periods). Diagnosis is confirmed following a pelvic exam, blood tests along with an ultrasound to determine the structure of the ovaries. This analysis addresses the mnemonic ”MY PCOS” in a multiple system approach and explores the diagnosis and therapeutic strategies for developmental, cosmetic and metabolic complica-tions. This paper gives an analysis of polycystic ovary syndrome treatment for females. The debate must emphasize the various particular issue to be dealt with in the management of this situation mnemoic ”MY PCOS”.
Enhancing oxygenation of patients with coronavirus disease 2019: Effects on immunity and other health-related conditions; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) distresses the pulmonary system causing acute respiratory distress syndrome, which might lead to death. There is no cure for COVID-19 infection. COVID-19 is a self-limited infection, and the methods that can enhance immunity are strongly required. Enhancing oxygenation is one safe and effective intervention to enhance immunity and pulmonary functions. This review deliberates the probable influences of enhancing oxygenation on immunity and other health-connected conditions in patients with COVID-19. An extensive search was conducted through Web of Science, Scopus, Medline databases, and EBSCO for the influence of enhancing oxygenation on immunity, pulmonary functions, psycho-immune hormones, and COVID-19 risk factors. This search included clinical trials and literature and systematic reviews. This search revealed that enhancing oxygenation has a strong effect on improving immunity and pulmonary functions and psycho-immune hormones. Also, enhancing oxygenation has a self-protective role counter to COVID-19 risk factors. Lastly, this search revealed the recommended safe and effective exercise protocol to enhance oxygenation in patients with COVID-19. Enhancing oxygenation should be involved in managing patients with COVID-19 because of its significant effects on immunity, pulmonary functions, and COVID-19 risk factors. A mild to moderate cycling or walking with 60%-80% Vo2max for 20-60 min performed 2-3 times per week could be a safe and effective aerobic exercise program in patients with COVID-19 to enhance their immunity and pulmonary functions.
Fear of missing out: A brief overview of origin, theoretical underpinnings and relationship with mental health; Fear of missing out (FoMO) is a unique term introduced in 2004 to describe a phenomenon observed on social networking sites. FoMO includes two processes
Combination of cafeteria diet with intraperitoneally streptozotocin in rats. A type-2 diabetes model; Purpose: To develop a model of induction of type-2 diabetes (DM2) by combining low doses of streptozotocin (STZ) and a cafeteria diet. Methods: Forty male Wistar rats (200 g) were allocated into four groups: control (non-diabetic, n = 10)
Metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aim of the study: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is now the most prevalent chronic liver disease in the world. Its prevalence in women of reproductive age is approximately 10%. Due to its high prevalence in this specific population, it is important to investigate adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by MAFLD during pregnancy. We aimed to summarize the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Material and methods: A search was conducted on PubMed and ProQuest from inception to April 1, 2021, for studies assessing the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). We analyzed the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed and random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed using I2. Results: Six studies comprising 20,535,994 (5,964 MAFLD) pregnant women were included. The quality of studies ranged from 6 to 8 stars. MAFLD was significantly associated with increased risk of dysglycemia (OR = 3.65, 95% CI = 2.47-5.39), pregnancy-associated hypertension (OR = 3.27, 95% CI = 2.75-3.88), cesarean section (OR = 2.78, 95% CI = 1.60-4.83), and preterm birth (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.37-2.10) but not large for gestational age (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 0.64-4.45). Conclusions: The presence of MAFLD is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
The Predictive Ability of Hepatic Steatosis Index for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Large for Gestational Age Infant Compared with Other Noninvasive Indices Among Chinese Pregnancies: A Preliminary Double-center Cohort Study; Objective: To evaluate the association of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as large for gestational age (LGA) infant in Chinese women. Methods: A total of 1082 pregnant women were included in this study. Maternal basic laboratory data, including ALT, AST, FBG, insulin, TG, and HDL-C, were tested during 6– 12 weeks of gestation and anthropometric characteristics were monitored during gestation. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted at 24–28 weeks of gestation. HSI, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) liver fat score, triglyceride/high-density lipopro-tein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) and triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index were calculated. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval for subsequent risk of GDM and LGA by HSI quartiles were assessed by binary logistic regression model. The predictive ability of HSI for GDM and LGA was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and was compared with other indices. Results: The incidence of GDM and LGA were 22.09% (239/1082) and 10.53% (87/826). HSI was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (median, interquartile range: 30.67, 27.20–35.10 vs 27.98, 25.70–30.82, P<0.001). Incidence of GDM was gradually increased with increasing HSI values. Women in the highest HSI quartile had significantly higher risk of LGA delivery than those in the lowest HSI quartile (P<0.05). The area under the ROC curves of HSI for GDM and LGA were higher than other indices, reaching 0.646 (95%CI: 0.605–0.686) and 0.600 (95% CI: 0.541–0.660), respectively. Conclusion: Higher HSI was independently associated with higher risk of GDM and LGA in Chinese women. HSI in the first trimester can predict the risk of GDM and LGA.
PAPPA-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans; Pregnancy is a physiological state of continuous adaptation to changing maternal and fetal nutritional needs, including a reduction of maternal insulin sensitivity allowing for appropriately enhanced glucose availability to the fetus. However, excessive insulin resistance in conjunction with insufficient insulin secretion results in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), greatly increasing the risk for pregnancy complications and predisposing both mothers and offspring to future metabolic disease. Here, we report a signaling pathway connecting pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) with adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy. Adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and we show that, in both mice and humans, pregnancy caused remodeling of adipose tissue evidenced by altered adipocyte size, vascularization, and in vitro expansion capacity. PAPPA is known to be a metalloprotease secreted by human placenta that modulates insulin-like growth factor (IGF) bioavailability through prolteolysis of IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) 2, 4, and 5. We demonstrate that recombinant PAPPA can stimulate ex vivo human adipose tissue expansion in an IGFBP-5- and IGF-1-dependent manner. Moreover, mice lacking PAPPA displayed impaired adipose tissue remodeling, pregnancy-induced insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis, recapitulating multiple aspects of human GDM. In a cohort of 6361 pregnant women, concentrations of circulating PAPPA are inversely correlated with glycemia and odds of developing GDM. These data identify PAPPA and the IGF signaling pathway as necessary for the regulation of maternal adipose tissue physiology and systemic glucose homeostasis, with consequences for long-term metabolic risk and potential for therapeutic use.
Prevalence and predictors of NAFLD in pregnant women; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects ∼15-17% of U S women of reproductive age, with prevalence rising, and is the leading indication for liver transplant in women Prevalence and associated risk factors for NAFLD during pregnancy are not well defined, although a recent retrospective study suggested an association with adverse pregnancy outcomes We sought to prospectively characterize the prevalence and associated risk factors of NAFLD among pregnant women at a high-volume obstetrics center Methods: Consecutive pregnant women were consented for liver ultrasound (US) at the time of routine prenatal anatomy scan, typically done at 18-22 weeks' gestation Liver US performed by trained obstetric sonographers were reviewed for grading of hepatic steatosis by a blinded radiologist We compared demographic and clinical characteristics between those with and without steatosis on US and performed univariable and multivariable logistic regression to determine predictors of steatosis US screening was compared to other lab-based NAFLD scoring systems including Hepatic Steatosis Index (HSI), NAFLD fibrosis score (NFS), and FIB-4 using baseline labs (1-year pre-pregnancy through 1st trimester) Results: We obtained satisfactory liver US on 383 patients in 4 months Median time to obtain images was 41 seconds Median age was 28 (IQR 9), 219 (58%) were Hispanic, 162 (42%) nulliparous 53 (14%) had steatosis on US (47 grade 1, 4 grade 2, 2 grade 3)
One year’s treatment with the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist liraglutide decreases hepatic fat content in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and prior gestational diabetes mellitus in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial; Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Treatment with glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists has shown beneficial effects in NAFLD patients. We evaluated the effect of the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide on NAFLD features in women with pGDM. Eighty-two overweight/obese, nondiabetic women with pGDM were included. We performed abdominal ultrasound, transient elastography with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), and blood sampling at baseline and after 1 year. Thirty-seven women were randomized to liraglutide (1.8 mg once-daily) and 45 to placebo. Based on the ultrasound scan, 18 women (22%) had ultrasound-verified NAFLD at baseline and of these, 10 (56%) received liraglutide treatment. After 1 year, eight participants no longer had steatosis, four in each treatment group. The number of participants who developed NAFLD was similar in the two treatment groups
The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in non-pregnant adults. Although the biological mechanisms underlying this association are not completely understood, metabolic factors, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction are likely all involved. The association between NAFLD and pregnancy-associated hypertension (HTN) has not been systematically examined. The aim of this study is to assess the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: This is secondary analysis of a prospective study of healthy pregnant women. Liver ultrasonography was performed at 10-14 weeks of gestation and maternal blood was taken for the measurement of selenoprotein P (SeP), a hepatokine independently associated with both NAFLD and CVD. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational HTN, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 pregnant women, the risk of developing pregnancy-associated HTN was significantly increased in women with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD. Grade 2-3 steatosis was a significant predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors. Circulating levels of SeP were significantly higher in women with versus those without NAFLD (P =.001) and was significantly higher also in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN compared with those who did not (P '.005). Conclusions: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN. Circulating levels of SeP at that same gestational age are significantly increased in pregnant women with NAFLD who subsequently develop pregnancy-associated HTN.
Exposure to gestational diabetes enriches immune-related pathways in the transcriptome and methylome of human amniocytes; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 105: 1–15, 2020)
A traditional korean diet alters the expression of circulating micrornas linked to diabetes mellitus in a pilot trial; The traditional Korean diet (K-diet) is considered to be healthy and circulating microRNAs (miRs) have been proposed as useful markers or targets in diet therapy. We, therefore, investigated the metabolic influence of the K-diet by evaluating the expression of plasma and salivary miRs. Ten women aged 50 to 60 years were divided into either a K-diet or control diet (a Westernized Korean diet) group. Subjects were housed in a metabolic unit-like condition during the two-week dietary intervention. Blood and saliva samples were collected before and after the intervention, and changes in circulating miRs were screened by an miR array and validated by individual RT-qPCRs. In the K-diet group, eight plasma miRs were down-regulated by array (p < 0.05), out of which two miRs linked to diabetes mellitus, hsa-miR26a-5p and hsa-miR126-3p, were validated (p < 0.05). Among five down-regulated salivary miRs, hsa-miR-92-3p and hsa-miR-122a-5p were validated, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, acute coronary syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In the control diet group, validated were down-regulated plasma hsa-miR-25-3p and salivary hsa-miR-31-5p, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, adipogenesis and obesity. The K-diet may influence the metabolic conditions associated with diabetes mellitus, as evidenced by changes in circulating miRs, putative biomarkers for K-diet.
Genetic risk factors in metabolic fatty liver disease: Common risk factors for fatty liver disease, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely associated with the metabolic syndrome and will be renamed metabolic-dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) according to an expert recommendation. MAFLD is the most common liver disease in Europe with a prevalence of 25% for the general population and over 50% in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM). In recent years, genetic association studies have identified a number of gene variants that predispose to the development and progression of this disease. It is assumed that approximately 50% of the observed interindividual variation in liver fat content is determined by genetic factors. Of particular importance are the risk variants in the genes PNPLA3 (patatin-like phospholipase-containing 3), TM6SF2 (transmembrane 6 superfamily member 2), MBOAT7 (membrane bound O‑acyltransferase domain containing 7), GCKR (glucokinase regulator), and HSD17B13 (hydroxysteroid 17-beta-dehydrogenase 13). The risk for the development of steatosis, steatohepatitis, liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma mediated by these genetic variants has an additive effect. Whether knowledge of these risk variants will translate into an individualized surveillance and therapeutic strategy will have to be determined in the future. The overview article also summarizes pathophysiological effects of the risk gene variants in relation to other aspects of the metabolic syndrome such as T2DM and hyperlipidemia. The effect of the risk gene variants on metabolism increases with increasing body weight and underscores the mutual influence of MAFLD, T2DM, hyperlipidemia, and obesity.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes; Background & Aims: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. Methods: Using weighted discharge data from the US national inpatient sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLDs) or no CLD. Study outcomes included preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Results: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p <0.001). Compared to the other groups, patients with NAFLD during pregnancy more frequently experienced gestational diabetes (7–8% vs. 23%), hypertensive complications (4% vs. 16%), postpartum hemorrhage (3–5% vs. 6%), and preterm birth (5–7% vs. 9%), all p values ≤0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage and possibly maternal (but not fetal) death. Conclusion: The prevalence of NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and preterm birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care. Lay summary: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy has almost tripled over the past 10 years. Having NAFLD during pregnancy increases risks for both the mother and the baby, including hypertensive complications of pregnancy, bleeding after delivery, and preterm birth. Thus, pre-conception counseling is warranted with consideration of high-risk obstetric management among women with NAFLD in pregnancy.
High burden of future liver disease in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy patients; Background and Aims: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) occurs in 0.3% of all pregnancies and may be linked to future liver disease. There are currently no guidelines for liver follow up care for women with ICP. Using a cohort of women with ICP and controls, we investigated incidence, predictors, and time to future liver disease. Method: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of pregnant women with and without ICP who delivered between 2005–2009 at a community hospital in New York City with a high prevalence of ICP (2.5% of all deliveries). Women returning for care with liver function tests at a minimum 6 months post-partum were included in the analyses. We examined prevalence and time to the development of two outcomes: (1) ALT > 25 U/L (the upper limit of normal) and (2) diagnosis of liver disease (through imaging or clinical evaluation). Analyses were performed using Kaplan Meier methods and we fit Cox regression models. Results: We identified 255 women with ICP and 100 control patients who returned to care within the study period. Subjects in both groups were similar in median follow up time, median age at time of pregnancy, median pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and 80% or more of women in both groups identified as Hispanic. Adjusting for metabolic factors including ICP diagnosis, ethnicity, diabetes status, BMI, maternal age, ICP diagnosis and class A2 gestational diabetes (GDMA2) diagnosis are associated with increased incidence of ALT?> 25 U/L postpartum (HR 2.7, p < 0.0001 & HR 1.6, p = 0.02). For ICP and control women with ALT > 25 U/L, the median time to ALT?> 25 U/L was 4.4 & 11.9 years respectively (p < 0.0001). 60 (24%) ICP patients and 19 (19%) controls were diagnosed with liver disease, the most common disease diagnosis being NAFLD. Adjusting for metabolic factors listed above, ICP is associated 1.8 times increased incidence of liver disease (p = 0.031), advanced maternal age is associated with 2.0 times increased incidence (p = 0.026), and Hispanic ethnicity is associated with decreased incidence of liver disease (HR 0.61, p = 0.032). Conclusion: ICP diagnosis was found to be an important predictor of risk of future liver disease and abnormal liver tests. Women with pregnancies complicated by ICP, particularly those with GDMA2, and older than 35 at the time of ICP diagnosis could possibly benefit from surveillance for post-partum liver disease. [Table presented]
Elevated Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy and Subsequent Development of Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or metabolic syndrome in adults, but the clinical significance of ALT or NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in the fetus; Background/objectives: Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or maternal obesity have been linked to the development of diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver disease later in life with sex-specific manifestations. Alterations in miRNA expression in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity and effects on hepatic development are unknown. Here, we describe how exposure to maternal obesity in utero leads to sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in human fetal liver. Methods: Candidate miRNA expression was measured in second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women with GDM. Targets of differentially expressed miRNAs were determined and pathway enrichment of target genes was performed. MiRNA and target gene expression were measured in a separate cohort of second trimester primary human fetal hepatocytes (PHFH) exposed to maternal obesity via qPCR and western blot. All studies were IRB approved. Results: GDM-exposed AF had significant increases in miRNAs 199a-3p, 503-5p, and 1268a (fold change (FC) ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female offspring-specific analysis showed enrichment in miRNAs 378a-3p, 885-5p, and 7-1-3p (p < 0.05). MiRNA gene targets were enriched in hepatic pathways. Key genes regulating de novo lipogenesis were upregulated in obesity-exposed PHFH, especially in males. Significantly altered miRNAs in GDM AF were measured in obese-exposed PHFH, with consistent increases in miRNAs 885-5p, 199-3p, 503-5p, 1268a, and 7-1-3p (FC ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female PHFH exposed to maternal obesity had increased expression of miR-885-5p, miR-199-3p, miR-503-5p, miR-1268s, and miR-7-1-3p (p < 0.05), corresponding to decreased target genes expression for ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR. In male PHFHs, no miRNA changes were measured but there was increased expression of ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Our data suggest sex-specific changes in miRNA and gene expression in PHFH may be one mechanism contributing to the sexual dimorphism of metabolic disease in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity in utero.
Maternal Exercise Improves High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Abnormalities and Gut Microbiota Profiles in Mouse Dams and Offspring; Early-life overnutrition programs increased risks of metabolic disorders in adulthood. Regular exercise has been widely accepted to be an effective measure to maintain metabolic health. However, the intergenerational effects of maternal exercise and the specific mechanism are largely unclear. Our objective was to investigate whether maternal exercise could alleviate the metabolic disturbances induced by early-life overnutrition in both dams and offspring and to explore the role of gut microbiota in mediating the effects. C57BL/6 female mice were randomly divided into three groups: the control group, which were fed a normal control diet
NAFLD at the interface of the mother-infant dyad; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers’ health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
Adipokines: A rainbow of proteins with metabolic and endocrine functions; Obesity represents one of the most important health problems worldwide with increas-ing morbidity and mortality. Widespread prevalence of this disease justifies its actual definition of a “global epidemic”. Adipose tissue is nowadays considered a complex organ with lots of endocrine and metabolic functions. In addition to fulfilling its task for energy storage and thermal regulation, by virtue of its constituent white and brown cells, adipose tissue represents, considering its size, the biggest endocrine gland in the body. Both adipocytes and surrounding resident cells (macrophages, endothelial cells and others) produce a huge number of molecules, or adipokines, with endocrine or paracrine functions, that regulate various aspects of metabolism whose clinical relevance is emerging. By balancing pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects, the adipokines control insulin sensitivity and related glucose metabolism changes, lipid accumulation in the liver and other organs, and finally gonadal function. Collectively, literature data remains cloudy because of still conflicting results of pre-clinical and clinical studies. The aim of this review was to summarize scientific evidence about adipokines’ effects on human metabolism, by focusing on their role on either Metabolic Syndrome and NAFLD, or insulin-resistance in pregnancy, or finally, reproductive function disorders.
High plasmatic levels of advanced glycation end products are associated with metabolic alterations and insulin resistance in preeclamptic women; Aims: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between plasmatic levels of advanced end glycation products (AGEs) and the metabolic profile in subjects diagnosed with preeclampsia, due to the known relation of these molecules with oxidative stress and inflammation, which in turn are related with PE pathogenesis. Background: It has been reported that increased levels of AGEs are observed in patients with preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects, which was mainly associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. Besides, in women with preeclampsia, there are metabolic changes such as hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, among others, that are associated with an exacerbated insulin resistance. Additionally, some parameters indicate the alteration of hepatic function, such as increased levels of liver enzymes. However, the relationship of levels of AGEs with altered lipidic, hepatic, and glucose metabolism parameters in preeclampsia has not been evaluated. Objective: To investigate the association between plasmatic levels of AGEs and hepatic, lipid, and metabolic profiles in women diagnosed with preeclampsia. Methods: Plasma levels of AGEs were determined by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 15 patients diagnosed with preeclampsia and 28 normoevolutive pregnant subjects (control group). Hepatic (serum creatinine, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, uric acid, and lactate dehydrogenase), lipid (apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoproteins, and high-density lipoproteins), and metabolic variables (glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance) were assessed. Results: Plasmatic levels of AGEs were significantly higher in patients with preeclampsia as compared with the control. A positive correlation between circulating levels of AGEs and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, uric acid, glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR levels was found in patients with preeclampsia. In conclusion, circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, variables of hepatic and metabolic profile, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance. Conclusions: Circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, hepatic and metabolic profiles, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance, suggesting that excessive glycation and an impaired metabolic profile contribute to the physiopathology of preeclampsia.
The effects of myo-inositol and probiotic supplementation in a high-fat-fed preclinical model of glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Glucose intolerance during pregnancy - a major driver of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) - has significant short- and long-term health consequences for both the mother and child. As GDM prevalence continues to escalate, there is growing need for preventative strategies. There is limited but suggestive evidence that myo-inositol (MI) and probiotics (PB) could improve glucose tolerance during pregnancy. The present study tested the hypothesis that MI and/or PB supplementation would reduce the risk of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Female C57BL/6 mice were randomised to receive either no treatment, MI, PB (Lactobacillus rhamnosus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or both (MIPB) for 5 weeks. They were then provided with a high-fat diet for 1 week before mating commenced and throughout mating/gestation, while remaining on their respective treatments. An oral glucose tolerance test occurred at gestational day (GD) 16·5 and tissue collection at GD 18·5. Neither MI nor PB, separately or combined, improved glucose tolerance. However, MI and PB both independently increased adipose tissue expression of Ir, Irs1, Akt2 and Pck1, and PB also increased Pparγ. MI was associated with reduced gestational weight gain, whilst PB was associated with increased maternal fasting glucose, total cholesterol and pancreas weight. These results suggest that MI and PB may improve insulin intracellular signalling in adipose tissue but this did not translate to meaningful differences in glucose tolerance. The absence of fasting hyperglycaemia or insulin resistance suggests this is a very mild model of GDM, which may have affected our ability to assess the impact of these nutrients.
Phenotypic characteristics and risk factors in a multi-ethnic cohort of young adults with type 2 diabetes; Background: Early onset of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is associated with prolonged exposure to hyperglycaemia and increased propensity to chronic complications. The aim of this study was to characterize and compare the phenotypic characteristics and risk factors in a multi-ethnic cohort of young adults with type 2 diabetes (T2DMY). Methods: One hundred young adults (White European [WE], South Asian [SA] and African-Caribbean [AC]) diagnosed with T2DM before the age of 40 years were recruited. Demographics, family history, diabetes related complications, co-morbidities, anthropometry (body mass index [BMI], body composition), physical activity and biochemistry (HbA1c, lipid profile, liver and renal function) and autoantibodies (anti GAD, anti islet cell) were collected for all participants. Data were analysed for the most represented ethnic groups: (WE, N = 36 and SA, N = 53) using SPSS version 23. Results: Mean (± standard deviation) age at diagnosis was 32.5 ± 5.5 years and mean diabetes duration was 7.7 ± 3.8 years. Overweight/obesity was present in 95% of participants, history of maternal diabetes in 68%, deprivation 75%, low physical activity 40%, polycystic ovarian disease 29% (in females), acanthosis nigricans 12% and non-alcoholic fatty liver 11%. There was considerable clustering of risk factors within the cohort with over 75% of all subjects having three or more of the above risk factors and 52% required insulin within 3 years of diagnosis. Two-thirds of the patients had evidence of at least one diabetes related microvascular complication. Conclusion: T2DMY is characterized by a high burden of commonly associated risk factors for both the disease and its long-term complications.
Engaging the ASEAN diaspora: Type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the United States; Type 2 diabetes prevalence is rising rapidly in Southeast Asia (SEA) where urbanization and adoption of ‘western’ behavioral lifestyles are attributed as predominant risk factors. The Southeast Asian diaspora to the United States has resulted in a sizable portion of migrant and US born SEAs, with approximately 4 million Filipino Americans, 2 million Vietnamese-Americans, Cambodians (330,000), and Thai (300,000) as the most populous. Their longer exposure to a western lifestyle and participation in clinical studies with other racial/ethnic groups, provide opportunities to evaluate etiologic factors which might inform trends and intervention opportunities among residents of Southeast Asia. Epidemiologic studies in the US have identified higher T2D prevalence among Filipinos (16.1%) compared to groups perceived to be at highest risk for T2D, namely Latinos (14.0%), Black (13.7%), and Native Americans (13.4%), while SEAs (including Burmese, Cambodian, Indonesian, Laotian, Malaysian, and Thai, 10.5%) and Vietnamese (9.9%) had higher T2D risk compared to Whites (7.7%), despite their absence of general obesity. Asian-Americans, including SEAs, East and South Asians, collectively have higher rates of undiagnosed T2D compared to other racial/ethnic groups in the US. Almost half (44%) of Filipinos with newly diagnosed T2D have isolated post-challenge hyperglycemia and will remain undiagnosed if current screening practices remain limited to measures of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting plasma glucose. The University of California San Diego Filipino Health Study found excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, low ratio of muscle to total abdominal mass area, low adiponectin concentration, multiparity (≥ 6 live births), and sleep insufficiency (<7 hours) to be unique T2D risk factors among Filipino-American women, even after adjusting for established T2D risk factors including hypertension and parental history of T2D. Social determinants such as low educational attainment (less than college completion), and sustained social disadvantage during childhood and adulthood were independently associated with T2D risk. Gestational diabetes is a known risk factor for future T2DM among women
Rising numbers of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis: A population-based study; Background: Cirrhosis and incident NAFLD are both rising in young adults, which may affect women of childbearing age Trends in NAFLD cirrhosis during pregnancy have not been reported, and it is not known whether NAFLD cirrhosis in pregnancy confers worse maternal-fetal outcomes as compared to other causes of cirrhosis Methods: Populationbased retrospective cohort study from Ontario, Canada using universal administrative healthcare data from 01/01/2000- 12/31/2016 This study includes women ages 18-44 years with singleton pregnancies through at least 20 weeks of gestation, and with a cirrhosis diagnosis identified by a validated cirrhosis case definition (sensitivity 98%, specificity 77%). Mother-infant record linkage included data through 3-months of post-partum follow-up Maternal and fetal outcomes were obtained from administrative codes and the linked motherinfant dataset Outcomes were compared between mothers with NAFLD vs non-NAFLD causes of cirrhosis Results: 4,391 pregnant women with cirrhosis were included
The development of HbA1c level among individuals with type 2 diabetes in DIREVA registry; Background and aims: Since 2007 all patients with diabetes in theVaasa Central Hospital District in Finland have been invited to the DIREVA registry (The Diabetes Register of Vaasa Central Hospital District), which to date includes 6,900 patients. We investigated the change of HbA1c among individuals with T2D between 2012-2013 and 2017-2018, and factors contributing to it. Materials and methods: Diabetes nurses in the Vaasa Central Hospital District register diabetic patients in DIREVA, including age and clinical type at diagnosis, sex, BMI, pancreatitis, gestational diabetes, medication and diabetes heredity. Samples are collected for plasma C-peptide, glucose, GADAb and genotyping
Obeticholic acid ameliorates dyslipidemia but not glucose tolerance in mouse model of gestational diabetes; Metabolism alters markedly with advancing gestation, characterized by progressive insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and raised serum bile acids. The nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor (FXR) has an integral role in bile acid homeostasis and modulates glucose and lipid metabolism. FXR is known to be functionally suppressed in pregnancy. The FXR agonist, obeticholic acid (OCA), improves insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. We therefore hypothesized that OCA treatment during pregnancy could improve disease severity in a mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD
Molecular insight into the interaction between epigenetics and leptin in metabolic disorders; Nowadays, it is well-known that the deregulation of epigenetic machinery is a common biological event leading to the development and progression of metabolic disorders. Moreover, the expression level and actions of leptin, a vast adipocytokine regulating energy metabolism, appear to be strongly associated with epigenetics. Therefore, the aim of this review was to summarize the current knowledge of the epigenetic regulation of leptin as well as the leptin-induced epigenetic modifications in metabolic disorders and associated phenomena. The collected data indicated that the deregulation of leptin expression and secretion that occurs during the course of metabolic diseases is underlain by a variation in the level of promoter methylation, the occurrence of histone modifications, along with miRNA interference. Furthermore, leptin was proven to epigenetically regulate several miRNAs and affect the activity of the histone deacetylases. These epigenetic modifications were observed in obesity, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome and concerned various molecular processes like glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, liver fibrosis, obesity-related carcinogenesis, adipogenesis or fetal/early postnatal programming. Moreover, the circulating miRNA profiles were associated with the plasma leptin level in metabolic syndrome, and miRNAs were found to be involved in hypothalamic leptin sensitivity. In summary, the evidence suggests that leptin is both a target and a mediator of epigenetic changes that develop in numerous tissues during metabolic disorders.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight; Objective Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a well-recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from gluconeogenesis) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids [FFA], or adipokines) and excessive fetal birthweight in NAFLD has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. Method Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10–14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as Grade 0–3 steatosis. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken after fasting and measured for adiponectin and FFA. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Results A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/ 623), and the frequency of NAFLD was 18.9%. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with Grade 2–3 steatosis in the first trimester. The relationship between Grade 2–3 steatosis and LGA remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels. The concentration of maternal blood adiponectin at 10–14 weeks was significantly lower in cases with LGA than non-LGA, but the maternal blood FFA concentrations were not different between the groups. Conclusion The presence of Grade 2–3 steatosis on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for multiple confounding factors including GDM. Adiponectin may be the linking biomarker between NAFLD and LGA.
American College of Epidemiology Annual Meeting; The proceedings contains 49 papers. The topics discussed include: Exploring uniformity of gestational diabetes screening and diagnosis using real-world electronic health record data
Fatty liver among adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (The EPICOM study); OBJECTIVE Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with a less favorable metabolic profile later in life. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is the hepatic manifestation of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational type 1 diabetes on the presence of fatty liver in offspring and the association between maternal BMI, glycemic control during pregnancy, offspring metabolic risk factors, and offspring level of soluble CD163 (sCD163) (a marker of macrophage activation) and risk of fatty liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This study was a prospective nationwide follow-up study of offspring (n = 278) of mothers with pregestational type 1 diabetes between 1993 and 1999 and matched control subjects (n = 303). Mean age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the fatty liver index (FLI) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate the presence of fatty liver among the offspring. An FLI ≥60 or WHtR >0.469 were used as cutoff points for fatty liver. RESULTS More type 1 diabetes-exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared with unexposed control subjects. We found significant associations between increasing maternal prepregnancy BMI, being born large for gestational age, offspring level of sCD163, as well as offspring metabolic risk factors (decreasing adiponectin and HDL cholesterol and increasing leptin, HOMA of insulin resistance, and HOMA of insulin secretion) and degree of fatty liver. CONCLUSIONS Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes and higher maternal prepregnancy BMI may predispose to fatty liver in the offspring. Offspring metabolic risk factors, including sCD163 levels, are associated with indices of fatty liver.
Variable phenotype in HNF1B mutations: Extrarenal manifestations distinguish affected individuals from the population with congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract; Background. Mutations in hepatocyte nuclear factor 1B (HNF1B) have been associated with congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) in humans. Diabetes and other less frequent anomalies have also been described. Variable penetrance and intrafamilial variability have been demonstrated including severe prenatal phenotypes. Thus, it is important to differentiate this entity from others with similar clinical features and perform confirmatory molecular diagnosis. Methods. This study reports the results of HNF1B screening in a cohort of 60 patients from 58 unrelated families presenting with renal structural anomalies and/or non-immune glucose metabolismalterations, and other minor features suggesting HNF1B mutations. Results. This study identified a pathogenic variant in 23 patients from 21 families. The most frequent finding was bilateral cystic dysplasia or hyperechogenic kidneys (87% of patients). Sixty percent of them also fulfilled the criteria for impaired glucose metabolism, and these were significantly older than those patients with an HNF1B mutation but without diabetes or prediabetes (14.4 versus 3.3 years, P<0.05). Furthermore, patients with HNF1B mutations had higher frequency of pancreatic structural anomalies and hypomagnesaemia than patients without mutations (P<0.001 and P = 0.003, respectively). Hyperuricaemia and increased liver enzymes were detected in some patients as well. Conclusions. Renal anomalies found in patients with HNF1B mutations are frequently unspecific and may resemble those found in other renal pathologies (CAKUT, ciliopathies). Active searching for extrarenal minor features, especially pancreatic structural anomalies or hypomagnesaemia, could support the indication for molecular diagnosis to identify HNF1B mutations.
Hepatic miR-582-5p is programmed by maternal diet-induced obesity in male mice and contributes to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring
LYMPHOCYTIC HYPOPHYSITIS: A CHALLENGE TO DIAGNOSE POSTPARTUM:; Hypernatremia during pregnancy is not commonly encountered. Additionally, differentiating between transient diabetes insipidus of pregnancy from central or nephrogenic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy poses dilemma. Moreover, lymphocytic hypophysitis as an etiologic disorder contributing to the hypernatremia is rare. Here, we report a complex case of lymphocytic hypophysis diagnosed postpartum. A 32-year-old, 37 weeks pregnant female underwent emergent cesarean section due to concerns for fetal compromise and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. For 1.5 weeks prior to presentation, she had been experiencing significant polyuria and polydipsia. Preoperative labs were notable for acute kidney injury (creatinine 3.3mg/dL), elevated liver enzymes (AST 259 U/L, ALT 536 U/L, TB 5.1 mg/dL), significant coagulopathy, and hypoglycemia. Her presenting sodium was 141 mmol/L which progressively increased and peaked to 156 mmol/L post operatively with 5 to 7L urine output daily. Urine osmolality was 137 mosm/kg. Her hypernatremia was first attributed to transient gestational diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy amplified by acute fatty liver of pregnancy, however further workup changed the diagnosis to central diabetes insipidus secondary to hypophysitis due to ACTH <5pg/mL, A.M. cortisol 0.8 ug/dL, FSH 0.3IU/L, LH <0.1IU/L, TSH 0.28uL/mL, and FT4 0.6ng/dL. Furthermore, MRI of the brain revealed absence of the normal pituitary bright spot, and thickened pituitary stalk. She was started on prednisone, ddavp, and levothyroxine and did well. Six months postpartum her MRI brain revealed resolution of the thickened pituitary stalk, reappearance of the pituitary bright spot, as well as a smaller pituitary gland. She still remains on oral desmopressin as well as levothyroxine supplementation. Diagnosing lymphocytic hypophysitis in the postpartum period can be a challenge. Although rare, most cases occur in late pregnancy or in the postpartum period and one must keep this in the differential when evaluating a pregnant or postpartum woman with hypernatremia. Multidisciplinary team approach and expertise involving the endocrinologist, nephrologist, and obstetrician is important for quick diagnosis and for prompt treatment to avoid life threatening complications that could ensue.
Effects of physical exercise during pregnancy on the modulation of liver mitochondrial function in an animal model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with high-caloric intake and physical inactivity. Among other pathological alterations, liver mitochondrial-related dysfunction characterizes NAFLD development, but seems to be attenuated by physical exercise (PE). In addition to more prevalent metabolic conditions in which NAFLD is present, women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) present signs of NAFLD. The aim of this study was to elucidate whether PE during pregnancy influences liver mitochondrial function in a GDM-associated NAFLD model. Methods: After 6 weeks under control (C) or high-fat- high- sugar (HFHS) diets, female Sprague-Dawley rats were mated and distributed into the following experimental groups: C or HFHS
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/hypothesis: Although there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10–14 weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24–28 weeks. Results: Six hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%
Historical and current adenosine receptor agonists in preclinical and clinical development; Adenosine receptors (ARs) function in the body’s response to conditions of pathology and stress associated with a functional imbalance, such as in the supply and demand of energy/oxygen/nutrients. Extracellular adenosine concentrations vary widely to raise or lower the basal activation of four subtypes of ARs. Endogenous adenosine can correct an energy imbalance during hypoxia and other stress, for example, by slowing the heart rate by A1AR activation or increasing the blood supply to heart muscle by the A2AAR. Moreover, exogenous AR agonists, antagonists, or allosteric modulators can be applied for therapeutic benefit, and medicinal chemists working toward that goal have reported thousands of such agents. Thus, numerous clinical trials have ensued, using promising agents to modulate adenosinergic signaling, most of which have not succeeded. Currently, short-acting, parenteral agonists, adenosine and Regadenoson, are the only AR agonists approved for human use. However, new concepts and compounds are currently being developed and applied toward preclinical and clinical evaluation, and initial results are encouraging. This review focuses on key compounds as AR agonists and positive allosteric modulators (PAMs) for disease treatment or diagnosis. AR agonists for treating inflammation, pain, cancer, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, angina, sickle cell disease, ischemic conditions and diabetes have been under development. Multiple clinical trials with two A3AR agonists are ongoing.
518: The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in pregnant women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in later life. Although the biologic mechanism is not well understood, it likely involves metabolic factors, inflammatory reactions, and endothelial dysfunction, all of which are known pathophysiologic factors in the development of pregnancy- associated HTN, including preeclampsia. However, the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD has not been well established. This study examines the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women with a singleton pregnancy designed to examine the risk of gestational diabetes in women with NAFLD. Liver ultrasound was performed in all cases at 10-14 weeks of gestation and the degree of hepatic steatosis classified as Grade 0-3. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken and measured for selenoprotein P, a hepatokine that has been independently associated with NAFLD and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 enrolled subjects, the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN increased significantly in patients with NAFLD (Fig 1). Grade 2-3 steatosis at 10-14 weeks was a significant risk factor for the development of pregnancy- associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors (BMI, fasting glucose). The concentration of selenoprotein P was significantly higher in women with NAFLD vs those without NAFLD at 10-14 weeks (p=0.001), and was also significantly increased in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN vs those that did not (p<0.001) (Fig 2). Conclusion: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent risk factor for pregnancy- associated HTN. Circulating selenoprotein P levels are increased in patients with NAFLD, which may be linked to the development of pregnancy-associated HTN. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
237: Maternal HDL in early pregnancy as a risk factor for small-for-gestational-age birthweight; Objective: The pathophysiology of uteroplacental insufficiency is not well understood. One mechanism that has been proposed includes atherosclerosis of basal arterioles and diffuse lipid infiltration of the placental bed leading to an obstructive vasculopathy. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) is protective against atherosclerosis in adults, but the effect of maternal serum HDL levels on fetal growth is not well determined. We evaluated the relationship between maternal HDL in the first trimester and subsequent risk for small-for-gestational-age birthweight (SGA). Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women with singleton pregnancies designed to examine the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the setting of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) diagnosed by ultrasound. Maternal fasting blood was taken at 10-14 weeks’ gestation and lipid parameters measured. SGA was defined as birthweight <10th percentile for gestational age. Results: Among 937 women enrolled, 898 (95.8%) delivered at term. Of these, 73 (8.1%) were SGA and 825 (91.9%) were not. Maternal HDL levels at 10-14 weeks were significantly lower in women who delivered SGA neonates than those who did not (p=0.004), and the risk for SGA was significantly negative correlated with maternal serum HDL quartiles (Figure). This association remained significant after adjustment for maternal weight, height, and pregnancy -associated hypertension. Conclusion: Low circulating levels of HDL at 10-14 weeks are associated with a higher risk for SGA. [Figure presented]
MALAT1 as a diagnostic and therapeutic target in diabetes-related complications: A promising long-noncoding RNA; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
Non-cholesterol sterol concentrations as biomarkers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis in different metabolic disorders: A systematic review; Non-cholesterol sterols are validated biomarkers for intestinal cholesterol absorption and endogenous cholesterol synthesis. However, their use in metabolic disturbances has not been systematically explored. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review to provide an overview of non-cholesterol sterols as markers for cholesterol metabolism in different metabolic disorders. Potentially relevant studies were retrieved by a systematic search of three databases in July 2018 and ninety-four human studies were included. Cholesterol-standardized levels of campesterol, sitosterol and cholestanol were collected to reflect cholesterol absorption and those of lathosterol and desmosterol to reflect cholesterol synthesis. Their use as biomarkers was examined in the following metabolic disorders: overweight/obesity (n = 16), diabetes mellitus (n = 15), metabolic syndrome (n = 5), hyperlipidemia (n = 11), cardiovascular disease (n = 17), and diseases related to intestine (n = 16), liver (n = 22) or kidney (n = 2). In general, markers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis displayed reciprocal patterns, showing that cholesterol metabolism is tightly regulated by the interplay of intestinal absorption and endogenous synthesis. Distinctive patterns for cholesterol absorption or cholesterol synthesis could be identified, suggesting that metabolic disorders can be classified as ‘cholesterol absorbers or cholesterol synthesizers’. Future studies should be performed to confirm or refute these findings and to examine whether this information can be used for targeted (dietary) interventions.
Maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring; Key points: Maternal resveratrol (RESV) administration in gestational diabetes (GDM) restored normoglycaemia and insulin secretion. GDM-induced obesity was prevented in male GDM+RESV offspring but not in females. GDM+RESV offspring exhibited improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. GDM+RESV restored hepatic glucose homeostasis in offspring. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was enhanced in GDM+RESV offspring. Abstract: Gestational diabetes (GDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, is associated with adverse metabolic health outcomes in offspring. Using a rat model of diet-induced GDM, we investigated whether maternal resveratrol (RESV) supplementation (147 mg kg–1 day–1) in the third week of pregnancy could improve maternal glycaemia and protect the offspring from developing metabolic dysfunction. Female Sprague–Dawley rats consumed a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet to induce GDM. Lean controls consumed a low-fat (LF) diet. In the third trimester, when maternal hyperglycaemia was observed, the HFS diet was supplemented with RESV. At weaning, offspring were randomly assigned a LF or HFS diet until 15 weeks of age. In pregnant dams, RESV restored glucose tolerance, normoglycaemia and improved insulin secretion. At 15 weeks of age, GDM+RESV-HFS male offspring were less obese than the GDM-HFS offspring. By contrast, the female GDM+RESV-HFS offspring were similarly as obese as the GDM-HFS group. Hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and dysregulated gluconeogenesis were observed in the male GDM offspring and were attenuated in the offspring of GDM+RESV dams. The dysregulation of several metabolic genes (e.g. ppara, lpl, pepck and g6p) in the livers of GDM offspring was attenuated in the GDM+RESV offspring group. Glucose stimulated insulin secretion was also improved in the islets from offspring of GDM+RESV dams. Thus, maternal RESV supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy and lactation induced several beneficial metabolic health outcomes for both mothers and offspring. Therefore, RESV could be an alternative to current GDM treatments.
The melatonin receptor 1B polymorphism (rs10830963) might be associated with hyperlipidemia & fatty liver diseases in Korean population; Introduction: Melatonin Receptor 1B is a receptor for melatonin (the primary hormone secreted by the pineal gland). Several studies suggested the link between disturbances in melatonin production and impaired insulin, glucose, lipid metabolism and antioxidant capacity [1]. Also, genome-wide association studies reported an intro-ninc single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP: rs10830963) as a candidate variant of glucose homeostasis and type 2 diabetes [2-5]. In Korean population study, the rs10830963 was significantly associated with gestational diabetes mel-litus [7]. Materials & Methods: We tested the association in a Korean population which was recruited by direct-to-consumer genetic predisposition service (GeneStyle-DirectTM, TherageneEtex Co., Ltd.). From Jul. 2016 to Nov. 2016, total 272 individuals were participated and obtained the written informed consents. We obtained the self-assessment questionnaire which including the items such as birth year, sex, height, weight, waist circumference, and the disease history of hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mel-litus, and fatty liver disease. Among the participants, 80% answered the disease history questionnaire. We conducted the chi-square test and logistic regression analysis for disease histories with controlling age, sex, body mass index, waist circumference. Results: The risk allele genotype was significantly enriched in the case groups of all disease histories. Logistic regression analysis showed the risk allele increased the risk of hyperlipidemia (odds ratio = 2.959, p-value = 0.007), Type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio = 5.150, p-value = 0.021), and fatty liver disease (odds ratio = 2.472, p = 0.029). Conclusion: Conclusively, we confirmed the association between MTNR1B gene polymorphism and metabolic diseases.
Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A population-based cohort study; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, and increased risk of postnatal type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, whether GDM increases the risk of developing incident Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is unclear and has not been well examined in previous studies. This is important considering the significant health burden of NAFLD and the opportunity to interfere in high risk population in order to reduce the risk of developing end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods:We conducted a retrospective cohort study after extracting data from a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. The cohort consisted of 9,640 women with GDM diagnosis and 31,296 control women, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Results: Mean (standard deviation) age of the whole cohort was 32.62 (SD:5.34) years and BMI 28.62 (SD:6.10) kg/m2. There were 44 (0.46%) and 41 (0.13%) NAFLD incident diagnosis in the GDM and control population respectively over a median follow-up of 2.87 (IQR 1.16- 5.81) years. Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02). After adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, smoking, BMI and Metformin usage
A Narrative Review of Medical and Genetic Risk Factors among Children Age 5 and Younger with Severe Obesity; Severe obesity defined as an age- and gender-specific body mass index ≥120% of the 95th percentile in children younger than 5 years is well recognized as a significant challenge for prevention and treatment. This article provides an overview of the prevalence, classification of obesity severity, patterns of weight gain trajectory, medical and genetic risk factors, and comorbid disorders among young children with an emphasis on severe obesity. Studies suggest rapid weight gain trajectory in infancy, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes, and genetic conditions are associated with an increased risk for severe obesity in early childhood. Among populations of young children with severe obesity seeking care, co-morbid conditions such as dyslipidemia and fatty liver disease are present and families report behavioral concerns and developmental delays. Children with severe obesity by age 5 represent a vulnerable population of children at high medical risk and need to be identified early and appropriately managed.
Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a population-based cohort study; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, and increased risk of postnatal type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, whether GDM increases the risk of developing incident Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is unclear and has not been well examined in previous studies. This is important considering the significant health burden of NAFLD and the opportunity to interfere in high risk population in order to reduce the risk of developing end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods:We conducted a retrospective cohort study after extracting data from a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. The cohort consisted of 9,640 women with GDM diagnosis and 31,296 control women, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Results: Mean (standard deviation) age of the whole cohort was 32.62 (SD:5.34) years and BMI 28.62 (SD:6.10) kg/m2. There were 44 (0.46%) and 41 (0.13%) NAFLD incident diagnosis in the GDM and control population respectively over a median follow-up of 2.87 (IQR 1.16- 5.81) years. Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02). After adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, smoking, BMI and Metformin usage
Prediabetes Directly Deteriorates into Diabetic Ketoacidosis and Hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Syndrome Triggered by Acute Pancreatitis: A Case Report Illustrating a “Chicken and Egg” Paradigm in Ketosis-Prone Diabetes; Introduction: Diabetic crises occur most often in patients with type 1 diabetes and occasionally in type 2 diabetes, especially under stressful conditions. However, a diabetic crisis occurring directly from prediabetes is an unusual phenomenon. Case Report: A 45-year-old woman presented with postprandial left upper quadrant abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. She had a past medical history of prediabetes with impaired fasting glucose and HbA1c 6.4%. On admission, routine laboratory tests showed high anion gap metabolic acidosis (pH 6.92), anion gap 41 mmol/L, blood glucose 931 mg/dL, beta-hydroxybutyrate 28 mmol/L, and calculated effective osmolarity 322 mOsm/kg
The renal manifestations of type 4 familial partial lipodystrophy: A case report and review of literature; Background: Lipodystrophy syndromes are rare disorders of variable body fat loss associated with potentially serious metabolic complications. Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is mostly inherited as an autosomal dominant disorder. Renal involvement has only been reported in a limited number of cases of FPLD. Herein, we present a rare case of proteinuria associated with type 4 FPLD, which is characterized by a heterozygous mutation in PLIN1 and has not been reported with renal involvement until now. Case presentation: A 15-year-old girl presented with insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridaemia, hepatic steatosis and proteinuria. Her glucose and glycated haemoglobin levels were within normal laboratory reference ranges. A novel heterozygous frameshift mutation in PLIN1 was identified in the patient and her mother. The kidney biopsy showed glomerular enlargement and focal segmental glomerulosclerosis under light microscopy
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes: A prospective cohort study; Background and Aims: Recent evidences suggest that nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose tolerance and may be a manifestation of metabolic syndrome. We explored whether NAFLD can also be an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes in pregnant women. Method: In this prospective cohort study, singleton pregnant women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks by two different approaches: (1) the appearance of the liver on ultrasound and (2) the Fatty Liver-Index (FLI). Stored maternal blood samples at the time of liver ultrasound were assayed for adiponectin and selenoprotein. Patients were screened for gestational diabetes using the two-step approach (50 g oral glucose screening test followed by 100 g glucose tolerance test) at 24-28 weeks. Results: (1) Among 608 women enrolled in the study, the prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% based on liver ultrasound, and 5.9% (36/608) of women developed gestational diabetes
Maternal dietary patterns and the risk of large-for-gestational age births; Background and Aims: Large-for-gestational age (LGA) births is associated with an increased risk of pediatric obesity and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is frequently first identified by elevated serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT). Elevated ALT levels in pregnant women are associated with an increased risk of LGA births. However, there is limited evidence on the association between the maternal dietary patterns and LGA. We aimed to identify the maternal dietary patterns among Japanese pregnant women that associated with an increased risk of LGA births. Method: This case-control study enrolled pregnant women with LGA or appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) infants attending our hospital from 26-5-2015 to 25-10-2017. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Exclusion criteria were as follows: multiple gestations, diabetes mellitus (DM), gestational DM, hepatitis virus, and alcohol use in pregnancy. We collected information on maternal diet using a food frequency questionnaire at three time points: first, second, and third trimester. Maternal ALT levels were measured in the third trimester. In addition, to investigate whether genetic background acts as a related factor of LGA births, PNPLA3 polymorphism (rs738409) and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) polymorphism (rs1800591) were determined using ABI PRISM 377 DNA sequencer. Maternal baseline characteristics were compared between the LGA and AGA groups with statistical analysis of Student's t-test and chi-square test or Fisher exact test. A two-tailed P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Of 541 recruited pregnant women, we identified 46 women with LGA infants and 414 women with AGA infants. The dropout rate was 7.0%. The maternal body weight gain during pregnancy, logtransformed ALT levels and total energy intake at third trimester were significantly higher in the LGA group than in the AGA group. The intake of low-fat dairy products per 1,000 kcal of energy intake in the LGA group was significantly lower than that in the AGA group. In addition, rates of keeping in mind eating vegetable and fish in the LGA group were significantly lower than in the AGA group. There were no differences in glucose levels, maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, genotype and allele frequency of PNPLA3 and MTP, and intake of normal- and high-fat dairy products between the two groups. Conclusion: These findings suggest that some maternal dietary patterns are associated with an increased risk of LGA births. Further studies will be required to clarify these issues in the future. (Figure presented).
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle; Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity, dysglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether systemic impairment in insulin sensitivity is associated with lower insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in peripheral insulin target tissues, such as liver or skeletal muscle. We performed hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies and observed that letrozole-treated mice were indeed insulin resistant independent of body weight. Additionally, letrozole-treated mice had an overall lower glucose infusion rate and glucose turnover, when normalized to body weight. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited an impaired insulin-stimulated glucose disposal rate, which is indicative of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. In contrast, there was no difference observed in insulin-stimulated suppression of hepatic glucose production. Lastly, ex vivo 2-deoxyglucose uptake into skeletal muscle upon insulin stimulation was significantly reduced in letrozole-treated mice compared to placebo. These results are in agreement with our previous findings that indicated skeletal muscle-specific insulin signaling (as measured by AKT phosphorylation) was blunted in letrozole-treated mice. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle. Future studies will focus on mechanisms involved in skeletal insulin resistance in this mouse model.
The brown-fat-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 is decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: Neuregulin 4 has recently been recognized as a novel adipokine secreted by brown adipose tissue (BAT), with beneficial effects on murine insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. Yet, thus far, neither regulation of neuregulin 4 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) nor its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period have been elucidated. Methods: Circulating neuregulin 4 levels were measured by ELISA in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy, gestational-age-matched controls. Also, neuregulin 4 was quantified during pregnancy and compared with postpartum levels in a follow-up study of 25 women with previous GDM and 25 healthy control women. Results: Women with GDM had lower median serum levels of the novel BAT-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 (3.0 μg/L) compared with healthy (non-GDM) pregnant controls (3.5 μg/L
Irisin in metabolic diseases; Introduction: Irisin is a myokine/adipokine induced by the exercise in mice and humans, which is proposed to induce “browning” of white adipose tissue, its primary target, thus increasing thermogenesis and energy expenditure. Since its identification, irisin has been linked to favorable effects on metabolic diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), lipid metabolism and cardiovascular disease (CVD), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and metabolic bone diseases. Generally, despite the promising profile of irisin in rodents, its effects on human are less recognized. Review: Most, but not all studies show a positive association between irisin and indices of adiposity. In T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD, most observational studies reported lower irisin levels in patients than controls. Regarding metabolic bone diseases, irisin is positively associated with bone mineral density and strength in athletes, and inversely associated with osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal osteoporosis. In PCOS, data remain largely conflicting. Irisin does not seem to be further reduced when two metabolic diseases, e.g., T2DM and NAFLD, or obesity and NAFLD exist though more data are needed. Furthermore, it seems that diverse confounders may have affected the results of different clinical studies. Conclusion: Irisin remains an appealing molecule from a pathophysiological point of view and an appealing therapeutic target for metabolic diseases, albeit much research is still needed.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester as a risk factor for large-for-gestationalage birthweight: A prospective study; OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from glycogen breakdown) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids, or leptin) and excessive fetal birthweight has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study designed to examine the risk of GDM in women with NAFLD. Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10-14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as normal, mild, and moderate/severe. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age using data derived from a Korean population. RESULTS: A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/623). 18.9% (118/623) had NAFLD [mild fatty liver 14.4% (90/623) and moderate/severe fatty liver in 4.5% (28/623)]. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with moderate/severe fatty liver in the first trimester (the risk of LGA, 10.1% in normal liver echogenicity vs. 8.9% in mild fatty liver vs. 32.1% in moderate/severe fatty liver, p<0.005) (Figure). The relationship between moderate/severe fatty liver and LGA remained significant after adjustment for pre-gestational BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels (RR 3.228
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy and associated feto-maternal outcomes in a tertiary care hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh; Background: Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is a growing public health concern globally. NAFLD has been linked with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to describe the clinical and laboratory profile and pregnancy outcomes of patients with fatty liver disease. Method: We conducted the study from January 2017 to October 2017 at a tertiary care teaching hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh. We enrolled pregnant women who consented to participate in the study. We collected demographic and clinical information using a pre-tested questionnaire. We investigated for evidence of fatty liver disease by ultrasonographs. Other investigations which included blood glucose level, lipid profile and liver function tests were also performed. Pregnancy outcomes of all enrolled participants were recorded during delivery. Result: We enrolled 103 patients. Mean age of the patients was 27 years (range 18-39 years). Eighteen patients were enrolled during first trimester, 32 in second and 53 in third trimesters. Of 103, 3 (2.9%) patients had known history of fatty liver disease, 11 (10.7%) had hypertension, 11 (10.7%) had Gestational Diabetes Mellitus but none had previous history of Diabetes Mellitus. Among 103 patients, 8 (7.8%) patients had previous pregnancy related complications and 32 (31%) had foetal complications including still birth, abortion, neonatal death and intrauterine death (IUD). Of all patients, 92 (89%) had grade 1, 10 (9.7%) had grade 2 and one (0.9%) patient had grade 3 fatty liver. Of 103, 35 (32%) patients had high fasting blood sugar level and 26 (24.1%) patients had positive Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT). Of all patients, 31% (34/103) had a high cholesterol level, none had abnormal High Density Lipid (HDL), 5.8% (6/103) had high Low Density Lipid (LDL) and 78.6% (81/103) had high Triglyceride (TG) level. Of 103 patients, USG identified 3 patients with abnormal foetal profile. Only 2 patients had adverse pregnancy outcome: one IUD and one abortion. Conclusion: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease increases the risk of maternal and foetal complications. Pregnant women should regularly screen for fatty liver disease for early detection and intervention.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis: A challenge to diagnose postpartum; Introduction: Hypernatremia during pregnancy is not commonly encountered. Additionally, differentiating between transient diabetes insipidus of pregnancy from central or nephrogenic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy poses additional dilemma. Moreover, lymphocytic hypophysitis as an etiologic disorder contributing to the hypernatremia is rare. Here, we report a complex case of lymphocytic hypophysis diagnosed postpartum. Case Description: A 32 year old, 37 weeks pregnant female underwent emergent cesarean section due to concerns for fetal compromise and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Preoperative labs were notable for acute kidney injury (creatinine 3.3mg/dL), elevated liver enzymes (AST 259 U/L, ALT 536 U/L, TB 5.1 mg/dL), significant coagulopathy, and hypoglycemia. Her presenting sodium was 141 mmol/L which progressively increased and peaked to 156 mmol/L post operatively with 5 to 7L urine output daily. Per patient, for approximately 1.5 weeks prior to presentation, she had been experiencing significant polyuria and polydipsia. Urine osmolality was 137 mosm/kg. At first, her hypernatremia was attributed to transient gestational diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy amplified by acute fatty liver of pregnancy, however further workup changed the diagnosis to central diabetes insipidus secondary to hypophysitis due to ACTH <5pg/mL, A.M. cortisol 0.8 ug/dL, FSH 0.3IU/L, LH <0.1IU/L, TSH 0.28uL/mL, and FT4 0.6ng/dL. Furthermore, MRI of the brain revealed absence of the normal pituitary bright spot, and thickened pituitary stalk. She was started on prednisone, ddavp, and levothyroxine and did well. Six months postpartum her MRI brain revealed resolution of the thickened pituitary stalk, reappearance of the pituitary bright spot, as well as a smaller pituitary gland. She still remains on oral desmopressin as well as levothyroxine supplementation. Discussion: Diagnosing lymphocytic hypophysitis in the postpartum period can be a challenge. Although rare, most cases occur in late pregnancy or in the postpartum period and one must keep this in the differential when evaluating a pregnant or postpartum woman with hypernatremia. Multidisciplinary team approach and expertise involving the endocrinologist, nephrologist, and obstetrician is important for quick diagnosis and for prompt treatment to avoid life threatening complications that could ensue.
Use and importance of nonhuman primates in metabolic disease research: Current state of the field; Obesity and its multiple metabolic sequelae, including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and fatty liver disease, are becoming increasingly widespread in both the developed and developing world. There is an urgent need to identify new approaches for the prevention and treatment of these costly and prevalent metabolic conditions. Accomplishing this will require the use of appropriate animal models for preclinical and translational investigations in metabolic disease research. Although studies in rodent models are often useful for target/pathway identification and testing hypotheses, there are important differences in metabolic physiology between rodents and primates, and experimental findings in rodent models have often failed to be successfully translated into new, clinically useful therapeutic modalities in humans. Nonhuman primates represent a valuable and physiologically relevant model that serve as a critical translational bridge between basic studies performed in rodent models and clinical studies in humans. The purpose of this review is to evaluate the evidence, including a number of specific examples, in support of the use of nonhuman primate models in metabolic disease research, as well as some of the disadvantages and limitations involved in the use of nonhuman primates. The evidence taken as a whole indicates that nonhuman primates are and will remain an indispensable resource for evaluating the efficacy and safety of novel therapeutic strategies targeting clinically important metabolic diseases, including dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hepatic steatosis, steatohepatitis, and hepatic fibrosis, and potentially the cognitive decline and dementia associated with metabolic dysfunction, prior to taking these therapies into clinical trials in humans.
A novel homozygous mutation causing lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency in a proband of Romanian origin with a record of extreme gestational hyperlipidemia; A patient from Romania with extraordinarily high total cholesterol levels and clinical and biochemical features consistent with familial lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency is reported. The genetic analysis performed on our proband showed a novel homozygous mutation on codon 119 of lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase gene that causes the substitution of glycine by aspartate. The same mutation, also in homozygosis, was observed in her older sister, whereas his brother presented it in heterozygosis.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia induces hepatic steatosis in mouse offspring via altered lipid gene expressions; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the effects of antenatal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia on offspring's lipid metabolism and the potential mechanism. DESIGN: We examined lipid metabolism of male offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and detected relevant genes expressions to explore the underlying mechanism. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnant ICR mice were injected with a single injection of streptozotocin to establish a GDM model. We examined birth weight, 3-week and 8-week body weight (BW), liver weight and fat weight of the offspring of control (F1-C) and GDM (F1-GDM). Further, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing (IPGTT) was performed at the age of 3 and 8 weeks. Hepatic content of triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) were measured as well as serum concentrations of lipids. Frozen liver samples were stained with Oil- Red-O and hematoxylin. Quantitative real-time PCR were performed to detect genes expressions associated with lipid metabolism. For each group, n>8. Statistical analysis was performed by unpaired two-tailed Student t test (version 22.0
Metabolic syndrome: Sex-related cardiovascular risk & therapeutic approach; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: The most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender
Prediagnostic liver enzymes, abdominal adiposity, and risk of gestational diabetes; Liver enzymes are markers of liver fat deposits and may play a role in glucose homeostasis, but their individual roles during pregnancy and interaction with abdominal adiposity in relation to subsequent risk of GDM remain unclear. We prospectively investigated alanine aminotransferase (ALT), γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) and waist-to-hip-ratio (WHR) in relation to GDM risk in a nested case-control study within the Pregnancy Environment and Lifestyle Study. Among 815 women who had delivered by June 2015, 78 GDM cases were diagnosed at 24-28 weeks of gestation and each was matched to two controls on age, race/ethnicity and gestational weeks at blood draw. Serum ALT and GGT were measured at visit 1 (V1, 10-13 gestational weeks) and visit 2 (V2, 16-19 gestational weeks). Waist and hip circumferences were measured at V1. Compared to controls, GDM cases had higher levels of ALT and GGT at both V1 and V2 and higher WHR (all P<0.05). After adjustment for parity, family history of diabetes and alcohol consumption, GGT but not ALT in the highest vs. lowest quartile at V1 and V2 was associated with a 3.01-fold (95% CI 1.23-7.38) and 3.06-fold (1.18-7.94) increased GDM risk, respectively
Altered fatty acid and mitochondrial metabolism in the liver of pregnant adiponectin-deficient mice contributes to insulin resistance and gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy-related health condition. While genetics, lifestyle and diet contribute to development of GDM, evidence suggests that low levels of adiponectin increases the risk for GDM. Adiponectin is a fat derived hormone that improves the sensitivity of tissues to insulin. We hypothesize that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, ultimately contributing to the development of GDM. Methods We compared the glucose and insulin tolerance of pregnant (3rd trimester) adiponectin-/- (strain B6
Developmental origins of NAFLD: A womb with a clue; Changes in the maternal environment leading to an altered intrauterine milieu can result in subtle insults to the fetus, promoting increased lifetime disease risk and/or disease acceleration in childhood and later in life. Particularly worrisome is that the prevalence of NAFLD is rapidly increasing among children and adults, and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages, pointing towards an early-life origin. A wealth of evidence, in humans and non-human primates, suggests that maternal nutrition affects the placenta and fetal tissues, leading to persistent changes in hepatic metabolism, mitochondrial function, the intestinal microbiota, liver macrophage activation and susceptibility to NASH postnatally. Deleterious exposures in utero include fetal hypoxia, increased nutrient supply, inflammation and altered gut microbiota that might produce metabolic clues, including fatty acids, metabolites, endotoxins, bile acids and cytokines, which prime the infant liver for NAFLD in a persistent manner and increase susceptibility to NASH. Mechanistic links to early disease pathways might involve shifts in lipid metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, pioneering gut microorganisms, macrophage programming and epigenetic changes that alter the liver microenvironment, favouring liver injury. In this Review, we discuss how maternal, fetal, neonatal and infant exposures provide developmental clues and mechanisms to help explain NAFLD acceleration and increased disease prevalence. Mechanisms identified in clinical and preclinical models suggest important opportunities for prevention and intervention that could slow down the growing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference; OBJECTIVE Type 2 diabetes increases the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a potentially reversible condition but is also associated with progressive fibrosis and cirrhosis. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have a higher risk for NAFLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS One hundred women without diabetes who had pGDM (median [interquartile range]: age 38.6 [6.4] years
Elevated unexplained alanine amniotransferase and subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia; OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease(NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase(ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or insulin resistance in adults, but the clinical significance of ALTor NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy
Obesity: Increasing risk of morbidity in children and adolescents: Determinants, consequences and prevention of childhood overweight and obesity; Over the recent years, the prevalence of childhood obesity has increased rapidly worldwide, likely as a result of complex interactions between genes, dietary intake, physical activity, and the environment. The determinants of childhood obesity is multifactorial and involves a complex relationship among various non-modifiable and modifiable factors. Apart from genetic factors, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and adiposity rebound are some of the important non-modifiable factors. Evaluating modifiable factors contributing to obesity (weight gain during infancy, physical activity, diet, sleep, parental feeding practices, screentime, parental obesity and families from lower socioeconomic status) is an important step towards effective intervention. Childhood obesity is associated with significant short and long-term health and social consequences. Childhood obesity affects nearly every organ of the body. Short term health impacts such as hypertension, dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance (metabolic syndrome) which were earlier considered markers of adult cardiovascular disease, are now common among obese children. Long term health impacts of childhood obesity although less commonly seen by paediatrician, include premature cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS), infertility and orthopaedic pain. Prevention is more effective than treatment in dealing with the rising prevalence of childhood obesity. Roots of obesity can be traced to very early in life and appropriate prenatal and postnatal nutrition can help to reduce the risk of overweight/obesity in adulthood. Establishing healthy dietary and lifestyle habits after birth and throughout the childhood and adolescent period can help reduce the risk of childhood obesity. Child health clinics, school health screening programmes, as well as general paediatricians/family physicians are at the first line of defense even before the BMI crosses the acceptable range and hence play a crucial role in prevention and treatment of childhood obesity. Routine anthropometric measurement are essential during clinic visits to detect overweight/ obesity at an early stage, thus permitting necessary actions to be taken. Once the child's BMI crosses the overweight percentile, individualise interventions are critical for successful weight management. The Staged Approach recommended by the American Academy of Paediatrics (AAP) involves multi- disciplinary team as early as Stage 2. The need for multi-disciplinary team involvement increases as the problem escalate.
Metformin: From Research to Clinical Practice; Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Placental and cord blood DNA methylation profiling in small-for-gestational-age newborns from uncomplicated pregnancies: Relationship to prenatal growth and postnatal body composition; Background: Fetal growth is partly regulated by epigenetic factors, such as DNA methylation. Altered methylation status in placental genes relates to gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and prematurity. However, the epigenetic mechanisms underlying fetal growth restraint in uncomplicated pregnancies remain unknown. Objective and hypotheses: We aimed at identifying new candidate genes related to fetal growth, by assessing DNA methylation profiling in placenta and cord blood - as well as expression levels of differentially methylated genes-in newborns born appropiate- (AGA) or small-for-gestational-age (SGA). Method: Placentas and cord blood samples were collected from uncomplicated pregnancies delivering term AGA (birthweight, between - 1.1 and 1.1 S.D.
The effect of one-year treatment with a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist on NAFLD in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This study evaluates the effect of one-year treatment with liraglutide on NAFLD in non-diabetic women with prior GDM. Materials and methods: Non-diabetic women with prior GDM (n=82, age (mean±standard deviation): 38±5 years, body weight: 88±16 kg, BMI: 32±5 kg/m2) participating in a randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial evaluating liraglutide 1.8 mg subcutaneously once-daily (n=37) vs placebo (n=45) underwent abdominal ultrasound scanning to diagnose NAFLD at baseline and after one year. A subgroup (n=60) also underwent transient elastography scanning (FibroScan®) with assessment of intrahepatic fat by controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) at baseline and after one year (CAP: 266±48 dB/m). Results: None of the participants had elevated liver blood tests or cirrhosis at baseline. Based on the abdominal ultrasound and elastography scanning, 18 women had NAFLD at baseline. Eleven women (13%) developed NAFLD during the one-year follow-up. Eight women had NAFLD at baseline, but not after one year. These women had lower alanine aminotransferase levels at the end of followup compared to baseline (p=0.042). None of the remaining patient characteristics were associated with resolution of NAFLD. Liraglutide had no effect on the prevention, development or resolution of NAFLD (p=NS), but significantly reduced intrahepatic fat assessed by CAP compared to placebo (-35±52 vs -5±52 dB/m, p=0.003). Liraglutide reduced body weight (4.7±5.2 vs 1.4±5.5 kg, p=0.007), but this effect was not associated with CAP values or resolution of NAFLD in multivariate analyses. Conclusion: This one-year trial found no effect of liraglutide on the presence of NAFLD in women with prior GDM but a significant greater weight loss and reduced steatosis as measured by CAP was observed in women treated with liraglutide compared to placebo.
The Association of Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes; Background: Elevated alanine amino transferase, attributed to nonalcoholic fatty liver, is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. We sought to determine whether maternal ALT values are associated with subsequent development of gestational diabetes. Methods: We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected in early gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or alcohol use. We included 83 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 247 controls matched for prepregnancy body-mass index (BMI) and compared ALT values. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with ALT ≥19 U/L, stratified by prepregnancy BMI. Results: The median (interquartile range) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in controls (P = 0.07). Among women with a prepregnancy BMI <30 kg/m2, ALT ≥19 U/L was associated with a fourfold increased odds of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no such association among obese women (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]). Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased odds of GDM in nonobese (aOR 3.15 [1.04,9.54]), but not obese (aOR 3.15 [0.30,3.15]) women. Conclusion: The association of high normal ALT and later GDM in nonobese women may reflect the role of hepatic insulin resistance and visceral obesity.
The Progression and Natural History of Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver disease in the United States. Childhood NAFLD is associated with hepatic and nonhepatic morbidity and mortality. Nonhepatic associations include cardiovascular, metabolic, pulmonary, and psychological disorders. Cardiovascular conditions observed in childhood include left ventricular dysfunction. Furthermore, childhood obesity is associated with greater odds of having hepatocellular carcinoma as an adult. Evidence suggests that NAFLD may begin in utero in children of diabetic mothers. Thus rigorous efforts for structured diagnosis and follow-up are a priority to better develop the understanding of outcomes in pediatric NAFLD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives:Insulin resistance is central to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD in middle age.Methods:Women from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered ≥1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n=1,115). History of GDM by self-report, validated in a subsample by review of antenatal glucose testing, and metabolic risk factors were assessed prospectively. NAFLD was defined by liver attenuation (LA)≤40 Hounsfield Units on CT scan after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis.Results:Of 1,115 women meeting selection criteria (57% black, 43% white, median age 25 years at baseline), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met the CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. The crude risk of NAFLD at the 25-year visit was significantly higher in women with GDM compared to those without (14 vs. 5.8%, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, P<0.01). History of GDM remained associated with NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, P=0.01) after adjustment for covariates in multivariable logistic regression. Addition of incident diabetes mellitus (DM) into the final model attenuated the association between GDM and NAFLD (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 0.73-3.02, P=0.28). Conclusion: GDM is a risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify women at risk for NAFLD at a young age and may be mediated by the development of incident DM.
Adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered the most common liver disease in the world, but little is known about its potential association with pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to investigate pregnancy outcomes in NAFLD. Methods: The Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) was used to identify births between 1992 and 2011 (N=1960416). By linkage with the National Patient Register, we identified women with a diagnosis of NAFLD. The MBR was then used to identify outcomes: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, Apgar score <7 at 5min, preterm birth (<37weeks), low birth weight (<2500g), infants born small for gestational age and congenital malformations. As controls, we used women with no diagnosis for NAFLD divided into two groups
Obstetric complications in obese pregnant women, associated with liver steatosis; The aim of the present study was to identify the liver steatosis in obese pregnant women and to educe the obstetric complications. Materials and methods: The study included 203 obese women. The 132 patients were associated with liver steatosis and group for comparison- 71 obese women without liver steatosis. The examination included biochemical indexes of liver function, lipid spectrum and ultrasound of the liver. Patients who were examined before pregnancy were most valuably treated in two stages during 1-3 months: Vitamin factor of group B, containing inosit (1000 mgs) and folacin (0,1 mgs) per a day and omega 3 polyunsaturated fat acids (300 mgs) per a day. Then during pregnancy was administered 3-sn Phosphatidylcholine (1800 mg per a day) for 1-3 months. Control of the liver condition was carried out three times during pregnancy. It is shown that in pregnant women are not receiving treatment steatohepatitis were significantly more frequent obstetric complications: preeclampsia, chronic placental insufficiency, than those who got treatment. The observation showed that gestational diabetes on insulin significantly more frequent associated women with liver steatosis (50 %, p-0.001), than women just with obesity. The observation showed that gestational diabetes on insulin significantly more frequent associated women with liver steatosis (p-0.001), than women just with obesity. Conducted through the treatment, despite the initial changes of biochemical parameters of liver function, lipid spectrum, it was achieved normalization of all indexes in patients with liver steatosis. The treatment favorably affected pregnancy and delivery outcomes.
The effect of one-year treatment with the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist liraglutide on NAFLD in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This study evaluates the effect of one-year treatment with liraglutide on NAFLD in nondiabetic women with prior GDM. The study includes a subgroup of patients from a randomised, double-blinded, investigator-initiated, placebo-controlled trial examining nondiabetic women with prior GDM for whom we have full data set (n=82, age (mean±standard deviation): 38±5 years, body weight: 88±16 kg, BMI: 32±5 kg/m2) allocated to liraglutide 1.8 mg subcutaneously once daily (n=37) or placebo (n=45). All women underwent abdominal ultrasound to diagnose NAFLD at baseline and after one year and a subgroup (n=60) also underwent transient elastography (FibroScan®) with assessment of intrahepatic fat by controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) both at baseline and after one year (CAP: 266±48 dB/m). None had elevated liver blood tests or cirrhosis at baseline. Based on the abdominal ultrasound and elastography, 18 women had NAFLD at baseline. Eleven women (13%) developed NAFLD during the one-year follow-up. Eight women had NAFLD at baseline, but not after one year. These women had lower alanine aminotransferase levels at the end of follow-up compared to baseline (P=0.042). None of the remaining patient characteristics were associated with resolution of NAFLD. Liraglutide had no effect on the prevention, development or resolution of NAFLD (NS), but significantly reduced intrahepatic fat assessed by CAP compared to placebo (-35±52 vs. -5±52 dB/m, P=0.003). Liraglutide reduced bodyweight (4.7±5.2 vs. 1.4±5.5 kg, P=0.007), but this effect was not associated with CAP values or resolution of NAFLD in multivariable analyses. This one-year trial found no effect of liraglutide on presence of NAFLD but a significant weight loss and reduced steatosis as measured by CAP was observed.
Liver complications and hepatitis in pregnancy; Liver complications are not frequently encountered in pregnancy, most of which are related to obstetric disorders that include preeclampsia/ HELLP syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, obstetric cholestasis, and hyperemesis gravidarum, and occasionally biliary obstruction. In the majority of cases, abnormal liver function is detected following the clinical presentation of the aforementioned obstetric complications. However, in areas endemic for hepatitis, liver dysfunction could be related to acute or chronic hepatitis, with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection being the commonest form encountered especially in areas endemic for HBV infection. In many instances, the HBV infection is unknown or undiagnosed before pregnancy, being only picked up on antenatal screening. Maternal-tochild- transmission is considered the major issue for pregnancies complicated by maternal HBV infection, and the emphasis is placed on the prevention of vertical transmission using antenatal treatment with antiviral agents, immunoglobulin, and neonatal immunoprophylaxis. However, there is now increasing awareness of HBV infection affecting obstetric outcome, even in the case of asymptomatic infection. The findings in the literature is nevertheless conflicting, which varied from no adverse effect, increased adverse outcome such as preterm birth, prelabour rupture of membranes, fetal loss, gestational diabetes mellitus, and antepartum haemorrhage, as well as some apparently beneficial effect in terms of enhanced infant size and birthweight, and reduction of pre-eclampsia. These reports are reviewed here together with the possible explanations on the apparently paradoxical findings. A recommendation on the management of incidental finding of abnormal liver function test will be provided.
Insulin resistance and high amount of visceral fat characterize women with previous gestational diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; In type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is linked to cardiovascular disease and progressive liver disease. Because of their high risk of type 2 diabetes, women with previous GDM (pGDM) may be at high risk of developing NAFLD. Non-diabetic women with pGDM (n=98, age: 38±1 years) underwent 75g oral glucose tolerance test, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry whole body scan and ultrasound scan, elastography (a novel, non-invasive way of measuring steatosis, returns an E-median index) and fibroscan of the liver to evaluate steatosis and fibrosis. The median of ten representative elastographic measurements is provided as the E-median. Twenty-six (27%) women had steatosis based on the ultrasound scan and 72 (73%) were without steatosis. When comparing the two groups, the women with NAFLD had significantly higher BMI (34±1 vs. 31±1 kg/m2 (mean±SEM), P=0.001) and android-to-gynoid fat-ratio (1.2±0 vs. 1.1±0, P=0.021), had larger visceral fat mass (1,488±136 vs. 1,009±60 g, P=0.003), were more insulin resistant as evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment 2 (HOMA2IR) (2.5±0 vs. 1.7±0, P=0.019), and had higher fasting C-peptide (672±61 vs. 496±21 pmol/L, P=0.011), E-median (1.7±0 vs. 0.9±0, P=0.001), and liver enzyme levels (alanine aminotransferase: 34±4 vs. 23±1 U/L, P=0.017
The association of elevated first trimester alt with gestational diabetes mellitus; There is a well-established association of elevated alanine aminotransferase, attributed to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus among non-pregnant adults. We therefore sought to determine whether ALT values in early pregnancy were associated with development of gestational diabetes (GDM). We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected between 8-18 weeks gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy and documented by medical record review. We included 83 cases who were later diagnosed with GDM and 247 controls matched for pre-pregnancy BMI and with a 3rd trimester 50-g GLT result ≤120mg/dL. We compared early ALT values in cases with controls. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with elevated ALT, stratified by first trimester BMI. Cases, women who were later diagnosed with GDM, were older (mean age±SD 34±5 vs. 32±6 years, p=0.001) and more likely to be of Asian ethnicity (16.9% vs. 2.8%, p=0.03) than controls, but otherwise were similar. The median (IQR) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in women with normal glucose tolerance (p=0.07). Among non-obese women (first trimester BMI <30kg/m2), ALT above the 75% ile (19 IU/L) was associated with a four-fold increased risk of GDM (adjusted OR 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no association (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]) among obese women. Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased risk of GDM in non-obese (aOR 3.15 [1.04, 9.54]) but not in obese (aOR 0.97 [0.30, 3.15]) women. Elevated ALT early in pregnancy was associated with increased risk for GDM in non-obese women. Elevated ALT may be a useful indicator of GDM risk in a population currently considered low-risk for GDM.
Elevated first trimester ALT is associated with large for gestational age birthweight; INTRODUCTION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver reflects hepatic insulin resistance and is a key feature of metabolic syndrome. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on fetal growth. The purpose of this study was therefore to investigate the association of early elevated ALT with large for gestational age birthweight. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of ALT values measured between 8-18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes (GDM). We included women with singleton gestations and without known diabetes, liver disease or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined LGA as at or above the 90%ile. We compared baseline characteristics with either ANOVA, Fisher's exact test or Wilcoxon rank sum. Covariates were identified by univariate regression analysis. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between either ALT≥90%ile or logALT and LGA adjusting for maternal age, BMI, parity, GDM, smoking and maternal weight gain. RESULTS: We identified 26 cases of LGA out of 323 subjects. The mean(SD) maternal BMI was higher in the LGA group compared to controls (33.7[4.3] vs 28.9[6.5] p=0.002) and LGA babies were less likely to be male (8[31%] vs 172[58%] p=0.01) and had a higher mean (SD) gestational age (39.5w[0.9] vs 38.4[2.3] p=0.01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The geometric mean (95%CI) ALT among the LGA cases was 20.3U/L (14.7,28.1) compared to 14.2U/L(13.4,14.9) for controls. ALT ≥90%ile (26U/L) was associated with a four-fold increased odds of LGA (adjusted OR 4.03 [2.84,5.70] p<0.0001). Each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a three-fold odds of LGA (aOR 3.05 [2.27,4.10] p<0.0001). The association remained when analysis was restricted to women without GDM (ALT≥90%ile aOR 4.21 [1.20,14.82] p=0.03
Isoleucine-to-methionine substitution at residue 148 variant of PNPLA3 gene and metabolic outcomes in gestational diabetes; Background: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) of the patatinlike phospholipase-3 (PNPLA3)/adiponutrin gene (rs738409 C>G) is strongly associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome; Key points: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication of pregnancy, but its effects on the offspring are poorly understood. We developed a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus that recapitulates many of the clinical features of the disease, including excessive gestational weight gain, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and mild hyperglycaemia. Compared to the offspring of lean dams, exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus during the prenatal period resulted in obesity, hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young rat offspring that consumed a postnatal diet that was low in fat. The combination of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the postnatal consumption of a high-fat diet by the offspring caused a more severe metabolic phenotype. Metabolomic profiling of the liver tissues of the offspring of gestational diabetic dams revealed accumulation of lipotoxic lipids and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine levels compared to the offspring of lean dams. The results establish that gestational diabetes mellitus is a driver of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in the offspring. Maternal obesity is associated with a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a common complication of pregnancy. The influence of maternal obesity and GDM on the metabolic health of the offspring is poorly understood. We hypothesize that GDM associated with maternal obesity will cause obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (45%) and sucrose (HFS) diet to cause maternal obesity and GDM. Lean control pregnant rats received low-fat (LF
Hyperglycemia: Mody: A diagnosis to remember; Background: The detection of hyperglycemia on occasional evaluation raises the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus (DM). Maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY), namely glucokinase deficiency, should be considered in cases of non-progressive hyperglycemia associated with a positive family history. Objective and hypotheses: We describe two unrelated cases of asymptomatic hyperglycemia where glucokinase mutations were detected. Method: Case report. Results: Case 1: Female child. Family history: the father has impaired fasting glucose and hepatic steatosis
Unusual cases of diabetes mellitus as a result of heterozygous missense mutation R482W in Lmna gene in 2 unrelated families, described for the first time in Russian population; Background: Familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) is a rare genetic condition, associated with different metabolic disorders, like insulin resistant diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, hepatic steatosis, cardiovascular disease, PCOS and reproductive problems. Clinical case 1: A 20 y.o. woman first presented with abnormal subcutaneous fat redistribution, acanthosis nigricans, diabetes since 18 y.o., with significant insulin resistance (insulin daily dosage up to 200 U and combined therapy with no effect). Despite different therapeutic strategies, glycemic control was poor: HbA1c 15.4% (< 6.5%), glycemic levels during the day 13.0-25.0 mmol/l (3.9-6.1)
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m 2) and 14 healthy control females (CON
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Obese pregnant women may transmit their metabolic phenotype to offspring, leading to a cycle of obesity and diabetes over generations. Early childhood obesity predicts nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic human liver disease. The fetus may be vulnerable to steatosis because immature fetal adipose depots are not available to buffer the excess transplacental lipid delivery in maternal obesity. In animal models, in utero high-fat diet exposure results in an increase in the accumulation of liver triglycerides in offspring and increased hepatic oxidative stress and apoptosis, perhaps priming the liver for later development of NAFLD. Innate immune dysfunction and necroinflammatory changes have been observed in postnatal offspring liver of animals born to high-fat-fed dams. Postweaning, livers of offspring exposed to maternal high-fat feeding in utero share pathophysiologic features with human NAFLD, including increased de novo lipogenesis and decreased free fatty acid oxidation. Human studies using magnetic resonance imaging have shown that maternal BMI predicts infant intrahepatocellular lipid storage, as seen in animal models. The generational transfer of NAFLD may occur via epigenetic changes in offspring liver. Transmission of microbiota from mother to infant may impact energy retention and immune function that contribute to a predisposition to NAFLD. © 2014 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Pregravid liver enzyme levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus during a subsequent pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: Liver enzymes are independent predictors of type 2 diabetes. Although liver fat content correlates with features of insulin resistance, a risk factor for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the relationship between liver enzymes and GDM is unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether pregravid liver enzyme levels are associated with subsequent risk of GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A nested case-control study was conducted among women who participated in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California multiphasic health checkup (1984-1996) and had a subsequent pregnancy (1984-2009). Case patients were 256 women who developed GDM. Two control subjects were selected for each case patient and matched for year of blood draw, age at examination, age at pregnancy, and number of intervening pregnancies. RESULTS: Being in the highest quartile versus the lowest quartile of γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels was associated with a twofold increased risk of subsequent GDM (odds ratio 1.97 [95% CI 1.14-3.42]), after adjusting for race/ethnicity, prepregnancy BMI, family history of diabetes, and alcohol use. This result was attenuated after adjusting for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting status, and rate of gestational weight gain. There was significant interaction between GGT and HOMA-IR
A Possible Role of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome for Pregnancy Complications in Women with Psoriasis; Postmarketing Phase IV Psoriasis is a common, chronic, relapsing immune-mediated inflammatory disease (IMID) of the skin. IMIDs are multifactorial diseases characterized by common molecular pathways leading to a systemic inflammation. Patients with an IMID are also at higher risk of developing co-morbidities, such as adverse pregnancy outcomes, than the general population. A higher rate of pregnancy complications have been seen in inflammatory bowel disease and rheumatoid arthritis. The data for psoriasis are inconsistent but it appears that women with moderate-to-severe psoriasis may also have an increased risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. The cause of this association is unknown, although it may be related to elevated proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-6 and TNF-α, the high prevalence of comorbidities and other unhealthy behaviours, or the high prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In a recent study, PCOS prevalence in a psoriatic cohort (n = 51) was higher than in non-psoriatic women (n = 102) (47% versus 11%), and women with PCOS and psoriasis had a greater probability of insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia, and dyslipidaemia as well as a more severe skin condition, than those with psoriasis alone. Further studies are necessary to clarify the impact of psoriasis on pregnancy and in particular if these effects are mediated by concomitant PCOS.
Leptin and epilepsy; Leptin (from the greek word leptos meaning “thin”) was identified in 1994 by positional cloning of the ob gene responsible for obesity in homozygous ob/ob mice - the experimental model of obesity characterized in 1950s and extensively used since that time in experimental studies. Leptin, encoded by the Ob gene, is the 16 kDa protein synthesized and secreted by white adipose tissue, which acts on hypothalamic neurons to suppress food intake and increase energy expenditure. Homozygous ob/ob mice do not produce functional leptin and consequently develop severe obesity as a result of hyperphagia and reduced energy expenditure (decrease in locomotor activity and lower basal metabolic rate as reflected by decrease in body temperature). In addition, ob/ob mice exhibit severe insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, hypercortisolemia and infertility. Administration of recombinant leptin normalizes body weight and corrects all metabolic abnormalities in these animals [Zhang et al., Nature, 2004]. Inherited leptin deficiency is a very rare cause of obesity in humans. Most obese individuals have high plasma leptin concentration, which reflects greater amount of adipose tissue and resistance of hypothalamus to anorectic effect of this hormone. Leptin is responsible for “adipostat” - the negative feedback mechanism which regulates food intake depending on the amount of triglyceride stores in adipose tissue. Currently it is suspected that the main physiological role of leptin is to signal energy deficit. When the amount of adipose tissue decreases as the effect of food restriction, hypoleptinemia results in increase in appetite, decrease in energy expenditure, and inhibition of energy-consuming processes such as inflammatory/ immune response and reproduction. Leptin receptor belongs to a class I cytokine receptors and is a single membrane-spanning protein which consists of extracellular, transmembrane and intracellular domains. Six isoforms of the leptin receptor, Ob-Ra through Ob-Re, have been identified. They are encoded by a single gene and are synthesized by alternative mRNA splicing. All of them (except Ob-Re) share the same extracellular and transmembrane domains but differ in intracellular domain. The longest isoform, Ob-Rb, responsible for anorectic effect of leptin stimulates cytosolic tyrosine kinase Jak2 which phosphorylates Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription-3 (STAT-3) protein
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid; Aims/hypothesis: We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated
Partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance and adult progeria Werner syndrome; Background: Laminopathies, due to mutations in LMNA, encoding A type-lamins, can lead to premature ageing and/or lipodystrophic syndromes, showing that these diseases could have close physiopathological relationships. We show here that lipodystrophy and extreme insulin resistance can also reveal the adult progeria Werner syndrome linked to mutations in WRN, encoding a RecQ DNA helicase. Methods. We analysed the clinical and biological features of two women, aged 32 and 36, referred for partial lipodystrophic syndrome which led to the molecular diagnosis of Werner syndrome. Cultured skin fibroblasts from one patient were studied. Results: Two normal-weighted women presented with a partial lipodystrophic syndrome with hypertriglyceridemia and liver steatosis. One of them had also diabetes. Both patients showed a peculiar, striking lipodystrophic phenotype with subcutaneous lipoatrophy of the four limbs contrasting with truncal and abdominal fat accumulation. Their oral glucose tolerance tests showed extremely high levels of insulinemia, revealing major insulin resistance. Low serum levels of sex-hormone binding globulin and adiponectin suggested a post-receptor insulin signalling defect. Other clinical features included bilateral cataracts, greying hair and distal skin atrophy. We observed biallelic WRN null mutations in both women (p.Q748X homozygous, and compound heterozygous p.Q1257X/p.M1329fs). Their fertility was decreased, with preserved menstrual cycles and normal follicle-stimulating hormone levels ruling out premature ovarian failure. However undetectable anti-müllerian hormone and inhibin B indicated diminished follicular ovarian reserve. Insulin-resistance linked ovarian hyperandrogenism could also contribute to decreased fertility, and the two patients became pregnant after initiation of insulin-sensitizers (metformin). Both pregnancies were complicated by severe cervical incompetence, leading to the preterm birth of a healthy newborn in one case, but to a second trimester-abortion in the other. WRN-mutated fibroblasts showed oxidative stress, increased lamin B1 expression, nuclear dysmorphies and premature senescence. Conclusions: We show here for the first time that partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance can reveal WRN-linked premature aging syndrome. Increased expression of lamin B1 with altered lamina architecture observed in WRN-mutated fibroblasts could contribute to premature cellular senescence. Primary alterations in DNA replication and/or repair should be considered as possible causes of lipodystrophic syndromes. © 2013 Donadille et al.
Prevalence of endocrine disorders in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Introduction: Association between nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and endocrine disorders has been suggested. The elements of metabolic syndrome may explain this association. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of thyroid dysfunction, hypofertility, gestational diabetes and macrosomia among a cohort of patients with NAFLD. Patients and methods: We carried out a prospective study including patients with NAFLD. NAFLD was diagnosed by typical liver ultrasonographic findings. Subjects had no history of alcohol consumption > 20 g/day, no known etiologies of liver disease, negative tests for the presence of hepatitis virus. Clinical characteristics included age, sex, BMI, smoking, history of diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes and hypofertility. Levels of serum-free thyroxine (FT4) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) were measured. Results: A total of one hundred and one patients were included in the study.Theywere 80females and 21males.Mean agewas 52 years (range: 17-82). Mean BMI was 28.9 kg/m2. Most patients were overweight (80 %). Eighteen patients (17.8 %) were smokers. Fifty two patients (51.4 %)were diabetic, 47 had type 2 diabetesmellitus.Hypertensionwas noted in 50 subjects (49.5 %). Fifty nine subjects (58.4 %) had history of dyslipidemia. Two-thirds of patients had metabolic syndrome. Among females, macrosomia, gestational diabetes and hypofertility were reported in respectively 33.7, 17.5 and 13.8 % of cases. Thyroid dysfunction was associated in 8.9 % of cases. Eight subjects had hypothyroidism (7.9 %) and only one patient has hyperthyroidism. All patients with a clinical diagnosis of hypothyroidism were on replacement therapy. Conclusion: Our study showed an association between NAFLD and hypothyroidism, hypofertility, macrosomia and gestational diabetes. It is important to consider and screen for such comorbidities in patients with NAFLD especially in pregnant women.
Metformin: An old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes; The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection. © 2013 Rojas and Gomes.
Follistain like 3 overespression improves insulin sensitivity in diet induced obese female mice; Introduction and aim. Myostatin a TGF beta super family member secreted primarily from skeletal muscle is a negative regulator of skeletal muscle mass. Recently, myostatin been implicated in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Elevated levels of myostatin protein have been found in muscle from diabetic and obese subjects. In mice injection of recombinant myostatin in mice decreased akt phosphorylation in response to insulin. Follistatin like 3 (fstl3) binds and inhibits the function of myostatin in both human and mice serum. Like myostatin Fstl3 has been found to be released from skeletal muscle. Similar myostatin, changes in Fstl3 has been linked to glucose metabolism in humans. Low plasma levels of fstl3 was associated with glucose intolerance and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. Therefore the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of an increase in the endogen myostatin inhibitor fstl3 on metabolic function in a mouse model of diet induced obesity. Methods. We overexpressed fstl3 in female mice muscles using DNA electrotransfer to generate a mouse model with increased circulating levels of fstl3. MR scan was used to quantify fat volume, fat distribution and liver fat. Insulin and glucose tolerance test was used to access metabolic function. Tissue was dissected and frozen for protein and mRNA analysis. Results. DNA electrotransfer increased fstl3 in the circulation ∼ 3 times and lasted for 12 weeks. Overexpression of follistatin like 3 did not alter body weight or food intake. However, a 18 % reduction in fat volume and lower lever lipid was observed with MR. Muscle mass did increase only in the transfected muscle not nearby untransfected muscles. At 5 and 10 weeks, fstl3 mice on a high fat diet tended to have lower fasting glucose and insulin. There was no effect of fstl3 overexpression in mice on a regular chow diet. The glucose lowering effect of exogenous insulin was significantly higher in fstl3 mice on a high fat diet, and this was associated with increased Akt phoshorylation in skeletal muscle, but not adipose tissue or liver. Interestingly glucose tolerance was not affected by the elevated fstl3 on either diet. After 12 weeks AMPK phosphorylation (Thr172) was increased in transfected muscle on either diet. Conclusion A modest elevation in circulating fstl3 resulted in lower fat accumulation in female mice fed a high fat diet for 12 weeks. This resulted in lower glucose levels and increased Akt phosphorylation when the mice were injected with insulin. This effect was largely independent of muscle mass, but related to an increase in AMPK phosphorylation in skeletal muscle.
Prevalence of hepatic steatosis in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus; Background: Maternal diabetes is a known risk factor for pregnancy complications including stillbirth, fetal macrosomia and congenital anomalies. We have observed prominent hepatic steatosis in stillbirth autopsies complicated by maternal diabetes, a finding not previously reported. In this case review we aim to determine if hepatic steatosis is associated with maternal diabetes. Design: Autopsy reports (2005-present) from both institutions were searched for cases of stillbirth occurring in the setting of maternal diabetes including: late onset diabetes mellitus (DM), early onset insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with IRB approval for the exchange of data. Data collected included body and organ weights, clinical complications and major diagnoses at autopsy. Maternal ethnicity, BMI, hemoglobin A1c levels and placenta findings were recorded when available. HE and ORO (when available) liver slides were reviewed. Hepatic steatosis was assessed as microvesicular/ macrovesicular/mixed, periportal/pericentral/nonzonal and graded as Grade 0: 0-5%, Grade 1: 6-33%, Grade 2: 34-66% and Grade 3: >66%. Control cases belonged to stillborns delivered to women without any history of diabetes and were matched for gestational age and degree of maceration. The control cohort was enriched for maternal obesity as well as fetuses who measured large for gestational age and with similar primary cause of demise as the diabetic cohort. Data was analyzed using descriptive statistics and clinico-pathological correlation was obtained. Results: Hepatic steatosis was identified in 91% diabetic cases and 28% controls (p < 0.001), which was confirmed in a subset by ORO. In both cases and controls, steatosis was macrovesicular with a variable combination of large and small droplets. The presence or degree of steatosis did not correlate with type/control of maternal diabetes and in both groups did not correlate with BMI, cause of fetal demise or presence of macrosomia or hepatomegaly. Although limited numbers, there was a trend of less steatosis in younger age fetuses. Conclusions: Fetal hepatic steatosis is frequent in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes in pregnancy. Although hepatic steatosis is seen within adults having insulin resistance, the etiology of fetal steatosis in maternal diabetes and potential relationship to stillbirth is unclear.
Developmental programming in diabetes and obesity; The adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with maternal obesity and gestational diabetes present an increasing clinical problem globally. The focus of this talk will be on the potential for longer term effects on the metabolic health of the child. Many motherchild cohort studies have proposed an independent association between maternal obesity and the risk of obesity and diabetes in the child and similar relationships are frequently reported between maternal diabetes (both Type 1 and Type 2/GDM) and the susceptibility to diabetes and obesity in the child. However, residual confounding is difficult to avoid in observational studies and causality remains difficult to prove. Animal models have provided much needed insight into 'programming' of diabetes and obesity. Experimentally induced diabetes in rodents is associated with persistent pancreatic β cell secretory dysfunction in the offspring, abnormal insulin signaling in insulin-sensitive tissues and altered development of the hypothalamus which has been linked to development of obesity in adult life. Maternal diet-induced obesity in several different animal species gives rise to metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring which also develop characteristics of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Prospective studies in children born to obese and diabetic mothers who have participated in intervention trials in pregnancy are underway, and these have the capacity to address these intriguing concepts of the transgenerational influence of maternal obesity and diabetes.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induces fatty liver and glucose intolerance in rats; Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation are health risks for mother and offspring. Both fructose (FR) and low-protein (LP) diets are linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in nonpregnant animals. We hypothesized that dietary FR or LP intake during pregnancy may exacerbate the already compromised glucose homeostasis to induce gestational diabetes and fatty liver. Therefore, we investigated and compared the effects of LP or FR intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in unmated controls (CTs) and pregnant and lactating rats. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a CT, or a 63% FR, or an 8% LP diet. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of the study revealed greater (P < .05) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 mg/dL vs 64.0 ± 4.8 mg/dL) minutes and 20 (72.4 mg/dL vs 58.6 ± 4.0 mg/dL) minutes after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 mgbullet operatordL-1{bullet operator}min-1 vs 3763.4 ± 263.6 mg{bullet operator}dL-1{bullet operator}min-1) for FR-fed dams compared with CT-fed dams. The rats were euthanized at 21 days postpartum. Both the FR- and LP-fed dams had enlarged (P < .05) livers (9.3%, 7.1% body weight vs 4.8% ± 0.2% body weight) and elevated (P < .05) liver triacylglycerol (216.0, 130.0 mg/g vs 19.9 ± 12.6 mg/g liver weight) compared with CT-fed dams. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats, but not unmated CT rats. The data demonstrate a unique physiological status response to diet resulting in the development of gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in FR-fed dams, which is more severe than an LP diet. © 2012 Elsevier Inc..
Fatty liver index predicts further metabolic deteriorations in women with previous gestational diabetes; Background and Aims: Determinants of fatty liver (FL) might be predictive for further deterioration in insulin resistance (IR) in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). The aim was to evaluate the association between pGDM, FL and future manifestation of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by a detailed pathophysiological characterization early after pregnancy. Methods: 68 pGDM and 29 healthy controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: status of IR was determined via oral- and intravenous-glucose-tolerance-tests with analysis of proinflammatory factors and kinetics of free-fatty-acids (FFA). According to the fatty-liver-index (FLI), pGDMs were categorized into three groups with low (FLI≤20), intermediate (20<FLI<60) and high (FLI≥60) risk for FL to assess differences in metabolic parameters at baseline as well as in the 10-year incidence for T2DM. Accuracy of FLI was proven with 1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy. Results: FL was strongly associated with IR in pGDM. pGDM with FLI≥60 showed significantly increased interleukin-6, plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-1, tissue-plasminogen-activator, fibrinogen and increased ultrasensitive-C-reactive-protein compared to the low risk group (FLI≤20). Analysis of FFA indicated a less pronounced decrease of plasma FFA levels during the oral-glucose-tolerance-test in subjects with FLI≥60. History of GDM plus FLI≥60 conferred a high risk for the manifestation of diabetes over 10 years of observation as compared to pGDMs with FLI≤20 (HR:7.85, Cl:2.02-30.5, p = 0.003). Conclusion: FL is closely linked to GDM, especially to IR and inflammation. Most interestingly, subjects with the highest FLI values showed significant alterations in FFA kinetics and a higher risk to develop T2DM in future. © 2012 Bozkurt et al.
The role of obesity in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is one of the common endocrine diseases that affects women in their reproductive age. PCOS has diverse clinical implications that include reproductive (infertility, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism), metabolic (insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases) and psychological features (increased anxiety, depression and worsened quality of life). The exact patho-physiology of PCOS is complex and remains largely unclear. The prevalence of PCOS is estimated at 4-18%, depending on diverse factors discussed ahead. The phenotype varies widely depending on life stage, genotype, ethnicity and environmental factors including lifestyle and body weight. During the last decades, obesity and excess weight are major chronic diseases all around the word. Obesity increases some features of PCOS such as hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, infertility and pregnancy complications. Both obesity and insulin resistance increase diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular diseases. Moreover, obesity impairs insulin resistance and exacerbates reproductive and metabolic features of PCOS. It is well known that obesity is associated with anovulation, pregnancy loss and late pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes). Obesity in PCOS is also linked to failure or delayed response to the various treatments including clomiphene citrate, gonadotropins and laparoscopic ovarian diathermy. It has been reported that, after losing as little as 5 % of initial body weight obese women with PCOS improved spontaneous ovulation rates and spontaneous pregnancy. Therefore, the weight loss prior to conception improves live birth rate in obese women with or without PCOS. The treatment of obesity may include lifestyle therapy (diet and exercise), pharmacological treatment and bariatric surgery. In summary, weight loss is considered the first-line therapy in obese women with PCOS. In the present review, the consequence and treatment of obesity in women with PCOS are discussed. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: Current infertility management; This review summarizes the diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome and management of associated infertility. The goal is to guide clinicians through basic evaluation, initial treatment, and briefly describe more complex therapies. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Current treatment strategies,,complications and considerations for the use of HIV antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy; The global prevalence of HIV infection in the female population presents a significant healthcare burden in terms of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of the disease. This review aims to discuss current trends and treatment guidelines for the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy and associated complications in this population. Historically, antiretroviral monotherapy with zidovudine was commonly used for preventing MTCT, and monotherapy with single-dose nevirapine is still used for prevention in resource-limited settings. Evidence suggests that combination therapy with HAART is a more effective treatment option than monotherapy when managing HIV in pregnant women. Current treatment guidelines recommend the use of HAART with a protease inhibitor (PI) or a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) plus two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI) as first-line therapy for the management of HIV infection in pregnant women and for preventing MTCT. Complications associated with the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy should be taken into consideration when selecting a new antiretroviral regimen, or when continuing certain antiretroviral regimens in HIV-infected women who become pregnant while on therapy. NNRTI have been associated with severe and sometimes fatal hepatoxicity in some pregnant women and potentially teratogenic side effects in the fetus, and their use raises concerns regarding the development of drug- and class-resistant mutations. PI-based HAART has been associated with an increased risk of adverse effects such as premature delivery, low birth weight, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and lipodystrophy. Despite this, initiating antiretroviral therapy with a PI plus two NRTI may become the preferred treatment option in pregnant women. Many of the side effects associated with PI were more prevalent when older PI and PI-based regimens that included those in combination with thymidine analog NRTI were used. An individual's history and baseline clinical and laboratory parameters should also be taken into consideration when choosing the most appropriate antiretroviral regimen during pregnancy.
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. Methods A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). Results: There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9±0.6 vs. 27.9±0.6 kg/m2, respectively
Association of fatty liver index (FLI) with parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Most of the important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome, including obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia and hypertension are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Fatty liver (FL) is associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL and insulin resistance. Materials and methods: A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin resistant (IR
Assessment of Fatty Liver Index (FLI) in Relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Fatty liver (FL) is also associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL, and insulin resistance. A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin-resistant (IR
One consequence of infertility treatment: Multifetal pregnancy; This article discusses the issue of multifetal pregnancy as a result of fertility treatments. Pregnancies with multiple gestations are associated with serious infant and maternal health risks as well as psychological distress and significant financial consequences, and are a far too common consequence of infertility treatments such as assisted reproductive technology (ART) and ovulation induction drugs. Women with multifetal pregnancies are at a higher risk for multiple pregnancy complications and maternal morbidity/mortality as well as stress, depression, and anxiety disorders, especially when there is the threat of a loss of one or more fetuses. The rise in rates of multifetal gestation and the accompanying increased risk to both mother and fetuses have led the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology to develop guidelines to limit the number of transferred embryos during in vitro fertilization. Nurses who work with infertile women are in a position to educate them about the risks, benefits, and alternatives associated with ARTs and multifetal pregnancies, and should endeavor to learn as much as possible about this topic. © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induced elevated liver triglyceride content and glucose intolerance in rats; Gestational diabetes and fatty liver are health risks for both mother and offspring. Dietary fructose is linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance. We investigated the effects of fructose intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in pregnant and lactating rats and compared responses to a low protein diet, an established maternal dietary insult that predisposes offspring to risks for metabolic syndrome. Sprague-Dawley rats (n=25) were fed either a control diet (C), a 63% fructose diet (F) or an 8% protein diet (LP) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of pregnancy revealed greater (P < 0.1) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 vs 64.0±2.5 mg/dl) and 20 (72.4 vs 58.6±1.7 mg/dl) min after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 vs 3763.4±117.0 mg·dl-1·min) for F fed rats compared to C fed rats. The dams were sacrificed at 21 days postpartum. The F fed rats had enlarged (P < 0.05) livers (11.4, vs 4.8±0.6 % body weight). Both F and LP fed rats had elevated (P < 0.05) liver triglyceride (199.6, 130.0 vs 19.9±2.9 mg/g liver weight) compared to C fed rats. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats. Low protein induced fatty liver intermediate to F and C diets. The data demonstrate gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in fructose fed dams, which is more severe than a fetal programming diet of low protein.
Microcirculation and the metabolic syndrome; The present review, to the authors' knowledge, is the first to specifically address the relationships between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome, a cluster of metabolic and cardiovascular modifications highly prevalent in the general population. Its close link to overweight and insulin resistance makes it the main cause of the worldwide burden of type 2 diabetes. However, metabolic syndrome is also observed in many other diseases, particularly, but not exclusively, those where insulin resistance is a main feature. Analysis of the literature reveals that this clinical situation is invariably linked to microvascular disturbances, such as abnormalities in arteriolar reactivity, capillary recruitment, permeability, and hemorheology. A particularly interesting observation is that these defects in small vessel structure and function are seen very early in life or disease. Very importantly, they further suggest that microcirculatory abnormalities may be not only secondary but also causal to the development and/or aggravation of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Mechanisms responsible for these modifications remain largely unknown, but insulin's vascular effects in the microvascular network, detailed in this review, are at least one example of such connections. The existing data point to a clear, at least bidirectional, relationship between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome. Additional studies should determine the level of reciprocal causality.
Comprehensive clinical management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 6-7% of reproductive-aged women. Although the diagnostic criteria for PCOS have been debated, it is frequently characterized by hyperandrogenism (hirsutism, acne, male-pattern hair loss), oligo-anovulation, and polycystic ovaries on ultrasound. The reproductive and metabolic complications associated with the syndrome can be serious, so a comprehensive approach to the evaluation and treatment of affected women is important. Menstrual cycle control is necessary to prevent endometrial hyperplasia, and this can be accomplished with hormonal contraception, progesterone therapy, and weight loss (if overweight). In women desiring pregnancy, commonly used ovulation induction therapies include weight loss, clomiphene citrate, and/or metformin. Cosmetic issues such as hirsutism, acne and male-pattern hair loss can be challenging to cope with. Treatment options include estrogen-containing hormonal contraceptive agents, antiandrogens, and topical agents. More permanent hair reduction can be achieved with electrolysis and laser therapy. Evaluation of metabolic complications includes risk assessment for diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Women with PCOS should also be screened for sleep apnea, as this has been reported to occur more commonly in women with PCOS. Finally, mental health issues such as depression and eating disorders may be present. Many of the complications associated with PCOS can be managed with therapeutic lifestyle change, including a healthy diet, exercise, weight loss (if overweight), and psychological support. Pharmacological therapies are also available to effectively regulate menstrual cycles and manage cosmetic complications. This article will review the current diagnostic and therapeutic strategies in PCOS.
Management of obesity in pregnancy; Maternal pregravid obesity is a significant risk factor for adverse outcomes during pregnancy. In early pregnancy there is an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and congenital anomalies. In later gestation maternal metabolic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome, such as gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, become clinically recognized because of the increased insulin resistance in obese compared with nonobese women. In women with pregestational glucose intolerance, hypertension, central obesity, and lipid disorders, the physiologic changes in pregnancy increase the risk of problems previously not routinely encountered during pregnancy. These include chronic cardiac dysfunction, proteinuria, sleep apnea, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. At parturition the obese patient is at an increased risk of cesarean delivery and associated complications of anesthesia, wound disruption, infection, and deep venous thrombophlebitis. For the fetus there are short-term risks of fetal macrosomia, more specifically obesity, and long-term risks of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. Although preliminary results of bariatric surgery are encouraging, the procedure is expensive and not for all obese women, and we recognize that long-term follow-up data on offspring of obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery before pregnancy are lacking. In the interim, we need to encourage obese women to lose weight before conception, using lifestyle changes if possible. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines (currently under review) and encouragement given for physical activity. © 2007 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Treating HIV during pregnancy: An update on safety issues; The expanded use of multiple antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy has led to a reduction in the occurrence of perinatal transmission of HIV to <2%, but has led to concerns regarding both short-term toxicity and the long-term impact on the woman and her child. Enhanced toxicity of nevirapine has been noted among women with CD4+ lymphocyte counts >250 cells/μ L at treatment initiation and among pregnant women on long-term didanosine and stavudine. These drugs should be avoided in such situations if alternatives are available. Efavirenz has been associated with birth defects in monkeys, and several cases of neural tube defects have been reported in humans after first trimester exposure, so treatment with this drug should be avoided during the first trimester. Protease inhibitors have been associated with an increased risk of maternal glucose intolerance, pre-eclampsia and preterm birth in some, but not all, studies. Pregnancies exposed to antiretroviral therapy should be registered with the Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry as early in pregnancy as possible in order to provide data on the risk of birth defects after exposure. The pharmacokinetics of nucleoside and non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors are not significantly changed in pregnancy, so standard dosing may be used. However, concentrations of several protease inhibitors are lower in pregnancy, so ritonavir-boosting or increased doses are required. Of great theoretical concern is the impact of resistance mutations that develop following single-dose nevirapine therapy on the response to later therapy among women and their infected infants. The use of dual nucleoside therapy for 3-7 days after single-dose nevirapine in the mother reduces but does not eliminate the risk of nevirapine resistance
Thrombocytopenia in the parturient; Thrombocytopenia in pregnant women can be associated with substantial maternal and neonatal morbidity. It may result from a range of conditions and early implementation of some specific treatment may improve both maternal and neonatal outcome. In this review we discuss the clinical features of the more common causes of thrombocytopenia associated with pregnancy, and provide an overview of the anaesthetic considerations. © 2004 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy; The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.

There are 8 Target Papers Found during the search in PubMed!
They are:
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus
hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients

In the end, 6 Target Papers were left after filtering!
They are:
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women

The number of target article missing is: 2
False Positive Rate: 0.659942363112392
False Negative Rate: 0.25
