Total number of articles searched: 134
Include criteria: [['Participants diagnosed with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen allergy'], ['Administration of grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy tablets'], ['Comparative group receiving placebo or standard treatment'], ['Successful reduction in allergy symptoms and improvement in quality of life'], ['Meta-analysis or systematic review study design']]
Exclude criteria: [['Children under 5 years old', 'Patients with severe asthma', 'Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)'], ['Allergen sublingual immunotherapy using drops', 'Allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy', 'Other types of immunotherapy (e.g. subcutaneous)'], ['Placebo-controlled trials with no active treatment group', 'Open-label trials without a control group', 'Studies with multiple treatment arms and complex comparisons'], ['Improvement in quality of life not measured', 'Non-standardized outcome measures used', 'Short-term outcomes only (e.g. within 1 month of treatment)'], ['Case reports or case series', 'Non-human studies', 'Non-interventional or observational studies']]
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.; Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which, at its most severe, can significantly impair quality of life despite optimal treatment with antihistamines and topical nasal corticosteroids. Allergen injection immunotherapy significantly reduces symptoms and medication requirements in allergic rhinitis but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic reactions. There has therefore been considerable interest in alternative routes for delivery of allergen immunotherapy, particularly the sublingual route. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), compared with placebo, for reductions in symptoms and medication requirements. The Cochrane Controlled Clinical Trials Register, MEDLINE (1966-2002), EMBASE (1974-2002) and Scisearch were searched, up to September 2002, using the terms (Rhin* OR hay fever) AND (immunotherap* OR desensiti*ation) AND (sublingual). All studies identified by the searches were assessed by the reviewers to identify Randomized Controlled Trials involving participants with symptoms of allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with SLIT or corresponding placebo. Data from identified studies was abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.1. Analysis was performed by the method of standardized mean differences (SMD) using a random effects model. P-values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Subgroup analyses were performed according to the type of allergen administered, the age of participants and the duration of treatment. Twenty-two trials involving 979 patients, were included. There were six trials of SLIT for house dust mite allergy, five for grass pollen, five for parietaria, two for olive and one each for, ragweed, cat, tree and cupressus. Five studies enrolled exclusively children. Seventeen studies administered the allergen by sublingual drops subsequently swallowed, three by drops subsequently spat out and two by sublingual tablets. Eight studies involved treatment for less than 6 months, 10 studies for 6-12 months and four studies for greater than 12 months. All included studies were double-blind placebo-controlled trials of parallell group design. Concealment of treatment allocation was considered adequate in all studies and the use of identical placebo preparations was almost universal. There was significant heterogeneity, most likely due to widely differing scoring systems between studies, for most comparisons. Overall there was a significant reduction in both symptoms (SMD -0.42, 95% confidence interval -0.69 to -0.15
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which, at its most severe, can significantly impair quality of life despite optimal treatment with antihistamines and topical nasal corticosteroids. Allergen injection immunotherapy significantly reduces symptoms and medication requirements in allergic rhinitis but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic reactions. There has therefore been considerable interest in alternative routes for delivery of allergen immunotherapy, particularly the sublingual route., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), compared with placebo, for reductions in symptoms and medication requirements., SEARCH STRATEGY: The Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, MEDLINE (1966-2002), EMBASE (1974-2002) and Scisearch were searched, up to September 2002, using the terms (Rhin* OR hay fever) AND (immunotherap* OR desensiti*ation) AND (sublingual)., SELECTION CRITERIA: All studies identified by the searches were assessed by the reviewers to identify randomised controlled trials involving participants with symptoms of allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with SLIT or corresponding placebo., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data from identified studies were abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.1. Analysis was performed by the method of Standardised Mean Differences (SMD) using a random effects model. P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. Subgroup analyses were performed according to the type of allergen administered, the age of participants and the duration of treatment., MAIN RESULTS: Twenty two trials involving 979 patients were included. There were 6 trials of SLIT for House Dust Mite allergy, 5 for Grass Pollen, 5 for Parietaria, 2 for Olive and one each for, Ragweed, Cat, Tree and Cupressus. Four studies enrolled exclusively children. Seventeen studies administered the allergen by sublingual drops subsequently swallowed, 3 by drops subsequently spat out and 2 by sublingual tablets. Eight studies involved treatment for less than 6 months, 10 studies for 6-12 months and 4 studies for greater than 12 months. All included studies were double-blind placebo-controlled trials of parallel group design. Concealment of treatment allocation was considered adequate in all studies and the use of identical placebo preparations was almost universal. There was significant heterogeneity, most likely due to widely differing scoring systems between studies, for most comparisons. Overall there was a significant reduction in both symptoms (SMD -0.34, 95% confidence interval -0.69 to -0.15
Oral Immunotherapy for Allergic Conjunctivitis Using Transgenic Rice Expressing Hypoallergenic Antigens.; Pollinosis, or allergic conjunctivitis and rhinitis induced by pollen, is one of the most common diseases worldwide. In Japan, Japanese cedar (Cryptomeria japonica) pollinosis is a predominant allergic condition that affects more than one-third of all Japanese individuals. Pharmacological treatments of allergic conjunctivitis include administration of antiallergic eye drops containing an antihistamine or mast cell stabilizer. However, these topical treatments provide transient relief from symptoms. The only available curative treatment for allergic diseases is allergen-specific immunotherapy. Sublingual immunotherapy for pollinosis has been found to be effective for suppression of ocular and nasal symptoms, but patient compliance is low. Oral administration of staple foods engineered to express allergens is a possible means of delivering antigens for immunotherapy, and its convenience would be expected to improve compliance. With the aim of developing more convenient, effective, and safe immunotherapies for allergic diseases, we have generated rice-based edible vaccines expressing antigens derived from dust mites or pollen from Japanese cedar, birch, or ragweed. In this study, we summarize the results of our immunotherapy studies using transgenic rice. Oral immunotherapy with transgenic rice seeds containing hypoallergenic modified forms of Japanese cedar pollen antigens was effective for both preventing allergic conjunctivitis and suppressing established disease in mice. Oral administration of transgenic rice seeds is thus a promising approach to immunotherapy for conjunctivitis and rhinitis induced by Japanese cedar pollen.
Epicutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy ameliorates grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: A double-blind, placebo-controlled dose escalation study.; BACKGROUND: Epicutaneous allergen administration using a patch may be an alternative to subcutaneous or sublingual immunotherapy., OBJECTIVE: To optimize treatment dose and to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy., METHODS: This monocentric, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial included 132 patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. In February 2008, patients were randomly allocated to receive placebo or 3 different doses of allergen. Before and during the pollen season 2008, patients received 6 weekly patches. Efficacy was assessed 4 to 5 months later (n = 110) and during the pollen season of the treatment-free follow-up year in 2009 (n = 93). The primary outcome was patient-reported changes in hay fever symptoms assessed by a visual analog scale. Secondary outcome measures were weekly visual analog scale symptom scores during pollen season, use of rescue medication, changes in conjunctival and skin reactivity, as well as safety., RESULTS: Hay fever symptoms during the pollen season were reduced by more than 30% in 2008 and by 24% in 2009 in the high-dose group as compared with that in the placebo group, and the alleviation of symptoms in the follow-up year was dependent on the treatment dose. Higher allergen doses were associated with drug-related adverse events (AEs), predominantly manifested by pruritus, erythema, wheal, or eczema. Eleven systemic AEs of grades 1 to 2 required treatment and led to study exclusion. The dropout rate due to AEs was 8.3%. No drug-related serious AE was recorded., CONCLUSION: Epicutaneous immunotherapy is safe and efficacious in a dose-dependent manner after 6 patches only. Copyright © 2011 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology. Published by Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Immunotherapy is allergen-specific: a double-blind trial of mite or timothy extract in mite and grass dual-allergic patients.; BACKGROUND: One hundred years ago, Noon [Lancet 1911
Efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of the 300-index of reactivity (IR) dose of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets (Stallergenes, Antony, France) have been demonstrated for the treatment of hay fever in adults., OBJECTIVE: We sought to assess the efficacy and safety of this tablet in children and adolescents with grass pollen-related allergic rhinitis., METHODS: In this multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 278 children (5-17 years of age) with grass pollen-related rhinoconjunctivitis (confirmed by means of a positive grass pollen skin prick test response and serum-specific IgE measurement) received once-daily SLIT tablets or placebo. Treatment was initiated 4 months before the estimated pollen season and continued throughout the season. The primary outcome was the rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (RTSS), a sum of 6 individual symptom scores: sneezing, runny nose, itchy nose, nasal congestion, watery eyes, and itchy eyes. Secondary end points included rescue medication intake, individual scores, and safety., RESULTS: The intent-to-treat population included 266 children (mean age, 10.9 +/- 3.22 years). The RTSS for the 300-IR group was highly significantly different from that of the placebo group (P = .001). The 300-IR group showed a mean improvement for the RTSS of 28.0% over that seen with placebo and a median improvement of 39.3%. Significant differences between the 300-IR and placebo groups were also observed regarding rescue medication score and proportion of days using rescue medication during the pollen season (P = .0064 and P = .0146, respectively). Adverse events were generally mild or moderate in intensity and expected. No serious side effects were reported., CONCLUSION: Five-grass-pollen SLIT tablets (300 IR) reduce both symptom scores and rescue medication use in children and adolescents with grass pollen-related rhinoconjunctivitis.
Protocol for a double-blind randomised controlled trial of low dose intradermal grass pollen immunotherapy versus a histamine control on symptoms and medication use in adults with seasonal allergic rhinitis (PollenLITE).; BACKGROUND: Subcutaneous immunotherapy with high dose grass pollen (typically microgram quantities) was first described over 100 years ago. This treatment suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses, with lesser effects on early responses. We previously reported that repeated 2-weekly intradermal injections of grass pollen - containing approximately 7 ng of major allergen Phl p 5 - led to a progressive suppression of the allergen-induced cutaneous response, and that by the sixth injection, this was inhibited by over 90%. The purpose of this trial is to investigate the clinical efficacy of intradermal desensitisation with low doses (i.e. nanogram quantities) of grass pollen allergen for seasonal allergic rhinitis., METHODS/DESIGN: The Pollen Low dose Intradermal therapy Evaluation (PollenLITE) is a single centre double-blind randomised parallel group controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of intradermal grass pollen injections plus standard treatment, versus histamine injections plus standard treatment, in adults with moderate-severe grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis ('summer hay fever'). A minimum of ninety adults with a history of moderate-severe persistent allergic rhinitis during the UK grass pollen season will be randomised into two equal groups to receive 7 or 8 intradermal injections of grass pollen extract (containing approximately 7 ng of major allergen Phl p 5) or histamine, before the grass pollen season. In the summer, participants will score their symptoms, medication requirements, visual analogue scores, and complete EuroQOL (EQ-5D-5 L) and mini Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaires. Global assessments will also be recorded at the end of the pollen season. Blood samples will be collected from all participants for mechanistic immune assays. Skin punch biopsies will also be collected in 40 participants selected at random from intradermal injection sites after the grass pollen season for mechanistic assays. Finally, to investigate if the desensitising effect of intradermal immunotherapy on cutaneous responses is long-lasting, all participants will be randomised to receive a follow up intradermal injection after 3, 6 or 12 months with measurement of early and late response sizes., DISCUSSION: Randomisation began in February 2013 and the final participant will complete the trial protocol in August 2014., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN 78413121EudraCT number 2012-002193-31.
Pollen immunotherapy reduces the development of asthma in children with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis (the PAT-study).; BACKGROUND: Children with allergic rhinitis are likely to develop asthma., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether specific immunotherapy can prevent the development of asthma and reduce bronchial hyperresponsiveness in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis., METHODS: From 6 pediatric allergy centers, 205 children aged 6 to 14 years (mean age, 10.7 years) with grass and/or birch pollen allergy but without any other clinically important allergy were randomized either to receive specific immunotherapy for 3 years or to an open control group. All subjects had moderate to severe hay fever symptoms, but at inclusion none reported asthma with need of daily treatment. Symptomatic treatment was limited to loratadine, levocabastine, sodium cromoglycate, and nasal budesonide. Asthma was evaluated clinically and by peak flow. Methacholine bronchial provocation tests were carried out during the season(s) and during the winter., RESULTS: Before the start of immunotherapy, 20% of the children had mild asthma symptoms during the pollen season(s). Among those without asthma, the actively treated children had significantly fewer asthma symptoms after 3 years as evaluated by clinical diagnosis (odds ratio, 2.52
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial by the sublingual route of immunotherapy with a standardized grass pollen extract.; Fifty-eight patients with well-documented history of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollens were allocated randomly on a double-blind basis to receive either sublingual therapy with a solution of purified, standardized allergen preparation (Stallergenes) or a matched placebo for 17 weeks. The assessment of the effect of oral immunotherapy, done with drops of five-grass allergen extract, was on the clinical symptoms and on the medication score of the authorized rescue treatments. The actively treated patients had significantly (P < 0.05 to P < 0.01) fewer symptoms of rhinitis (sneezing and rhinorrhea) and of conjunctivitis (redness and tears) during the pollen season than the placebo group. Consumption of nasal solution of sodium cromoglycate and of betamethasone and dexchlorpheniramine was significantly less in the desensitized group (P < 0.01). Side-effects were negligible. This study concludes that perlingual immunotherapy with grass pollen extract in grass-pollen-sensitive seasonal hay fever and conjunctivitis patients is effective, easy to perform, inexpensive, and safe.
Allergen-specific IgE in circulating immune complexes in patients with inhalant allergy undergoing specific immunotherapy.; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) has been used worldwide since it was introduced near the beginning of this century. Although this mode of therapy has been known for over 80 years, its mechanism of action is still not definitely clear. The problem of the presence of allergen-specific IgE in IgE-containing circulating immune complexes of patients with inhalant allergy has been mentioned in the literature. However, there are no data concerning specific immunotherapy. The aim of our study was to evaluate the influence of SIT in patients with inhalant allergy on allergen-specific IgE in serum and in IgE circulating immune complexes. A total of 112 subjects with allergic rhinitis (57 with grass pollen allergy and 55 sensitive to house dust mites Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus) were included in the study. SIT was administered to 29 patients suffering from pollinosis and 27 patients sensitive to house dust mites. The remaining patients were treated with an H2-receptor antagonist only. The decrease of allergen-specific IgE concentration in IgE circulating immune complexes was parallel to the analogous changes in the serum only in the patients with pollinosis. Immunotherapy of house dust mite-sensitive patients caused a much slower decrease of allergen-specific IgE in circulating immune complexes than in serum. The binding index of allergen-specific IgE in circulating immune complexes increased during the course of the treatment. No significant associations were found between the immunological indices studied and clinical score of the disease activity.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy in birch- and grass-pollen-allergic rhinitis. I. Efficacy estimated by a model reducing the bias of annual differences in pollen counts.; BACKGROUND: Evaluation of the efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) with pollen extracts is complicated by annual variation in pollen intensity. Our study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of birch and grass IT, taking into consideration these variations., METHODS: After 1 year of observation, 52 patients with rhinoconjunctivitis and allergy to birch as well as grass pollen were allocated to double-blinded clustered IT with aluminum-adsorbed extract produced from either birch (Betula verrucosa) pollen or grass (PIleum pratense) pollen. After 1 year of treatment, the patients continued IT with their original extract and also received the other extract. During the three consecutive pollen seasons, the rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score and the use of antihistamines, eye-drops, and oral prednisolone were recorded. Longitudinal data analysis was used to investigate the relation between different pollen counts and the magnitude of clinical efficacy., RESULTS: An effect of IT was found on symptom score, antihistamine intake, and eye-drop use for both birch and grass (P values <0.05). The mean reduction in symptom score/medication by IT ranged from 24% to 95%, depending on mean seasonal pollen counts. A minimum mean seasonal grass-pollen count of 20-30 pollen grains m3 was required for the efficacy of grass IT to emerge., CONCLUSIONS: A model was developed for evaluation of efficacy in longitudinal IT studies, taking the differences in annual pollen counts into consideration. The model showed a significant beneficial role of pollen IT in rhinoconjunctivitis patients allergic to birch and grass pollen.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy in birch- and grass-pollen-allergic rhinitis. II. Side-effects.; BACKGROUND: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) involves the risk of side-effects. Different side-effect profiles have been reported for different allergens, and it would be of great benefit to be able more precisely to predict patient- and allergen-related risk factors., METHODS: Fifty-two patients with rhinoconjunctivitis and allergy to birch as well as grass pollen participated in a 3-year IT study, with a baseline year followed by 2 years of treatment. During the first treatment year, the patients received double-blinded IT with either birch (Betula verrucosa) or grass (Phleum pratense) pollen extracts adsorbed to aluminum hydroxide. The following year, the other allergen extract was added. Assessment of systemic reactions (SRs) was performed, and related to patient pretreatment parameters such as seasonal symptoms and medication requirement, skin prick test (SPT), conjunctival provocation test (CPT), nasal provocation test (NPT), total and specific IgE, basophil histamine release (HR), eosinophil count (EOS), eosinophil cationic protein (ECP), and eosinophil protein X (EPX)., RESULTS: In total, 44 and 47 patients started IT with birch- and grass-pollen extracts, respectively. All SRs occurred during the dose-increase phase. No life-threatening SRs were observed. There were a higher number of patients with SRs during IT with grass pollen than IT with birch pollen, 21 vs five patients (P<0.001), with SRs to 3.3% of grass-pollen injections compared to 0.7% of birch-pollen injections (P<0.0001). The SRs of birch-pollen IT were mild, consisting of rhinoconjunctivitis and oral-pharyngeal itching, whereas asthma and urticaria episodes were observed in the grass-pollen IT. No difference was found in sensitivity to birch and grass, when measured by SPT, CPT, NPT, specific IgE, or HR, and no difference was found in age, duration of allergic symptoms, prevalence of asthma, mean seasonal birch/grass symptom score, eye-drop use, or antihistamine or prednisolone intake between the group with and without subsequent SRs to IT. No difference was found in EOS, serum ECP, or EPX, between the group with and without subsequent SRs to IT., CONCLUSIONS: IT with grass-pollen extract seems to be associated with a higher number and more severe SRs than birch-pollen IT. Neither demographic data nor diagnostic tests of allergy such as specific IgE, HR, SPT, CPT, and NPT could identify the patients with subsequent SRs.
Lack of effect of Timothy grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet on birch pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in an environmental exposure unit.; BACKGROUND: Timothy grass pollen allergen extract tablets (Grastek) are standardized sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-T) approved for the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (AR) and conjunctivitis. Many grass allergic patients are also cosensitized to birch pollen. Whether Timothy grass SLIT-T can confer symptomatic benefits for birch pollen-induced AR symptoms is unknown., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the treatment effect of Timothy grass SLIT-T for birch pollen-induced AR in participants sensitized to both grass and birch pollen using an environmental exposure unit (EEU)., METHODS: This study was a phase 4, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study that enrolled participants aged 18 to 65 years allergic to both timothy grass and birch pollen. After a baseline EEU birch pollen challenge, in which a minimum total nasal symptom score (TNSS) of 6 of 12 was required for enrollment, participants were randomized to receive Timothy grass SLIT-T or placebo taken once daily for 4 months. No confirmatory grass pollen challenge was performed. The primary end point was the change in TNSS averaged from assessments from hours 2 to 5 during the posttreatment birch pollen challenge compared with baseline. The secondary and exploratory end points included temporally identical changes in total ocular symptom score (TOSS), total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (TRSS), and individual symptom scores., RESULTS: The difference in TNSS reduction after 4 months of therapy between the Timothy grass SLIT-T and placebo group was not significant (P = .83). Reductions in TOSS (P = .19) and TRSS (P = .67) were also comparable between groups. Findings between groups for individual symptom scores were similar (all P > .40), except for watery eyes, in which symptom reduction was slightly better in the placebo arm (P = .01). Timothy grass SLIT-T was well tolerated, and no serious adverse effects occurred., CONCLUSION: A bystander effect of grass SLIT-T on birch pollen-induced AR symptoms was not detected. Symptomatic benefits of grass SLIT-T are likely allergen specific., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02394600. Copyright © 2018 American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy with recombinant grass pollen allergens.; BACKGROUND: Allergen-specific immunotherapy uses aqueous extracts of natural source materials as a basis for preparations to down regulate the allergic response. Recombinant DNA technology has enabled the cloning of many allergens, thus facilitating investigations aimed at improving efficacy and safety of immunotherapy., OBJECTIVE: To determine the effectiveness of a mixture of 5 recombinant grass pollen allergens in reducing symptoms and need for symptomatic medication in patients allergic to grass pollen., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of subcutaneous injection immunotherapy was performed in subjects with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma. Primary endpoint was a symptom medication score compiled from separate symptom and medication scores. Secondary endpoints included a rhinitis quality of life questionnaire, conjunctival provocation, and specific antibody responses., RESULTS: The symptom medication score showed significant improvements in subjects receiving recombinant allergens as opposed to placebo, with reductions in both symptoms and medication usage. The rhinitis quality of life questionnaire revealed clinically relevant significant improvements in overall assessment and in 5 of 7 separate domains, and conjunctival provocation showed a clear trend in favor of active treatment. All treated subjects developed strong allergen-specific IgG(1) and IgG(4) antibody responses. Some patients were not sensitized to Ph l p 5 but nevertheless developed strong IgG antibody responses to that allergen., CONCLUSION: A recombinant allergen vaccine can be a effective and safe treatment to ameliorate symptoms of allergic rhinitis. The clinical benefit is associated with modification of the specific immune response with promotion of IgG(4) and reduction of IgE antibodies consistent with the induction of IL-10-producing regulatory T cells.
Long-term efficacy of injected allergen immunotherapy for treatment of grass pollen allergy in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis.; Background: The effect of prolonged allergen immunotherapy is still insufficiently known, especially in elderly patients. Objective: The effect after a 3-year course of injected allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) for grass pollen allergy in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis was observed. Methods: Thirty-eight elderly patients (mean +/- standard deviation, 66.2 +/- 2.7 years old) who received preseasonal injected AIT or placebo for grass pollen allergy were monitored for 3 years and compared with a placebo group. The combined symptom medication score (CSMS), serum level of immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4) to phleum pratense 5 (Phl p5) and quality of life were assessed immediately after AIT and 3 years later. Results: After AIT, the CSMS was significantly decreased from 2.15 (range, 1.27-3.00) to 1.13 (range, 0.79-1.36) (p = 0.03) and remained lower (1.41 +/- 0.72 versus 2.41 +/- 1.11) than that in the placebo group during the 3 years after AIT. Serum-specific IgG4 against increased during the course of AIT and remained at a high level during further observation. Quality of life, based on the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire, was significantly decreased in the patients who received AIT from 1.51 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.21-1.84) to 1.01 (95% CI, 0.93-1.87) (p < 0.05) and was decreased to 0.97-1.26 (95% CI, 0.88-1.82) during the 3 years after discontinuation of AIT. Conclusion:  A prolonged positive effect after AIT for grass pollen allergy was observed in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis. Further trials are needed to confirm this effect.Clinical trial MC56871/12, www.clinicaltrials.gov.
A preseason booster prolongs the increase of allergen specific IgG4 levels, after basic allergen intralymphatic immunotherapy, against grass pollen seasonal allergy.; BACKGROUND: Allergen specific IgG4 levels have been monitored as a surrogate marker for the tolerance inducing effect of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in many studies. Its accuracy at group level has been well established, but IgG4 has not yet found its place in the daily care of immunotherapy patients., METHODS: Intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) is a novel route for allergy vaccination against pollen allergy, where an ultrasound-guided injection of 1000 SQ-U Alutard is given directly into a groin lymph node. The suggested standard dosing so far has been one injection with 4 weeks in-between. In total 3000 SQ-U with the treatment completed in 2 months. IgG4 was measured with Immulite technique and rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms were estimated with daily online questionnaires. Mann-Whitney U-test and Wilcoxon Signed Rank test were applied for comparisons between groups and within groups, respectively., RESULTS: The present study demonstrates that a single, preseason ILIT booster of 1000 SQ-U Alutard 5-grasses R, re-increases the allergen specific timothy-IgG4 levels, in patients already treated with ILIT before the previous pollen season. It also shows the feasibility of the ILIT-route for allergy vaccination of rhinitis patients, with or without concomitant asthma, with low degree of side effects and reconfirms high and sustained patient satisfaction., CONCLUSIONS: It is tempting to suggest that the allergen specific IgG4 levels can be used to build an intuitive algorithm for future clinical guidance of ILIT patients. Trial registration Is Intralymphatic Allergen Immunotherapy Effective and Safe?, ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT04210193. Registered 24 December 2019-Retrospectively registered, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/study/NCT04210193?term=NCT04210193&draw=2&rank=1. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020.
Safety and immunological changes during sublingual immunotherapy with standardized quality grass allergen tablets.; Immunotherapy is the only treatment for allergy that has the potential to alter the natural course of the disease. Sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis has been developed to make immunotherapy available to a broader group of allergic patients. Here, a safe dose range and the safety during daily sublingual administration were investigated for a new tablet-based sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen allergy. Simultaneously, immunological changes were monitored. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase I trial was undertaken, with stepwise dose-escalation during the dose-finding period, and afterwards with daily dosing 8 weeks prior to and 15 weeks during the grass pollen season (2500, 25000, or 75000 standardized quality tablet [SQ-T] units, or placebo). Fifty-two participants with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and a positive skin prick test and specific IgE to Phleum pratense entered the trial. During the daily-dose treatment periods, 67% of the participants reported adverse events. The most frequent were itching in the mouth, eyes, or throat, and rhinitis, and most were mild and resolved within 1 day. Two participants withdrew due to adverse events (sting and blisters in the mouth and itching in the mouth). Time- and dose-dependent increases of P pratense-specific IgG, IgA, IgE, and IgE-competing components were found in serum during the first 8 weeks of daily dosing, indicating that the treatment had a significant allergen-specific effect on the immune system. In conclusion, the grass allergen tablet, administered in a dose of 75000 SQ-T once daily, was well tolerated and displayed systemic immunogenicity.
New toxicity testing of PQ grass allergy immunotherapy to support product development.; PQ Grass represents an allergen-specific immunotherapy for pre-seasonal treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis (or rhinoconjunctivitis) with or without mild-to-moderate bronchial asthma. It consists of a native pollen extract for 13 grass species, chemically modified with glutaraldehyde, and adsorbed to l-tyrosine in a microcrystalline form with addition of the adjuvant Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL R ). Previous non-clinical safety testing, including rat repeat dose toxicity in adult and juvenile animals, rat reproductive toxicity and rabbit local tolerance studies showed no safety findings of concern. A new Good Laboratory Practice compliant rat subcutaneous repeat dose toxicity study to evaluate a higher clinical dose and modified posology (once every 2 weeks for 13 weeks) showed no signs of toxicity. As seen in previous studies, relatively minor, immunostimulatory effects were seen such as reversible increased white cell count (notably neutrophils), increased globulin level (resulting in decreased A/G ratio) and increased fibrinogen as well as minor dose site reaction in the form of inflammatory cell infiltrate. These findings are likely due to the immunostimulatory nature of MPL and/or the presence of l-tyrosine within the adjuvanted vaccine. This new toxicity study with PQ Grass therefore supports longer posology with higher dose levels. Copyright © 2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Sublingual grass allergen tablet immunotherapy provides sustained clinical benefit with progressive immunologic changes over 2 years.; BACKGROUND: This is an interim analysis of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III trial with 3 years of daily treatment with grass tablet immunotherapy (GRAZAX
Cost-effectiveness of GRAZAX for prevention of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in Southern Europe.; BACKGROUND: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a global health problem. Around 14 million people in Spain, France, Italy, and Austria suffer from grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis. Standard care only provides symptoms relief, while allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) treats the underlying cause of the disease. Grazax from ALK-Abello is a new, tablet-based, effective route of SIT for home treatment. The objective was to assess the cost-effectiveness of Grazax in four Southern European countries., METHODS: A prospective pharmacoeconomic analyses was carried out alongside a multinational, clinical trial measuring the efficacy of Grazax. Pooled data on resource use and health outcomes were collected. A societal perspective was adopted, and the analysis had a nine-year time horizon. The primary outcome measure was quality adjusted life years (QALYs)., RESULTS: Grazax was superior to standard care for all efficacy endpoints, including QALYs gained, and resulted in significantly less use of rescue medication and fewer hours missed from work. Grazax was cost-effective for all countries for an annual price in the range of 1500 euros - 1900 euros. The result was improved by inclusion of future costs of asthma and exclusion of Spanish trial centers which experienced an exceptionally low pollen season., CONCLUSION: The analysis illustrates that allergen SIT with Grazax for grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis is a cost-effective intervention in Southern Europe.
Cost-effectiveness of grass allergen tablet (GRAZAX) for the prevention of seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis - a Northern European perspective.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis has increased dramatically. Seventeen million people in the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland suffer from grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis. Symptomatic therapy with antihistamines and topical steroids is partially effective but allergen-specific immunotherapy by injection or sublingual routes is superior. The grass allergen tablet (GRAZAX) is a new allergen-specific immunotherapy for home administration., OBJECTIVE: To assess the cost-effectiveness of the grass allergen tablet compared with symptomatic medication in seven Northern European countries., METHODS: A prospective pharmacoeconomic analysis was carried out alongside a multinational clinical trial. Pooled data on resource use and health outcomes were collected. A societal perspective was adopted, and the analysis had a 9-year time horizon. The outcome measure was Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALYs)., RESULTS: The grass allergen tablet was clinically superior to symptomatic treatment, producing statistically significant differences for all efficacy end-points, including the number of QALYs gained - 0.976 vs. 0.947 QALYs gained. There was a significantly higher usage of the rescue medications loratadine and budesonide, and more hours missed from work (production loss), in the symptomatic treatment group. The cost per QALY gained in the grass allergen tablet group was similar in the seven countries (euro 12,930 to euro 18,263 for an annual cost of the grass allergen tablet of euro 1500). The analysis showed that the grass allergen tablet was cost-effective for all countries for an annual treatment cost below euro 2200., CONCLUSION: The pharmacoeconomic analysis illustrated that allergen-specific immunotherapy with the grass allergen tablet is a cost-effective intervention for the prevention of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in Northern European countries, for a tablet price below euro 6. In Germany for example the price of the tablet is euro 2.95 corresponding to a yearly treatment cost of euro 358 - based on a 9-year time horizon.
Long-term allergen-specific immunotherapy correlates with long-term allergen-specific immunological tolerance.; INTRODUCTION: One method of treatment for allergic diseases is allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT). The clinical efficacy of SIT in pollen-induced allergic rhinitis has been demonstrated in several controlled clinical trials. There is no consensus about the protective effect of SIT. In this study, we evaluated the correlation between the duration of SIT and relapse of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis., METHODS: We evaluated 148 patients who had received SIT between 1998 and 2006. All of the patients had allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. According to the data 116 had sensitivity to grass pollen and 32 to house dust. SIT was performed on 87 patients for 4 y (Group A) and 61 patients for 6 y (Group B)., RESULTS: All of the 148 patients were monitored regularly with no medication for 2 y after SIT. Thirty-one patients in Group A relapsed (36%)
Safety and efficacy of immunotherapy with the recombinant B-cell epitope-based grass pollen vaccine BM32.; BACKGROUND: BM32 is a grass pollen allergy vaccine based on recombinant fusion proteins consisting of nonallergenic peptides from the IgE-binding sites of the 4 major grass pollen allergens and the hepatitis B preS protein., OBJECTIVE: We sought to study the safety and clinical efficacy of immunotherapy (allergen immunotherapy) with BM32 in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinitis and controlled asthma., METHODS: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter allergen immunotherapy field study was conducted for 2 grass pollen seasons. After a baseline season, subjects (n = 181) were randomized and received 3 preseasonal injections of either placebo (n = 58) or a low dose (80 mug, n = 60) or high dose (160 mug, n = 63) of BM32 in year 1, respectively, followed by a booster injection in autumn. In the second year, all actively treated subjects received 3 preseasonal injections of the BM32 low dose, and placebo-treated subjects continued with placebo. Clinical efficacy was assessed by using combined symptom medication scores, visual analog scales, Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaires, and asthma symptom scores. Adverse events were graded according to the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology. Allergen-specific antibodies were determined by using ELISA, ImmunoCAP, and ImmunoCAP ISAC., RESULTS: Although statistical significance regarding the primary end point was not reached, BM32-treated subjects, when compared with placebo-treated subjects, showed an improvement regarding symptom medication, visual analog scale, Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire, and asthma symptom scores in both treatment years. This was accompanied by an induction of allergen-specific IgG without induction of allergen-specific IgE and a reduction in the seasonally induced increase in allergen-specific IgE levels in year 2. In the first year, more grade 2 reactions were observed in the active (n = 6) versus placebo (n = 1) groups, whereas there was almost no difference in the second year., CONCLUSIONS: Injections of BM32 induced allergen-specific IgG, improved clinical symptoms of seasonal grass pollen allergy, and were well tolerated. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
High-dose sublingual immunotherapy with single-dose aqueous grass pollen extract in children is effective and safe: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy is a viable alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy particularly attractive for use in children., OBJECTIVE: This study investigated efficacy and safety of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children allergic to grass pollen in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial., METHODS: After a baseline seasonal observation, 207 children aged 4 to 12 years with grass pollen-allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis with/without bronchial asthma (Global Initiative for Asthma I/II) received either high-dose grass pollen SLIT or placebo daily for 1 pre-/co-seasonal period. The primary end point was the change of the area under the curve of the symptom-medication score (SMS) from the baseline season to the first season after start of treatment. Secondary outcomes were well days, responders, immunologic changes, and safety., RESULTS: Mean changes in the area under the curve of the SMS from the baseline to the first grass pollen season after the start of treatment were -212.5 for the active group and -97.8 for the placebo group (P = .0040). Rhinoconjunctivitis SMS (P = .0020) and separated symptom and medication scores were also statistically different between the 2 groups (P = .0121 and P = .0226, respectively). The number of well days and the percentage of responders were greater in the active group. Changes in allergen-specific IgE and IgG levels indicated a significant immunologic effect. The treatment was well tolerated, and no serious treatment-related events were reported., CONCLUSIONS: This study confirmed that this SLIT preparation significantly reduced symptoms and medication use in children with grass pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. The preparation showed significant effects on allergen-specific antibodies, was well tolerated, and appeared to be a valid therapeutic option in children allergic to grass pollen. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00841256. Copyright © 2012 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology. Published by Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of specific immunotherapy with a high-dose sublingual grass pollen preparation: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is increasingly being used for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, but there are conflicting study results demonstrating clinically relevant efficacy., OBJECTIVE: To show clinical efficacy and safety of a new high-dose grass pollen preparation for SLIT., METHODS: In a 2-year, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 185 subjects with rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma, were treated with a recently developed, high-dose, 6-grass pollen mixture for SLIT once daily., RESULTS: The primary end point, a combined symptom-medication score, showed almost no change in the placebo group during a 42-day evaluation period in the grass pollen season from 2003 to 2005, whereas active treatment was associated with a significant and clinically relevant improvement (full analysis set, P = .01
Prolonged effect of allergen sublingual immunotherapy to grass pollen.; Background: The prolonged effect of allergen immunotherapy is unknown, especially in older patients. Objective: The three-year effect of sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) to grass pollen on elderly patients with allergic rhinitis was analyzed. Methods: Thirty-eight elderly patients (63.18 +/- 3.12 yrs.) underwent AIT to grass pollen, were monitored for three years and were compared to a placebo group. AIT was performed with the use of an oral Staloral 300 SR grass extract (Stallergens Greer, London, UK) or a placebo. Symptoms and medication scores, represented by the average adjusted symptom score (AAdSS), the serum level of IgG4 to Phl p5 and the quality of life were assessed immediately after AIT and three years later. Results: After AIT, the AAdSS was significantly decreased and remained lower than in the placebo group during the three years after AIT. Serum-specific IgG4 against Phl p5 increased during the AIT trial in the study group. For the three years of observation after AIT, there were no significant changes in specific IgG4 levels against the analyzed allergens in comparison to the results immediately after AIT. The quality of life, based on the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire, was significantly decreased in patients who received AIT, from 1.83 (95%CI: 1.45-1.96) to 0.74 (95%CI: 0.39-1.92) (p < 0.05) to 0.82 (95%CI: 0.45- 1.04) three years after AIT. Conclusion:  A prolonged positive effect after AIT to grass pollen was observed in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis. Further trials are needed to confirm this effect.
Allergy immunotherapy tablet: Grazax R for the treatment of grass pollen allergy.; Immunotherapy is the only treatment for allergy that alters the natural course of this disease. Sublingual immunotherapy has been developed to make immunotherapy more suitable for allergic patients. In the largest clinical program ever conducted with grass allergen-specific immunotherapy, over 2000 adults and more than 500 children have been exposed to Grazax( R) (ALK-Abello A/S, Hoersholm, Denmark). Grazax is an oral lyophilisate tablet (allergy immunotherapy tablet [AIT]) for sublingual administration, containing 75,000 standardized quality tablet units of allergen extract of grass pollen (Phleum pratense). Grazax is indicated for treatment of grass pollen-induced rhinitis and conjunctivitis in adult and pediatric patients. Results from the GT-08 trial (first, second and third treatment years) showed a reduction of 31, 36 and 29%, respectively, in symptom scores and a reduction of 38, 45 and 40% of medication scores, respectively, compared with placebo. Subjects treated with Grazax also had an increased number of well days and a relevant improvement in quality of life. More subjects experienced excellent and complete rhinoconjunctivitis control in comparison with patients treated with symptomatic medications only. Grazax treatment is also associated with a sustained and relevant increase of specific IgG4. This increase is also observed after stopping AIT treatment. The most common adverse events related to Grazax treatment are local reactions, such as oral itch, edema of the mouth, ear pruritus, throat irritation and sneezing. Clinical efficacy of Grazax is observed also after 1 and 2 years of follow-up after stopping the AIT treatment. Grazax is efficacious and safe for treatment of grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis in both adults and children. Grazax is the first AIT showing a disease-modifying effect on grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjuctivitis.
Determinants and Factors of Satisfaction with Sublingual Immunotherapy in Patients with Allergic Rhinitis.; INTRODUCTION: Allergen specific immunotherapy provides effective treatment of allergic rhinitis. Despite its efficacy, it can be signifi-cantly compromised by a possible treatment dissatisfaction of patients., AIM: To explore determinants and factors of satisfaction with sublingual immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total number of 191 patients with allergic rhinitis who completed a three-year course of sublingual im-munotherapy were included in the study. Of these, 76 had house dust mite (HDM) allergy - 42 men (55.26%) and 115 had grass pollen allergy - 63 men (54.78%) (mean age 27.3 years, SD: 6.14). The patients assessed their satisfaction using a visual analog scale. Health- Related Quality of Life was assessed by Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life questionnaire. A visual analog scale was used to determine severity of the allergic rhinitis., RESULTS: The mean overall satisfaction, compared with that in previous therapy, increased significantly from 4.80 (SD 2.16) to 7.47 (SD 2.05) in the grass pollen allergy group and from 3.42 (SD 2.31) to 7.61 (SD 2.38) in the patients with HDM SLIT (p< 0.001). No relation between satisfaction and sex, type of immunotherapy extracts and duration of the disease was established. A strong correlation was found between satisfaction with treatment and quality of life (R=0.62) and severity of allergic rhinitis (R=0.69) after a three-year course., CONCLUSION: The results of this real-life study demonstrated that most patients with allergic rhinitis appeared to be satisfied with a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy. The study provided evidence that reduction in severity of symptoms and improvement in quality of life could determine satisfaction with treatment. Copyright This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY 4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Additional benefit of a third year of specific grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Aluminium-adsorbed six grass pollen allergoid therapy for 2 years was found to be efficacious and safe in patients with hay fever and seasonal asthma. Using high-dose, hypoallergenic allergen products (allergoids) enables a short-term pre-seasonal treatment regimen. However, it is not known whether further treatment beyond 2 yrs had any additional benefit., METHODS: Following an initial 2-year randomized, double-blind, multi-centre, placebo-controlled clinical trial in 154 grass pollen-allergic patients, an additional short course of specific immunotherapy with the high-dose, hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation Allergovit was performed in 61 patients of the active treatment group during the 3rd open-label treatment year., RESULTS: Further treatment of patients with the Allergovit 6-grass pollen preparation resulted in a further reduction of symptom medication score and improved quality of life in comparison to the first and second treatment year. Changes in allergen-specific IgG4 levels supported these results., CONCLUSIONS: Pre-seasonal short-term immunotherapy with the high-dose, hypoallergenic allergen preparation Allergovit has been shown to be efficacious and safe. A course of three years of 6-grass pollen SIT further improves allergic symptoms, quality of life and reduces the need for anti-allergic medication.
Specific immunotherapy in pollen allergy.; Pollen allergy affects at least 10% of the global population, and up to one-third of the affected individuals displaying hay fever symptoms will later develop allergic asthma. The efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) in seasonal allergic rhinitis has been confirmed in many clinical studies using grass, ragweed, and birch pollen extracts. SIT prevents the onset of new sensitizations to different allergens, and reduces the development of asthma in patients with allergic rhinitis caused by inhaled allergens, including pollen. Several rational approaches are being developed to improve the efficacy of SIT by reducing immunoglobulin (Ig)E-mediated adverse reactions. The use of chemically modified, recombinant or genetically engineered allergens is being explored, in addition to the investigation of novel adjuvants and alternative routes of administration. The first clinical trials using recombinant allergens provided encouraging results, suggesting that allergen extracts can be successfully substituted by molecule-based formulations. These new formulations, for use in the routine management of pollen allergies, should become available in the near future.
The relevance of patient-reported outcomes in a grass pollen immunotherapy trial in children and adolescents with rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: Patient-reported outcomes (PROs) are the only instruments available to assess the efficacy of an intervention in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. As allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a systemic disease, it is now recommended to use not only PROs focusing at classical symptoms, but also health-related quality of life (HRQL) instruments in immunotherapy trials., METHODS: A previously published immunotherapy trial in children and adolescents (6-18 yr) with hay fever provided us with data to assess the relevance of two of these additional outcome measures, the disease-specific rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) and the generic COOP/WONCA-charts (CWC). A PRO was considered relevant if it was responsive to pollen exposure and at least had a moderate correlation with the classical symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Furthermore, we evaluated a post-season PRO, that is, a global assessment of symptoms (GAS). This assessment is used in clinical trials as a tool for selecting participants with sufficient symptoms and in daily practice to evaluate the patient's complaints during the preceding season. We assessed the correlation of this retrospective score with the actual symptoms during the previous pollen season., RESULTS: Data from 36 children and 63 adolescents were analysed. On the basis of the total scores of the paediatric and adolescent version of the RQLQ, both questionnaires were considered relevant as they were responsive to exposure and showed a moderate to strong correlation with the rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms. However, in both children and adolescents, 40% of the RQLQ items were not relevant according to our definition. The CWC as a whole and the separate charts appear less relevant because of the weak correlations with the daily symptom score from the diary. The correlation between our post-season GAS and the in season daily symptom score was weak., CONCLUSION: The paediatric and adolescent RQLQ are relevant, but could be shortened as they contain a substantial number of irrelevant items. The CWC are not relevant in the monitoring of children and adolescents with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen. The retrospective GAS does not sufficiently reflect the actual symptoms during the preceding season. Copyright © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Sublingual immunotherapy for treating allergic conjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergic ocular symptoms, although frequently trivialised, are common and represent an important comorbidity of allergic rhinitis. Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) is an effective and well-tolerated treatment for allergic rhinitis, but its effects on symptoms of ocular allergy have not been well established., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy of SLIT compared with placebo for reductions in ocular symptoms, topical ocular medication requirements and conjunctival immediate allergen sensitivity., SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) (The Cochrane Library 2011, Issue 1), MEDLINE (January 1950 to January 2011), EMBASE (January 1980 to January 2011), Latin American and Caribbean Literature on Health Sciences (LILACS) (January 1982 to January 2011), Web of Science (January 1970 to January 2011), Biosis Previews, (January 1979 to January 2011), the metaRegister of Controlled Trials (mRCT) (www.controlled-trials.com) (January 2011), ClinicalTrials.gov (www.clinicaltrials.gov) (January 2011), the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) (www.actr.org.au) (July 2010), SCOPUS (November 2008) and the UK Clinical Trials Gateway (January 2010). There were no language or date restrictions in the search for trials. All electronic databases except for SCOPUS, the UK Clinical Trials Gateway and ANZCTR were last searched on 19 January 2011., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), double-masked and placebo controlled, which evaluated the efficacy of SLIT in patients with symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) or allergic conjunctivitis (AC)., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: The primary outcome was the total ocular symptom scores. Secondary endpoints included individual ocular symptom scores (such as itchy eyes, red eyes, watery eyes, swollen eyes), ocular medication scores (eye drops) and conjunctival immediate allergen sensitivity (CIAS). Data were analysed and reported as standardised mean differences (SMDs) using Review Manager software., MAIN RESULTS: Forty-two trials (n = 3958 total participants
[Allergen-specific immunotherapy utilizing mechanisms for immune regulation].; In Europe and America, the allergen immunotherapy (AIT) for various hay fevers or allergic rhinitis is enforced as causal treatment methods. However, in Japan, the only AIT is subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) for Japanese cedar pollinosis and not so popular due to the long term treatment and the obscure mechanism of action being elucidated etc. We are now advancing research of the new vaccine technologies which aim at the practical applications of ASIT to Japanese cedar pollenosis. The first candidate vaccine is immunoregulatory liposomes which include antigenic polypeptides and chemicals for the induction of immunoregulatory cells such as invariant natural killer T (iNKT) cells, regulatory dendritic cells and regulatory T (Treg) cells. The liposomes encapsulated ovalbumin (OVA) were prepared and injected intraperitoneally into mice primed with alum-adsorbed OVA. After subsequent challenge with OVA alone, IgE and IgG antibody responses were remarkably suppressed for several months. The results suggest that the immunoregulatory liposomes containing antigenic polypeptides might suppress on-going IgE antibody formations during the pollen-season and induce long-term immune tolerance after the treatment. To elucidate the mechanism of action, next, the spleen cells of the mice treated with the immunoregulatory liposomes were analyzed. As a result, the liposomes were taken into B cells such as marginal zone B (MZB) cells in addition to the dendritic cells or the macrophages. It is demonstrated that IL-10 production after the interaction of the liposomes-captured B cells with iNKT cells are involved in the induction of Treg cells. Now, as a vaccine of Japanese cedar pollenosis, the immunoregulatory liposomes encapsulating the designed recombinant Cryj 1-Cryj 2 fusion protein is manufactured so that there may be no risk of anaphylaxis. In a mouse model sensitized with natural Cry j1 and Cry j2 antigens, the vaccine showed the suppression of IgE and IgG antibody responses after the challenge with the antigens. Moreover, oral administration of the vaccine also showed the efficacy for the IgE antibody suppression. Taken together, it is suggested that our basic technology for immunoregulatory liposomes can be applicable for any allergen-specific immunotherapies.
Once-daily sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy improves quality of life in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a double-blind, randomised study.; The effect of sublingual immunotherapy on quality of life (QoL) was examined in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Patients (n = 855) were randomised to once-daily grass allergen tablets (2,500
Evaluation of safety and tolerability of a rush up-dosing allergen-specific immunotherapy with grass pollen, birch, hazel, and alder allergoid in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma.; BACKGROUND Usually, the number of injections required to achieve the maintenance dose in subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is relatively small for some of the currently used allergens, but this may still be uncomfortable for patients, thus compromising adherence and compliance. OBJECTIVE The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of a dose acceleration of a conventional induction schedule using an allergoid extract of grass pollen, birch, hazel, and alder, needed to achieve the ideal maintenance dose. METHODS In this open-label study, 34 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma, were treated with SCIT using an allergoid for grass pollen or birch or mix trees with an increase in accelerated induction dose comprising only 3 injections, one per week, compared to a conventional induction pattern in five injections (once a week). Safety determination was assessed by evaluating local and systemic adverse events. Tolerability was evaluated by patients and physicians who performed the treatment. RESULTS No treatment-related adverse events were observed in any of the patients undergoing rush SCIT. No local reactions, no systemic reactions of any degree (WAO Grade) have been observed. Tolerability has always been rated as very good by both patients and physician. CONCLUSIONS The induction phase, needed to achieve the monthly maintenance dose for a pollen extract, can be greatly accelerated, ensuring a tolerability comparable to that of the conventional schedule.
Design and recruitment for the GAP trial, investigating the preventive effect on asthma development of an SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a risk factor for asthma development. Treating the underlying allergy may represent an attractive method of asthma prevention. No regulatory guidance exists in this area, and, to our knowledge, no clinical investigations meeting modern regulatory standards have been published., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this publication is to describe the rationale behind the design of and report on the recruitment for the ongoing pediatric Grazax Asthma Prevention (GAP) trial., METHODS: The trial was designed for assessment of the preventive effect of an SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) on asthma development, both during treatment and after the end of treatment. (The standardized quality [SQ] procedure is a standardization procedure comprising 3 components: total potency, major allergen content, and assessment of extract complexity.) The trial design was discussed with several European Competent Authorities., RESULTS: The GAP trial is a multinational, parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized trial. Main eligibility criteria were age of 5 to 12 years, grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, no asthma, and no overlapping symptomatic allergies. The children have been randomized 1:1 to receive the grass AIT or placebo once daily for 3 years, followed by a blinded observational period of 2 years. Asthma is assessed by the investigators according to specific diagnostic criteria, used at screening visits before randomization to exclude children with existing asthma, and evaluated at least half-yearly during the trial. Seven months of screening resulted in 812 randomized children at 101 centers in 11 countries., CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge, the GAP trial represents the first double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized trial to assess the preventive effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy on asthma development. A total of 812 children were successfully recruited into the trial. EudraCT number: 2009-011235-12. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: Specific immunotherapy is the only treatment modality that has the potential to alter the natural course of allergic diseases. Sublingual immunotherapy has been developed to facilitate access to this form of treatment and to minimize serious adverse events., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the efficacy and safety of sublingual grass allergen tablets in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis., METHODS: A multinational, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted during 2002 and 2003. Fifty-five centers in 8 countries included 855 participants age 18 to 65 years who gave a history of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and had a positive skin prick test and elevated serum allergen-specific IgE to Phleum pratense. Participants were randomized to 2500, 25,000, or 75,000 SQ-T grass allergen tablets (GRAZAX
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies suggest that sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) represents a safer alternative to injection immunotherapy but equivalent efficacy is yet to be confirmed., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of SLIT in grass pollen-induced seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis., METHODS: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial in 56 adults over 18 months. Outcome measures included diary scores of seasonal symptoms and medication use, overall assessments, conjunctival and intradermal provocation tests and serum antibody measurements. To investigate possible mechanisms, sublingual biopsies were taken for measurement of local T cells, antigen-presenting cells and IL-12 mRNA expression., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the immunotherapy (IT) and placebo groups for diary symptom scores (P = 0.48) or rescue medication (P = 0.19). The patients' overall assessment of hayfever severity compared with previous years showed a highly significant improvement in favour of the IT group (P < 0.02). After treatment the late skin response was smaller (P = 0.003) and the ratio of serum allergen-specific IgG4/IgE was higher (P = 0.05) in the IT group. Both of these variables correlated with the clinical response to SLIT. There were no differences between groups in either the sublingual epithelium or lamina propria for numbers of CD3+ cells (epithelium: P = 0.9, lamina propria: P = 0.2), CD1a+ cells (P = 0.3, P = 0.25), CD68+ cells (P = 0.9, P = 1.0) or IL-12 mRNA+ cells (P = 0.6, P = 0.4). Local side-effects were minor and there were no serious treatment-related adverse events., CONCLUSION: Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy was well tolerated. Although there was no significant change in diary scores, the improvement in overall assessments, which correlated with inhibition of the late skin response and increases in serum IgG4 : IgE ratio, indicates the need for larger, dose-ranging studies.
Off-label Use of Oral Immunotherapy for Rhinoconjunctivitis and Asthma due to Grass Pollen: A Safe and Effective Alternative in Patients over 65 Years Old: A Series of Case Reports.; INTRODUCTION: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma are the most common IgE-mediated diseases worldwide. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is currently the only modifying treatment for these IgE-mediated diseases in both children and adults. Subcutaneous immunotherapy is widely used, but in patients over 65 years old, there may be an increased risk of adverse reactions and a worse response to treatment. Oral immunotherapy (OIT) has been proven to be effective and safe, but currently, in most countries, it has been licensed only for patients up to 65 years old based on its technical datasheet. So far, no studies on the efficacy and safety of this type of immunotherapy in patients older than 65 years old have been published., CASE PRESENTATION: We present four patients older than 65 years old with a diagnosis of moderate seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis and moderate-persistent seasonal pollen-induced asthma. Off-label use of oral immunotherapy (OIT) for grass pollen was prescribed due to the severity of their rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and the worsening of asthma symptoms during the spring. Improvement in the rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma symptoms was reported by all patients since the first spring season and was maintained during the following two years of follow-up. There were no systemic reactions, and only two patients initially had self-limiting oral pruritus., CONCLUSION: Oral immunotherapy for pollens appears to be a convenient, effective, and safe option in older patients (>65 years) with comorbidities after a three-year treatment. This is, to the best of our knowledge, the first report on the off-label use of OIT in patients over 65 years old with symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma. Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers
Allergen-specific CD4+ T cell responses in peripheral blood do not predict the early onset of clinical efficacy during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.; BACKGROUND: Surrogate biomarkers of efficacy are needed in support of allergen-specific immunotherapy., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to relate changes in peripheral CD4(+) T cell responses to clinical efficacy during sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)., METHODS: Allergen-specific CD4(+) T cell responses were assessed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 89 grass pollen-allergic individuals enrolled in a double-blind placebo-controlled SLIT study conducted in an allergen exposure chamber (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00619827). Surface phenotype, proliferative responses, cytokine production and gene expression were analysed in coded samples at baseline, and after 2 and 4 months of SLIT, in PBMCs after in vitro allergen stimulation or among MHC class II/peptide (pMHCII)-tetramer-positive CD4(+) T cells., RESULTS: SLIT induced a 29.3% improvement of the average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score in the active group, when compared to the placebo group. In parallel, only minor changes in proportions of CD4(+) T cells expressing Th1 (CCR5(+), CXCR3(+)), Th2 (CRTh2(+), CCR4(+)) and Treg (CD25(+), CD127(-), Foxp3(+)) markers were detected. A down-regulation of IL-4 and IL-10 gene expression and IL-10 secretion (P < 0.001) were observed, as well as a decrease in the frequency of potential "pro-allergic" CD27(-) Th2 cells from patients receiving active tablets (P < 0.001), but without any correlation with clinical benefit. pMHCII-tetramer analyses failed to document any major impact in both numbers and polarization of circulating Phl p 1- and Phl p 5-specific CD4(+) T cells, confirming that early clinical improvement during SLIT is not associated with dramatic alterations in T lymphocyte responses., CONCLUSION & CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Changes in patterns of peripheral CD4(+) T cells are not markers for the early onset of efficacy during SLIT. Copyright © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Early onset of action of a 5-grass-pollen 300-IR sublingual immunotherapy tablet evaluated in an allergen challenge chamber.; BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of a 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet (Stallergenes SA, Antony, France) have been evaluated in clinical studies during the pollen season. The allergen challenge chamber (ACC) has been developed as a pharmacodynamic assessment tool to control the environmental allergens and to avoid all problems associated with unpredictable pollen seasons., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the onset of action and efficacy of 300-IR (index of reactivity) SLIT tablets by using an ACC., METHODS: Patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized into the active or placebo groups. A standardized allergen challenge with grass pollen and symptom evaluation every 15 minutes was performed at baseline, 1 week, and 1, 2, and 4 months of treatment. The primary end point was the average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (ARTSS). Allergen-specific basophil activation, T-cell proliferation, and plasmatic IgE and IgG responses were assessed before and after treatment., RESULTS: In the intention-to-treat population (n = 89) a significant treatment effect was achieved after the first month (P = .0042) and second month (P = .0203) and was maintained through to the fourth month (P = .0007). In the active group the ARTSS (means +/- SDs) decreased at each challenge: week 1, 7.40 +/- 2.682
Efficacy of sublingual swallow immunotherapy in children with severe grass pollen allergic symptoms: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Local application of allergen extracts in specific immunotherapy is accompanied by increased compliance and significantly reduced side effects. However, efficacy of local immunotherapy in children has yet not been sufficiently demonstrated. This study was performed to determine clinical efficacy of high dose sublingual swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) by a double-blind placebo-controlled study in children with grass pollen allergy using high dose allergen extracts., METHODS: A total of 161 children with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis of which, 68 had also asthma symptoms were enrolled in a multicenter double-blind placebo-controlled study for 1 year and treated on a daily basis with sublingually applied allergen drops. After 1 year all children were given treatment for another 2 years in an open-controlled setting. Symptom scores and medication were assessed during the pollen seasons with structured interviews. Applied allergen dosage, compliance, and side effects were documented by daily diary cards. Primary endpoint was a clinical index (CI) combining symptom scores with medication index. Titrated skin prick tests (SPT) and specific antibody measurements were performed each year., RESULTS: Combining symptom with medication scores to CI was highly reliable (reliability coefficient = 0.89, standard error = 9.6%). Allergen-specific IgE- and IgG-subclass antibodies increased significantly in patients treated with SLIT indicating an activation of the immune response induced by the locally applied grass pollen extract. SPT reactivity did not change during therapy. After 1 year of SLIT in the original design we observed no significant difference in the CI between treatment and placebo analyzing all patients included in the study per intention to treat and per protocol. However, subgroup analysis in a repeated measures model revealed that patients with SLIT and severe symptoms before the beginning of treatment (CI > mean/ > 1.51) showed a significant improvement of clinical symptoms after 3 years., CONCLUSION: In this study SLIT was accompanied by a significant placebo effect. Efficacy of treatment could only be seen in children with severe clinical symptoms and this became clinically marked after 3 years of therapy.
Serum concentrations of allergen-specific IgG antibodies in inhalant allergy: effect of specific immunotherapy.; The occurrence of antibodies belonging to IgG class of immunoglobulins with specificity for short ragweed and Bermuda grass in the sera of nonatopic subjects and patients with inhalant allergy (at the time of initial diagnosis, following specific immunotherapy was investigated with an enzyme immunoassay. The intra-assay and inter-assay coefficients of variation for this assay ranged from 1.74%-4.62% and 3.18%-9.12%, respectively. IgG antibodies were found in the sera of the majority of nonatopic and all of atopic subjects. The differences in the concentration of these antibodies between these three groups were statistically significant (P less than 0.001). Specific immunotherapy resulted in a rise in the serum levels of allergen-specific IgG antibodies and, following an initial period of modest increase, a decrease in the level of allergen-specific IgE antibodies. Specific IgG response correlated with both the cumulative antigen dose and the clinical benefit that accrued from specific immunotherapy (P less than 0.001). The increase in the serum concentration of specific IgG was most pronounced in patients with high RAST scores at the time of initial diagnosis (P less than 0.001). The concentrations of short-ragweed specific IgG antibodies assayed with multiple samples in three patients with ragweed hay fever appeared not to be affected by the short-ragweed season to any significant degree. We conclude that direct enzyme immunoassay for allergen-specific IgE and IgG antibodies are useful in vitro monitors of immunologic responses to specific immunotherapy for inhalant allergy.
Anti-IgG antibodies during immunotherapy with purified grass pollen extracts.; In a double blind study 40 patients were allocated specific immunotherapy (hyposensitization) with partially purified timothy extract or two timothy major allergens 19, 25. All patients had typical grass pollen hay fever, in 27% associated with grass pollen asthma and in 13% with birch pollen allergy. Serum IgG anti-IgG antibodies were determined after dithiothreitol treatment. Before hyposensitization, IgG anti-IgG titres greater than or equal to 9 were demonstrated in 45% of the patients. During hyposensitization IgG anti-IgG titres showed a slight initial increase followed by a decrease below pretreatment level. Neither increase nor decrease was statistically significant. Reactions to rabbit IgG F(ab')2 fractions were only obtained during hyposensitization. The occurrence of anti-IgG antibodies did no correlate with symptoms, side effects, or the level of allergen-specific IgG. In a previous study it was demonstrated that patients with multiallergy hyposensitized with combined allergen extracts showed a statistically significant increase in IgG anti-IgG titres during treatment. The increase failed to appear in the present patients allergic only to pollen and treated with purified allergen extracts. It is therefore suggested that a multiallergic condition and the combination and/or purification of allergen extracts administered during hyposensitization may influence the production of IgG anti- IgG antibodies.
Efficacy and safety of allergen-specific immunotherapy in rhinitis, rhinoconjunctivitis, and bee/wasp venom allergies.; The prevalence of allergic diseases, such as rhinoconjunctivitis, is increasing worldwide, particularly in Westernized countries, where more than 30% of the population is affected. Insect venom allergy is also very common, affecting up to 5% of the population. Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only immunomodulatory treatment that may alter the natural course of allergic disease, for example by preventing the development of asthma in rhinitic patients. Nonetheless, the risk-benefit ratio for subcutaneous immunotherapy has changed little from when it was first developed a century ago. However, the rapid evolution of new developments, including new methods of administration and new forms of antigen to stimulate the immune system, now offers improvements in both the safety and the efficacy of specific immunotherapy. These developments include the sublingual administration of the relevant antigens, which has a superior safety profile than the original subcutaneous route. This may enable higher dosages to be used over shorter treatment periods, with a lower risk of anaphylactic reactions. Improvements in the purity, specificity, and immunogenicity of the antigens, often as a result of advances in biotechnology, coupled with the development of new adjuvants, may further increase the efficacy of this form of treatment. This review describes and discusses these new developments in the context of the many recent advances in our understanding of the mechanisms by which immunotherapy appears to act.
Soluble trail as a marker of efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergic rhinitis is a common health problem affecting the immune system. The homeostasis of the immune system is regulated by apoptosis. In this study, serum circulating soluble TRAIL levels of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients before and after allergen-specific immunotherapy were evaluated., MATERIAL/METHODS: The sTRAIL levels of pre- and post-treated allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients (n=25) were compared to age- and sex-matched healthy individuals (n=25). sTRAIL levels were measured by ELISA. The skin prick test (SPT) results were recorded before and after treatment., RESULTS: The sTRAIL levels between the pre-treated and control groups were significantly different (p<0.0001). However, there was no significant difference between the post-treated group and healthy individuals (p=0,801). SPT was a statistically significant difference between the values of the research group before and after immunotherapy (grasses mixture, barley mixture, Oleaauropeae, D. Pteronyssinus, D. farinae)., CONCLUSIONS: The sTRAIL levels were decreased after allergen-specific immunotherapy to healthy levels and may be of use as a marker of efficacy of immunotherapy in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients.
Current issues on sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis.; In 1993 the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology was the first official organization to recognize that sublingual administration could be "promising route" for allergic desensitization. A few years later, the World Health Organization recommended this therapy as "a viable alternative to the injection route in adults." The first meta-analysis showed sublingual allergen specific immunotherapy (SLIT) effectiveness for allergic rhinitis and another study showed SLIT can actually help prevent the development of asthma both in adults and in children. The main goal of this review article is to present insight into the most up-to-date understanding of the clinical efficacy and safety of immunotherapy in the treatment of pediatric patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma. A literature review was performed on PubMed from 1990 to 2015 using the terms "asthma," "allergic rhinitis," "children," "allergen specific immune therapy." Evaluating data from double-blind placebo-controlled randomized clinical trials (DB-PC-RCTs), the clinical efficacy (assessed as the reduction of symptom score and the need of rescue medicament) of SLIT for allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma, has been confirmed in various meta-analysis Outcomes such as rhinoconjunctivitis score and medication scores, combined scores, quality of life, days with severe symptoms, immunological endpoints, and safety parameters were all improved in the SLIT-tablet compared with placebo group. SLIT safety has been already proven in many DB-PC-RCTs and real-life settings. In accordance with all of the above mentioned, the goals for future trials and studies are the development of comprehensive guidelines for clinical practice on immunotherapy, embracing all the different potential participants. The importance of allergen immunotherapy is of special relevance in the pediatric age, when the plasticity and modulability of the immune system are maximal, and when preventative effects can be reasonably expected.
Cluster subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Although allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) represents the only immune- modifying and curative option available for patients with allergic rhinitis (AR), the optimal schedule for specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is still unknown. The objective of this study is to systematically assess the efficacy and safety of cluster SCIT for patients with AR., METHODS: By searching PubMed, EMBASE and the Cochrane clinical trials database from 1980 through May 10th, 2013, we collected and analyzed the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of cluster SCIT to assess its efficacy and safety., RESULTS: Eight trials involving 567 participants were included in this systematic review. Our meta-analysis showed that cluster SCIT have similar effect in reduction of both rhinitis symptoms and the requirement for anti-allergic medication compared with conventional SCIT, but when comparing cluster SCIT with placebo, no statistic significance were found in reduction of symptom scores or medication scores. Some caution is required in this interpretation as there was significant heterogeneity between studies. Data relating to Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) in 3 included studies were analyzed, which consistently point to the efficacy of cluster SCIT in improving quality of life compared to placebo. To assess the safety of cluster SCIT, meta-analysis showed that no differences existed in the incidence of either local adverse reaction or systemic adverse reaction between the cluster group and control group., CONCLUSION: Based on the current limited evidence, we still could not conclude affirmatively that cluster SCIT was a safe and efficacious option for the treatment of AR patients. Further large-scale, well-designed RCTs on this topic are still needed.
Dynamic Changes, Correlation of Basophils, and the Therapeutic Effect in Patients With Allergic Rhinitis During Allergen-specific Immunotherapy.; BACKGROUND: The role of basophils in allergic rhinitis (AR) has been studied extensively
Acupuncture as an add-on therapy to sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy for patients with allergic rhinitis.; This study retrospectively analyzed the effectiveness of acupuncture as add-on therapy (AAOT) to sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (SASIT) for patients with allergic rhinitis (AR). A total of 120 eligible cases of adult patients with AR were included in this retrospective study. Of these, 60 patients received AAOT plus SASIT and were assigned to a treatment group, while the other 60 subjects underwent SASIT only, and were assigned to a control group. Primary outcome was AR symptoms. The secondary outcome was quality of life, as evaluated by the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ). In addition, adverse events were also recorded during the study period. All outcomes were assessed before and after 8 weeks treatment. After 8 weeks treatment, patients in the treatment group had much better effectiveness in symptoms relief (P <.05), and quality of life improvement (activity domain, P = .04
Quality of life outcomes with sublingual immunotherapy.; PURPOSE: Immunotherapy is the titrated exposure of allergens to induce immunologic tolerance and offers long-term immune modification. Traditional subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) has resulted in several deaths and raised safety concerns. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is an alternative administration route for allergen-specific immunotherapy. Compared to SCIT, SLIT has a shorter escalation phase, equal or greater efficacy for rhinitis, and an improved safety profile. The purpose of this study was to evaluate quality of life measures in a preliminary patient sample initiating SLIT at our institution., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients with appropriate allergen reactivity were given the option to pursue immunotherapy by traditional SCIT or by SLIT techniques. Patients choosing SLIT completed the mini-Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (m-RQLQ), a 14-item Likert-type questionnaire, at baseline and during maintenance therapy. Patients typically reached maintenance dosing in less than 5 weeks., RESULTS: Paired m-RQLQ data were available for 15 patients after antigen titration. Initial m-RQLQ results indicate statistically significant (P < .05) improvement on 12 of 14 domains, including impact on regular and recreational activities, sleep, nose rubbing and nose blowing, stuffy nose and runny nose, itchy eyes, sore eyes, watery eyes, thirst, and tiredness. In addition, total m-RQLQ score showed statistically significant improvement (P = .001). No serious adverse events occurred with the initiation of SLIT., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that SLIT is effective in controlling allergic symptoms and is safe in an introductory patient sample. Double-blind placebo-controlled trials are needed to confirm our preliminary results.
Does skin prick test response intensity predict symptom severity and efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis?.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of response intensity of allergen skin prick test (SPT) on symptom severity and long-term efficacy of dust mite subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in allergic rhinitis (AR)., METHODS: AR Patients diagnosed with dust mite allergy and completed 3 years of SCIT were collected and classified into three groups: grade 2 (SPT of + +), grade 3 (SPT of + + +) and grade 4 (SPT of + + + +). Comparisons between groups were performed to examine the associations of SPT categories and symptom severity and the long-term efficacy of SCIT in AR., RESULTS: 181 AR patients were included. There was no significant difference in the baseline TNSS, SMS, RQLQ and VAS, and particularly to symptom severity grading among three SPT grade groups (P > 0.05). The moderate-severe AR was more likely to be smoking and accompany with asthma and had higher prevalence of sensitization to cockroach, mixed grass and tree pollen than mild AR (P < 0.05). Prevalence of sensitization to cockroach, mixed grass, ragweed and animal dander was increased in AR patients with asthma and allergic conjunctivitis (P < 0.05). Furthermore, after 3 years of SCIT, no statistical differences in TNSS, SMS, RQLQ, VAS and long-term efficacy were observed among the three SPT grade groups (P > 0.05). Similarly, long-term outcomes of patients with different SPT grades did not differ among different clinical characteristics and different efficacy determination criteria (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The SPT response intensity cannot be used as an objective evaluation index for symptom severity and the long-term efficacy of SCIT in AR patients. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Update on sublingual immunotherapy.; OBJECTIVE: To obtain a current understanding of the mechanisms, clinical indications, efficacy, and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for the treatment of children and adults with allergic rhinitis, asthma, and allergic conjunctivitis., METHODS: A MEDLINE and Index Medicus search for peer-reviewed articles on SLIT was performed., RESULTS: Since the approval of SLIT by the World Health Organization in 1988, the efficacy and safety of SLIT have been confirmed in several new double-blind, placebo-controlled studies for monosensitized patients who are allergic to house dust mites, grass pollens, ragweed, and birch pollen. Documented immunologic responses to SLIT have included a decrease in serum eosinophilic cationic protein and interleukin 13 (IL-13) levels, an elevation in IL-12 levels, a reduction in late-phase responses, and increases in IgG4/IgE ratios. A Cochrane review of 22 studies confirmed the efficacy and safety of SLIT for patients with allergic rhinitis. A long-term asthma study showed sustained efficacy 5 years after discontinuing the vaccine. The safety of SLIT has been confirmed in postmarketing studies, and severe systemic adverse effects have never been reported. In view of its safety profile, SLIT is taken by the patient at home (away from specialized centers), and no specialized resuscitation facilities are required., CONCLUSION: SLIT is a safe and effective therapeutic option for patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma. Because of its efficacy, safety, and ease of administration, it has been accepted in Europe, Southern Africa, Australasia, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East as a promising therapeutic option that can significantly alter the natural history of allergic disease without the risks of injection immunotherapy.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids. III. Efficacy and safety of unfractionated and high-molecular-weight preparations in rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma.; Specific immunotherapy with unmodified formalinized allergoids is effective in grass-pollen allergy, but systemic reactions have been observed. A high-molecular-weight formalinized allergoid (HMW-GOID) was fractionated by gel filtration, retaining molecules of greater than 85,000 daltons in the expectation of improving safety without sacrificing efficacy. HMW-GOID and unfractionated allergoid (GOID) had a similar allergenic activity assessed by RAST inhibition, but the HMW-GOID preparation was 65 times less reactive when it was tested by skin prick test than the GOID preparation. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was carried out in grass pollen-allergic patients with placebo (14 patients), GOID (15 patients), and HMW-GOID (13 patients). An additional group of 18 patients was treated by a rush schedule with a standardized orchard grass-pollen extract. A similar mean cumulative dose was administered with both allergoids. The fractionated allergoid only elicited minor systemic reactions similar to reactions elicited by placebo, whereas 20% of patients treated by GOID and 5.5% of patients receiving the standardized extract had a severe systemic reaction. For rhinitis, conjunctivitis, and asthma, the HMW-GOID and the standardized extract had a similar efficacy, significantly greater than placebo. GOID was less effective than the other two active treatments but was significantly more effective than placebo treatment for asthma and conjunctivitis.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy with one or two allergens renders similar clinical response in patients with allergic rhinitis due to birch and grass pollen.; INTRODUCTION: There is a need for a fast, efficient and safe way to induce tolerance in patients with severe allergic rhinitis. Intralymphatic immune therapy has been shown to be effective., METHODS: Patients with severe birch and timothy allergy were randomized and received three doses of 0.1 ml of birch and 5-grass allergen extracts (10,000 SQ units/ml, ALK-Abello), or birch and placebo or 5-grass and placebo by ultrasound-guided injections into inguinal lymph nodes at monthly intervals. Rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score, medication score and rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire were evaluated before treatment and after each birch and grass pollen season during three subsequent years. Circulating proportions of T helper subsets and allergen-induced cytokine and chemokine production were analysed by flow cytometry and Luminex., RESULTS: The three groups reported fewer symptoms, lower use of medication and improved quality of life during the birch and grass pollen seasons each year after treatment at an almost similar rate independently of treatment with one or two allergens. Mild local pain was the most common adverse event. IgE levels to birch decreased, whereas birch-induced IL-10 secretion increased in all three groups. IgG4 levels to birch and timothy and skin prick test reactivity remained mainly unchanged. Conjunctival challenge tests with timothy extract showed a higher threshold for allergen. In all three groups, regulatory T cell frequencies were increased 3 years after treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Intralymphatic immunotherapy with one or two allergens in patients with grass and birch pollen allergy was safe, effective and may be associated with bystander immune modulatory responses., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT (2013-004726-28). Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Clinical & Experimental Allergy published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled study with sublingual immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen.; UNLABELLED: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been recognized as a viable alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy for respiratory allergies both in adults and children, but clinical documentation about safety and efficacy in children is still poor. The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerance of SLIT in children who are sensitized to grass pollen., METHODS: Children with a clinical history of intermittent rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without mild asthma and positive skin prick tests to grass pollen, were selected to participate in a 2-year double-blind, placebo-controlled study with SLIT, using a grass extract (ALK-Abello)., RESULTS: 22 children were analyzed at the end of the study. No relevant side effects occurred in the active group. A statistically significant difference (p = 0.05
Safety and tolerability of seasonal ultra-rush, high-dose sublingual-swallow immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis to grass and tree pollens: an observational study in 193 children and adolescents.; OBJECTIVE: We conducted a large observational study in 193 children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis due to grass or tree pollens to evaluate the safety and tolerability of an ultrarush high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) regimen reaching a maintenance dose of 300 index of reactivity within 90 minutes., METHODS: Children and adolescents aged 5 to 17 years with at least a 1-year medical history of allergic rhinitis with or without mild to moderate asthma due to tree pollens (birch, alder, hazel) or grass pollens (cocksfoot, meadow grass, rye grass, sweet vernal grass, timothy) were recruited. Standardized grass and tree pollen allergen extracts were used for ultrarush titration and subsequent coseasonal maintenance., RESULTS: During ultrarush titration, 60 patients (31%) reported 117 predominantly mild and local adverse events, which resolved within 150 minutes. During the maintenance phase, 562 adverse events were reported
Oralair R: sublingual immunotherapy for the treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.; Oralair( R) is a sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy tablet that was authorized for use in Europe on 26 November 2009 and is currently in Phase III clinical trials in the USA. It is indicated for the management of grass pollen allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis in adults, adolescents and children (above the age of 5) with clinically relevant symptoms, confirmed by a positive cutaneous test and/or a positive titer of the specific IgE to the grass pollen. Treatment is composed of an initiation phase (3-day dose escalation: 100 IR [index of reactivity] on day 1, 200 IR on day 2 and 300 IR on day 3) and a continuation phase at a dosage of 300 IR/day. Treatment is scheduled to start approximately 4 months before the actual start of the pollen season and should be continued throughout the season. The treatment should be prescribed and initiated by an experienced allergy specialist.
Short course of grass allergen peptides immunotherapy over 3 weeks reduces seasonal symptoms in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma: A randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Immunotherapy with peptide hydrolysates from Lolium perenne (LPP) is an alternative treatment for seasonal allergic rhinitis with or without asthma. The aim of this study was to assess the clinical efficacy and safety of a cumulative dose of 170 mug LPP administered subcutaneously over 3 weeks., METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 554 adults with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized (1:2 ratio) to receive 8 subcutaneous injections of placebo or 170 mug LPP administered in increasing doses in 4 visits over 3 weeks. The primary outcome was the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) measured over the peak pollen season. Reactivity to conjunctival provocation test (CPT) and quality of life (QOL) was assessed as secondary endpoints., RESULTS: The mean reduction in CSMS in the LPP vs placebo group was -15.5% (P = .041) during the peak period and -17.9% (P = .029) over the entire pollen season. LPP-treated group had a reduced reactivity to CPT (P < .001) and, during the pollen season, a lower rhinoconjunctivitis QOL global score (P = .005) compared with placebo group. Mostly mild and WAO grade 1 early systemic reaction (ESR) were observed <=30 minutes in 10.5% of LPP-treated patients, whereas 3 patients with a medical history of asthma (<1%) experienced a serious ESR that resolved with rescue medication., CONCLUSION: Lolium perenne pollen peptides administered over 3 weeks before the grass pollen season significantly reduced seasonal symptoms and was generally safe and well-tolerated. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Allergy Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Five-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet for the treatment of grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: 5 years of experience.; Oralair( R) (OA) (Stallergenes, Antony, France) is a unique pre- and co-seasonal 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet launched in 2008, and now approved in 31 countries worldwide for the treatment of grass-pollen allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis. OA is the first oral treatment with a consistent, well-balanced allergen extract that mimics natural exposure and sensitization. A wealth of data exists from over 5 years of clinical and real-world experience demonstrating the efficacy and safety of OA for grass-pollen-allergy treatment. OA is highly effective from the first pollen season in all patient subgroups, including children and those with comorbid mild asthma, irrespective of sensitization status and symptom severity. OA also has sustained long-term benefits for symptom control and quality of life. This article provides an overview of the pharmacodynamics and pharmacology of OA
Efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergen immunotherapy (desensitization) by injection is effective for seasonal allergic rhinitis and has been shown to induce long-term disease remission. The sublingual route also has potential, although definitive evidence from large randomized controlled trials has been lacking., OBJECTIVE: The aim was to confirm the efficacy of a rapidly dissolving grass allergen tablet (GRAZAX, ALK-Abello, Horsholm, Denmark) compared with placebo in patients with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis., METHODS: A longitudinal, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study that included 51 centers from 8 countries. Subjects were randomized (1:1) to receive a grass allergen tablet or placebo once daily. A total of 634 subjects with a history of grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis for at least 2 years and confirmation of IgE sensitivity (positive skin prick test and serum-specific IgE) were included in the study. Subjects commenced treatment at least 16 weeks before the grass pollen season, and treatment was continued throughout the entire season., RESULTS: The primary efficacy analysis showed a reduction of 30% in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (P < .0001) and a reduction of 38% in rhinoconjunctivitis medication score (P < .0001) compared with placebo. Side effects mainly comprised mild itching and swelling in the mouth that was in general well tolerated and led to treatment withdrawal in less than 4% of participants. There were no serious local side effects and no severe systemic adverse events., CONCLUSION: Sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets was effective in grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. The tablet was well tolerated with minor local side effects., CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The grass allergen tablet represents a safe alternative to injection immunotherapy suitable for home use.
Comparison of the effect of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets and drops in children with rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: One of the most important aspects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is the regimen of administration., AIM: To find any differences in symptom-medication scores between the two groups of SLIT tablets and drops, given pre-coseasonally (starting 8 weeks before the pollen season) in children with rhinoconjunctivitis allergy to grass pollen. The secondary outcome were the differences in lung function and induction of T-regulatory forkhead box P3 (FOXP3) positive cells., METHODS: This was a retrospective, secondary analysis of pooled data obtained from our two prospective randomized placebo controlled trials that involved children who underwent SLIT. Forty-one children, ages 6-18 years, with allergic rhinitis (AR), sensitive to grass pollen, participated in the study., RESULTS: Treatment with both tablets and drops significantly reduced all symptoms (nasal, asthma, and ocular) within the groups
Health economic comparison of SLIT allergen and SCIT allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal grass-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in Germany.; BACKGROUND: Allergoids are chemically modified allergen extracts administered to reduce allergenicity and to maintain immunogenicity. Oralair R (the 5-grass tablet) is a sublingual native grass allergen tablet for pre- and co-seasonal treatment. Based on a literature review, meta-analysis, and cost-effectiveness analysis the relative effects and costs of the 5-grass tablet versus a mix of subcutaneous allergoid compounds for grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were assessed., METHODS: A Markov model with a time horizon of nine years was used to assess the costs and effects of three-year immunotherapy treatment. Relative efficacy expressed as standardized mean differences was estimated using an indirect comparison on symptom scores extracted from available clinical trials. The Rhinitis Symptom Utility Index (RSUI) was applied as a proxy to estimate utility values for symptom scores. Drug acquisition and other medical costs were derived from published sources as well as estimates for resource use, immunotherapy persistence, and occurrence of asthma. The analysis was executed from the German payer's perspective, which includes payments of the Statutory Health Insurance (SHI) and additional payments by insurants. Comprehensive deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses and different scenarios were performed to test the uncertainty concerning the incremental model outcomes., RESULTS: The applied model predicted a cost-utility ratio of the 5-grass tablet versus a market mix of injectable allergoid products of  12,593 per QALY in the base case analysis. Predicted incremental costs and QALYs were  458 (95% confidence interval, CI:  220
Optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Sublingual immunotherapy is well tolerated and data suggest its effectiveness for the treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults, but it lacks optimum dose definition., OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy, safety, and optimal dose of grass pollen tablets for immunotherapy of patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis., METHODS: In this multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 628 adults with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis (confirmed by positive skin prick test and serum-specific IgE) received 1 of 3 doses of a standardized 5-grass pollen extract, or placebo, administered sublingually using a once-daily tablet formulation. The treatment was initiated 4 months before the estimated pollen season and continued throughout the season. The primary outcome was Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score
Quality of life improvement after a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy in patients with house dust mite and grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis: results from real-life.; BACKGROUND: Along with its high prevalence, the burden of allergic rhinitis rests upon the serious impact on quality of life of patients. Allergic rhinitis is associated with impairments in daily activities, work and school performance, and practical problems. Patients suffer from sleep disorders and emotional problems. The advantages of sublingual immunotherapy on quality of life have only recently begun to emerge. The objective of this prospective real-life study was to evaluate the effect of a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy with house dust mite (HDM) and grass pollen extracts on quality of life in adults with allergic rhinitis., METHODS: A total number of 191 adult patients [105 (54,979%) men
The effects of grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy on clinical and immunological parameters in children with allergic rhinitis.; Allergoid immunotherapy is a new form of allergen immunotherapy allowing safe administration of high allergen doses. There is limited information on the effects of allergoid immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis. To investigate the immunological and clinical effects of allergoid immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis due to grass pollen allergy. Children with allergic rhinitis were assigned to allergoid immunotherapy (n = 27) or control (n = 26, no immunotherapy) groups. Children in the immunotherapy group received seven injections of grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy before grass pollen season and continued to receive maintenance immunotherapy for 27 months. All patients were offered a pharmacotherapy regimen to be used on demand during the pollen seasons. Clinical and laboratory parameters were compared between the immunotherapy and control groups. The rhinoconjunctivitis symptom-medication score and asthma symptom score were lower in the immunotherapy group after 1 yr of maintenance immunotherapy (p < 0.01 for both). Skin test reactivity and nasal reactivity as determined by nasal provocation testing for grass pollen were significantly decreased after 1 yr of immunotherapy (p < 0.001 for both). The seasonal increase in bronchial reactivity and nasal lavage eosinophil cationic protein levels were prevented after the first year of immunotherapy (p < 0.05 for both). The seasonal increase in immunoglobulin (Ig)E decreased (p < 0.05) and grass-specific IgG, IgG(1) and IgG(4) increased significantly already at the end of the seven-injection build-up therapy (p < 0.001, for all). Interleukin (IL)-4 levels in the culture supernatants showed a steady decline from baseline at first and second year of immunotherapy (p < 0.001) but remained unchanged in the control group. Allergoid immunotherapy is an effective method in the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in children and prevents the seasonal increase in bronchial hyper-reactivity. Changes in specific IgE and IgG levels and decreased IL-4 production in peripheral blood mononuclear cell culture supernatants may account for the observed clinical effects.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy with birch and grass pollen extracts. A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: There is a need to evaluate the safety and efficacy of intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) for inducing tolerance in patients with allergic rhinitis., METHODS: Thirty-seven patients with seasonal allergic symptoms to birch and grass pollen and skin prick test >3 mm and/or IgE to birch and timothy >0.35 kU/L were randomized to either ILIT, with three doses of 0.1 mL of birch pollen and 5-grass pollen allergen extracts on aluminium hydroxide (10,000 SQ-U/ml
Health-Related Quality of Life During Routine Treatment with the SQ-Standardised Grass Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet: A Non-Interventional Observational Study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) with the SQ( R) grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet has been shown to be efficacious, well-tolerated and to improve disease-specific health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in controlled clinical trials. The aim of our study was to investigate HRQoL in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis routinely treated with the SLIT-tablet and taking symptomatic medication as needed compared with patients treated only with symptomatic medication., METHODS: In a non-interventional, open-label study, patients treated with the SLIT-tablet were observed for about 12 months compared with patients only symptomatically treated. Patients assessed their HRQoL with the 12-Item Short Form Health Survey (SF-12) and the Rhinitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) in the grass pollen seasons (GPS) at baseline (GPS1, HRQoL1), after GPS1 (HRQoL2) and in the following GPS (GPS2, HRQoL3). Tolerability, compliance, symptoms and medication use were assessed in the SLIT-tablet group by the physician., RESULTS: Overall, data were analysed in 576 patients. Mean differences (+/-SD) in overall scores for HRQoL3 versus HRQoL1 (186 patients) of SF-12 were +11.4 +/- 16.8 (SLIT-tablet) and -3.4 +/- 15.7 (symptomatic medication), (p < 0.0001), and of RQLQ -1.31 +/- 1.07 and +0.10 +/- 0.74 (p < 0.001), and for HRQoL3 versus HRQoL2 (238 patients) of SF-12 -1.6 +/- 15.3 and -10.0 +/- 14.1 (p = 0.0003), and of RQLQ +0.22 +/- 1.29 and +1.24 +/- 1.30 (p < 0.0001). Tolerability and adherence for the SLIT-tablet were comparable with data of other non-interventional studies., CONCLUSIONS: Routine treatment with the SQ( R) grass SLIT-tablet resulted in clear improvements in disease-specific and general quality of life, while no improvements were observed in patients treated only symptomatically.
Grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal rhinitis and asthma: a randomized, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Grass pollen immunotherapy significantly reduces hay fever symptoms and medication requirements. Effects on seasonal asthma are less clear, and concerns over safety persist., OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to assess the effects of grass pollen immunotherapy on symptoms, bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and quality of life in seasonal rhinitis and asthma., METHODS: Forty-four patients with severe summer hay fever (of whom 36 reported seasonal chest symptoms and 28 had seasonal bronchial hyperresponsiveness) participated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study. After symptom monitoring for one summer, participants received injections of a depot grass pollen vaccine (n = 22) or matched placebo injections (n = 22) in a rapid updosing cluster regimen for 4 weeks, followed by monthly injections for 2 years. Outcome measures included hay fever symptoms and medication use, health-related quality of life, and measurements of nonspecific bronchial responsiveness., RESULTS: Significant reductions were observed in the immunotherapy group compared with the placebo group in hay fever symptoms (49%, 15%
Long-term clinical efficacy of grass-pollen immunotherapy.; BACKGROUND: Pollen immunotherapy is effective in selected patients with IgE-mediated seasonal allergic rhinitis, although it is questionable whether there is long-term benefit after the discontinuation of treatment., METHODS: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the discontinuation of immunotherapy for grass-pollen allergy in patients in whom three to four years of this treatment had previously been shown to be effective. During the three years of this trial, primary outcome measures were scores for seasonal symptoms and the use of rescue medication. Objective measures included the immediate conjunctival response and the immediate and late skin responses to allergen challenge. Cutaneous-biopsy specimens obtained 24 hours after intradermal allergen challenge were examined for T-cell infiltration and the presence of cytokine-producing T helper cells (TH2 cells) (as evidenced by the presence of interleukin-4 messenger RNA). A matched group of patients with hay fever who had not received immunotherapy was followed as a control for the natural course of the disease., RESULTS: Scores for seasonal symptoms and the use of rescue antiallergic medication, which included short courses of prednisolone, remained low after the discontinuation of immunotherapy, and there was no significant difference between patients who continued immunotherapy and those who discontinued it. Symptom scores in both treatment groups (median areas under the curve in 1995, 921 for continuation of immunotherapy and 504 for discontinuation of immunotherapy
Effect of sublingual immunotherapy with grass monomeric allergoid on allergen-specific T-cell proliferation and interleukin 10 production.; BACKGROUND: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is safe and efficacious in the treatment of patients with allergic rhinitis. Although favorable clinical effects have been observed with controlled trials as early as a few months since the beginning of treatment, few biological changes induced by SLIT have been demonstrated., OBJECTIVE: To investigate in grass-allergic patients the effect of a 2-month SLIT regimen, administered with a simplified protocol without up-dosing, on proliferation and production of cytokines characteristic of the regulatory T-cell phenotype (interleukin 10 [IL-10] and transforming growth factor beta [TGF-beta]) by allergen-specific T cells., METHODS: Patients were recruited to the study in January 2006. SLIT was performed by self-administration and was continued for 60 days from February to April 2006. Eleven grass pollen-allergic patients with seasonal rhinitis were treated daily before the pollen season for 2 months with a modified allergen (monomeric allergoid) derived from a 3-grass pollen extract. Allergen-specific proliferation and production of IL-10 and TGF-beta were measured on peripheral blood mononuclear cells at baseline and treatment end. Tetanus toxoid served as the control antigen., RESULTS: After SLIT, allergen-specific (P = .002) but not tetanus toxoid-specific proliferation decreased, whereas IL-10 transcription increased (P < .001). TGB-beta transcription was also increased after treatment, although not statistically significantly (P = .06). Changes in proliferation to allergen and in IL-10 transcription were correlated (r = -0.82, P = .003)., CONCLUSIONS: A short-term course of SLIT with modified allergen in grass-allergic patients is associated with the reduction of allergen-specific proliferation and with the up-regulation of the IL-10 regulatory cytokine.
Effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy on platelet secretory activity in patients with grass-pollen allergy.; Platelet may become activated following antigen challenge to participate then actively in the immune-inflammatory response. Moreover, some evidence proves that specific immunotherapy induces changes in the platelet function. The objective of this study was to determine circulating platelet activity during the early phase of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) in patients with grass pollen-sensitive allergic rhinitis. Twelve grass-pollen allergic patients (seven men and five women) with intermittent allergic rhinitis were treated with specific subcutaneous allergoid preparation. SIT was received by six weekly injections, the vaccine dose increasing until the maintenance level was reached. Blood was sampled at four different time points: before and directly before SIT, 30 min and 24 h after the maximum dose injection of the vaccine. Plasma level of beta-thromboglobulin (beta-TG), marker of platelet activation in vivo was measured using ELISA method. Baseline beta-TG level did not differ significantly among the patients and healthy subjects. Moreover, no significant differences were observed in the degree of platelet activity between the different times of this study in the patients group. We failed to detect any significant changes in circulating platelet activity, the measure of plasma level of beta-TG, in patients with grass-pollen induced intermittent rhinitis during the course of the dose increase phase of grass pollen SIT. In particular, it seems that both early (after 30 min) and late (after 24 h) changes in plasma level of this marker do not occur following the maximum dose administration of the allergen vaccine during the early SIT phase.
IL-5 production by allergen-stimulated T cells following grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis.; Grass pollen immunotherapy for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis ('summer hayfever') results in improvement in symptoms, a reduction in the early and late phase responses to allergen provocation and decreased tissue eosinophilia. Immunotherapy may act by altering the pattern of cytokine production by allergen-specific T cells from a 'Th2-type' (IL-4 and IL-5) profile to a 'Th1-type' (interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma)) profile. We set out to determine whether clinical improvement following specific allergen immunotherapy is accompanied by reduced production of the pro-eosinophilic and archetypal 'Th2-type' cytokine, IL-5. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) were isolated from (i) 13 patients who had received 6 or 7 years' continuous conventional immunotherapy with timothy grass pollen (Phleum pratense)
IFNG, FCER1A, PCDHB10 expression as a new potential marker of efficacy in grass pollen allergen-specific immunotherapy.; INTRODUCTION: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the core treatment in allergic rhinitis and asthma. Although widely used, some patients do not benefit from treatment and there is no efficacy objective marker., AIM: To define the profile of gene transcripts during the build-up phase of AIT and their comparison to the control group and then search for a viable efficacy marker in relation to patient symptoms., MATERIAL AND METHODS: AIT was administered in 22 patients allergic to grass pollen. Analysis of 15 selected transcript expression was performed in whole blood samples taken before AIT (sample A) and after reaching the maintenance dose (sample B). The control group included 25 healthy volunteers (sample C). The primary endpoint was Relative Quantification. The gene expression analysis was followed by clinical evaluation with the use of Allergy Control Score (ACS)., RESULTS: Comparison between samples A and B of gene expression showed a significant increase in IFNG expression (p = 0.03). In relation to the control group, pretreatment samples from patients showed higher levels of AFAP1L1 (p = 0.006), COMMD8 (p = 0.001), PIK3CD (p = 0.027) and TWIST2 (p = 0.0003) in univariate analysis. A generalized linear regression model was built according to the Bayesian Information Criterion based on the IFNG, FCER1A and PCDHB10 expression pattern for prediction of the AIT outcome. The model showed a correlation in predicted and observed changes in ACS., CONCLUSIONS: There is a significant change in the expression of IFNG during the build-up phase of AIT. The authors propose an in vitro model of AIT efficacy prediction for further validation. Copyright: © 2021 Termedia Sp. z o. o.
Sustained effect of grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy on suppression of allergen-specific basophil response; a real-life, nonrandomized controlled study.
Intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy: an effective and safe alternative treatment route for pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only causative treatment of IgE-mediated allergic disorders. The most common administration route is subcutaneous, which may necessitate more than 50 allergen injections during 3 to 5 years. Recent evidence suggests that direct intralymphatic injections could yield faster beneficial results with considerably lower allergen doses and markedly reduced numbers of injections., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy in pollen-allergic patients., METHODS: In an open pilot investigation followed by a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, patients with allergic rhinitis were treated with 3 intralymphatic inguinal injections of ALK Alutard (containing 1000 SQ-U birch pollen or grass pollen) or placebo (ALK diluent). Clinical pre- and posttreatment parameters were assessed, the inflammatory cell content in nasal lavage fluids estimated, and the activation pattern of peripheral T cells described., RESULTS: All patients tolerated the intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) treatment well, and the injections did not elicit any severe adverse event. Patients receiving active treatment displayed an initial increase in allergen-specific IgE level and peripheral T-cell activation. A clinical improvement in nasal allergic symptoms upon challenge was recorded along with a decreased inflammatory response in the nose. In addition, these patients reported an improvement in their seasonal allergic disease. No such changes were seen in the placebo group., CONCLUSIONS: Although this study is based on a limited number of patients, ILIT with grass-pollen or birch-pollen extracts appears to reduce nasal allergic symptoms without causing any safety problems. Hence, ILIT might constitute a less time-consuming and more cost-effective alternative to conventional subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy. Copyright © 2013 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology. Published by Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
The effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy on polymorphonuclear leukocyte functions in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.; Immunotherapy plays an important role in the therapy of allergic rhinitis and bronchial asthma. However, there is not much information about the effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) on the polymorphonuclear leukocyte functions. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of specific immunotherapy on phagocytic and intracellular killing activities of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) derived from patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis. Twenty-four patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis documented to be sensitive to grass pollen were included in this study. Patients were divided into 3 groups. Group 1 (n=7) received conventional immunotherapy whereas patients in Group 2 (n=7) were treated with short-term immunotherapy and the third group (n=10) were given placebo during the study process. Both phagocytic and intracellular killing activities were significantly increased (p=0.002, p<0.0001, respectively) by conventional immunotherapy when compared to the first determination. In the short-term immunotherapy group, phagocytic activity was increased very significantly (p=0.0001), whereas intracellular killing activity was not affected (p=0.252). There were no changes in these parameters in the placebo group. These results suggest that allergen-specific immunotherapy has an enhancing effect on PMNs functions in the patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis. It should be clarified by further studies whether this enhancement might be considered as another beneficial effect of the immunotherapy.
Efficacy of subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a meta-analysis-based comparison.; BACKGROUND: Subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy are the 2 most prescribed routes for administering allergen-specific immunotherapy. They were shown to be effective in control of symptoms and in reducing rescue medication use in patients with allergic diseases, but their effectiveness has to be balanced against side effects. In recent years, SLIT has been increasingly prescribed, instead of SCIT, because of improved safety and easy administration., OBJECTIVE: We assessed which route is the most effective in the treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen., METHODS: An indirect meta-analysis-based comparison between SCIT and SLIT was performed. Treatment efficacy was determined as the standardized mean difference (SMD) in symptom and medication scores obtained with active treatment, SCIT or SLIT, compared with placebo. Studies were included if they were double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing SCIT or SLIT with placebo. Thirty-six randomized controlled trials (3014 patients
Protocol for a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of grass allergen immunotherapy tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis: time course of nasal, cutaneous and immunological outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis is characterised by inflammation of the nasal mucosa upon exposure to common aeroallergens, affecting up to 20-25 % of the population. For those patients whose symptoms are not controlled by standard medical treatment, allergen specific immunotherapy is a therapeutic alternative. Although several studies have shown changes in immunologic responses as well as long term tolerance following treatment with a sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet, a detailed time course of the early mechanistic changes of local and systemic T and B cell responses and the effects on B cell repertoire in the nasal mucosa have not been fully examined., METHODS/DESIGN: This is a randomized, double-blind, single-centre, placebo controlled, two arm time course study based in the United Kingdom comparing sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet (GRAZAX( R), ALK-Abello Horsholm, Denmark) plus standard treatment with placebo plus standard treatment. Up to 50 moderate to severe grass pollen allergic participants will be enrolled to ensure randomisation of at least 44. Further, we shall enrol 20 non-atopic volunteers. Screening will be completed before eligible atopic participants are randomised to one of the two treatment arms in a 1 to 1 ratio. The primary endpoint will be the total nasal symptom score assessed over 60 min following grass pollen nasal allergen challenge after 12 months of treatment. Clinical assessments and/or mechanistic analyses on blood, nasal fluid, brushing and biopsies will be performed at baseline at 1, 2, 3, 4 (coinciding with the peak pollen season), 6 and 12 months of treatment. After 12 months of treatment, unblinding will take place. Those atopic participants receiving active treatment will continue therapy for another 12 months followed by a post treatment phase of 12 months. Assessments and collection of biologic samples from these participants will take place again at 24 and at 36 months from the start of treatment. The 20 healthy, non-atopic controls will undergo screening and one visit only coinciding with the 12 month visit for the atopic participants., DISCUSSION: The trial will end in April 2017. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov and the trial identifying number is NCT02005627., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Primary Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov, Trial Identifying number: NCT02005627, Secondary identifying numbers: EudraCT number: 2013-003732-72 REC: 13/EM/0351, Imperial College London (Sponsor): 13IC0847, Protocol Version 6.0, Date: 16.05.2014.
Epidemiology of allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollen or house-dust mites in Spain.; BACKGROUND: Although the prevalence of allergic rhinitis (AR) is increasing, relatively little is known about patient characteristics in Spain. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical profile and therapeutic strategies in patients attending Spanish specialists for AR caused by grass pollen or house-dust mites (HDMs)., METHODS: This was a multicenter cross-sectional epidemiological study of consecutive patients aged >=5 years with confirmed diagnosis of AR caused by grass pollen or HDMs attending allergy specialists throughout Spain. Demographic and clinical data and information on treatment were collected., RESULTS: Data from 1043 patients were analyzed (524 with grass pollen allergy and 519 with HDM allergy
Allergen-specific immunotherapy and COVID-19: What happened?.; BACKGROUND: The COVID-19 infection played a key role in the discontinuation of patient treatment, such as allergen-specific immunotherapy, in chronic diseases., OBJECTIVES: We conducted a retrospective observational study at Verona University Hospital, Verona, Italy, to assess the level of adherence to sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in patients affected by allergic rhinitis and mild asthma., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We compared and analysed data related to first prescription and collection of 5-grass-pollen 300-index of reactivity (IR) SLIT and tablet lyophilisate, containing 75,000 standardized quality tablet units (SQ-T) allergen extract of grass-pollen from Phleum pratense L, for the five-year period 2017-2021. In particular we considered the group of naive patients from 2017 who completed pre-COVID treatment (2017-2019) and the group of naive patients from 2019 who completed treatment during the COVID period (2019-2021). The significance test used was Student's t-test, and P < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant., RESULTS: In the three-year period 2017-2019, 264 naive patients began treatment in 2017, of these 181 continued in 2018, 135 continued in 2019. Instead, for the period 2017-2019, there were 226 naive patients in 2019
Effectiveness and adverse reactions to subcutaneous immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis/asthma.; OBJECTIVE: Adverse reactions, which are mostly local and rarely systemic, can be seen during subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). It was not possible to continue SCIT at times due to systemic reactions. The purpose of the present study was to identify the incidence and risk factors associated with adverse reactions during subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT)., METHODS: A total number of 344 patients under 18 years old with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma who underwent SCIT between 2005 and 2021 were included in the study. Demographic characteristics of the patients, laboratory findings [Total Immunglobulin E(IgE), aeroallergen prick test, inhaler, and allergen specific IgE(sIgE) and eosinophil counts], and adverse events observed during AIT were recorded retrospectively. Descriptive and univariate/multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify risk factors for adverse events., RESULTS: Among 344 patients, 33.4% (n = 115) were female, mean age was 133.1 +/- 41.0 months, and 42.2% (n = 145) were >12 years old. One hundred-thirty eight (40.1%) of the patients were mono-sensitized, 47 (13.7%) had asthma, 207 (60.2%) allergic rhinitis, and 90 (26.2%) asthma and allergic rhinitis. Single allergen content was administered to 187 (54.4%) patients (62 mite, 114 grass mix, 11 olea), and multiple allergens to 157 (45.6%) patients (121 pollen mix, 36 other (mite/alternaria)]. A total number of 33.008 injections were administered. 840 adverse reactions (262 (31.1%) at up-dosing phase, 578 (68.8%) at maintenance phase) in 195 (56.7%) patients were observed. Among the adverse reactions, 632 (75.2%) were local, 160 (19%) large local, and 48 (5.7%) (39 at maintenance, 9 at up-dosing) (in 31 patients) were systemic (28 Grade 1, 12 Grade 2, 8 Grade 3). Adrenalin was administered to 8 patients with Grade 3 systemic reaction (8/33008
Increasing long-term safety of seasonal grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy: the ECRIT study.; OBJECTIVE: The usual build-up phase of days or weeks in allergen-specific immunotherapy entails inconveniences for individuals with symptoms only during the pollen season. Additionally, affected individuals often appear for treatment shortly before the expected start of the season without enough time for titration. This double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluated the safety of ultra-rush grass pollen immunotherapy with sublingual drops (Staloral) R in co-seasonal treatment over three consecutive seasons., METHODS: 209 patients with grass pollen allergic rhinitis received ultra-rush titration (30, 90, 150 and 300 index of reactivity (IR)) of a five grass pollen mixture or placebo every 20 min at the start of the season, followed by 300 IR daily or placebo until the end of the respective season for three consecutive years. Adverse events were documented., RESULTS: Mean treatment duration varied between seasons (81.8 - 92.7 days). No systemic or anaphylactic reactions were reported and no unexpected adverse events were observed. Adverse events included application site irritation, oedema, abdominal pain and diarrhoea. Fourteen patients discontinued treatment due to adverse events (placebo: four (6%) patients, verum: ten (7%) patients). Adverse events decreased in frequency over each consecutive year of treatment., CONCLUSION: Seasonal sublingual immunotherapy with ultra-rush titration is well tolerated even when administered as co-seasonal treatment. It may be a valuable option for patients who present late.
Systemic and large local reactions during subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy in children.; BACKGROUND: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is the allergen-specific curative treatment of allergic rhinitis. Adverse effects, most of which are local, can be observed during the immunotherapy. These adverse effects have been reported more frequently during the pollen season. The purpose of this study was to estimate the rate of local, large local, and systemic reactions during the treatment, to determine the relationship between adverse reactions and the season in which these reactions occur, as well as the risk factors for adverse reactions during the grass pollen-specific SCIT treatment in children., METHODS: We retrospectively collected and analyzed the data of 261 children who administered grass pollen SCIT between 2008 and 2018., RESULTS: A total of 261 children (177, 67.8% male), who received grass pollen SCIT, with a mean (+/-SD) age of 12.0 +/- 3.0 years at the initiation of SCIT were enrolled to the study. The number of the patients who experienced local and large local reactions was 109 and 30, respectively. In addition, the number of the patients with systemic reactions was 35. After the 12 284 injections, local reactions occurred in 357 (2.9%), and this was followed by systemic reaction as 55 (0.4%) and large local reactions as 40 (0.3%). Frequency of local (P < .001) and systemic reactions (P = .003) was higher during grass pollen season than out of the grass pollen season. In multivariate analysis, initiation of SCIT during the grass pollen season [OR:7.351, 95%CI:1.532-35.279, P = .013] and experiencing local reactions [OR:4.214, 95%CI:2.159-8.224, P < .001] were independent predictors for the development of large local and systemic reactions., CONCLUSION: SCIT, in which only mild-to-moderate systemic reactions occurred, is safe for the treatment of allergic rhinitis in children. Our study revealed that previous local reactions and initiation of immunotherapy during the grass pollen season were the predictors for large local and systemic reactions during SCIT in children. Copyright © 2020 EAACI and John Wiley and Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley and Sons Ltd.
Pollinex Quattro: an innovative four injections immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis.; The prevalence of seasonal allergic rhinitis in the western world is high and increasing. Besides considerably affecting physical and psychosocial aspects of patients' lives, allergic rhinitis is often associated with allergic asthma and may aggravate this condition over time. Specific immunotherapy is currently the only approved therapy that can modify the underlying disease process and induce long-term tolerance to allergens. Pollinex Quattro is a subcutaneous four injections immunotherapy consisting of tyrosine-absorbed specific allergoids and enhanced with the adjuvant monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL( R)). MPL( R) induces a significant Th 1-type immune response, characterized by an increase of allergen-specific IgG antibody levels and dampening of the IgE response during allergen exposure. Due to this dual action of stimulating the immune system, Pollinex Quattro is clinically effective after only four injections given pre-seasonally. A large clinical program has demonstrated efficacy and tolerability of Pollinex Quattro in children, adolescents and adults with grass and tree pollen allergy. A health economics study concluded that an immunotherapy with only 4 injections might be more cost-beneficial than other application forms of immunotherapy.
Allergen specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: The incidence of asthma and allergic rhinitis (AR) is significantly increased, especially in younger children. Current treatment for children with asthma and allergic rhinitis include allergen avoidance, standard pharmacotherapy, and immunotherapy. Since standard pharmacotherapy is prescribed for symptoms, immunotherapy at present plays an important role in the treatment of allergic diseases. This article presents insights into the up-to-date understanding of immunotherapy in the treatment of children with allergic rhinitis and asthma., DATA SOURCES: PubMed articles published from 1990 to 2014 were reviewed using the MeSH terms "asthma", "allergic rhinitis", "children", and "immune therapy". Additional articles were identified by hand searching of the references in the initial search., RESULTS: Numerous studies have shown that sublingual application of allergen specific immunotherapy (SLIT) is an adequate, safe and efficient substitution to subcutaneous route of allergens administration (SCIT) in the treatment of IgE-mediated respiratory tract allergies in children. According to the literature, better clinical efficacy is connected with the duration of treatment and mono sensitized patients., CONCLUSIONS: At least 3 years of treatment and stable asthma before the immunotherapy are positive predictors of good clinical efficacy and tolerability of SLIT. SLIT reduces the symptoms of allergic diseases and the use of medicaments, and improves the quality of life of children with the diseases.
Sublingual immunotherapy vs placebo in the management of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common inflammatory condition of the nasal mucosa affecting approximately 20% of the population worldwide. Current therapies include intranasal antihistamines, corticosteroids, subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). This review and meta-analysis assess the efficacy of SLIT in the management of grass pollen-induced AR in adults., METHODS: Ovid EMBASE, Ovid EBM Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Ovid MedLine and PubMed were searched using the following terms: 'sublingual immunotherapy', 'SLIT', 'rhinitis', 'allergic rhinitis', 'rhinosinusitis' and 'rhino-conjunctivitis'. All included studies were double-blind, placebo-controlled and randomised trials. Primary outcome was symptom score and secondary outcome included quality of life and safety profile. Meta-analysis of symptom improvement was carried out., RESULTS: Six studies were identified with 979 subjects randomly allocated to SLIT and 992 to a placebo control. All studies reported an improvement in symptoms with SLIT, with five reaching statistical significance (P < .05). Four studies reported statistically significant improvement in quality of life (P < .05). Oral pruritus was the most common adverse event reported. The overall risk of bias was high in 50% of the studies., CONCLUSIONS: Sublingual immunotherapy was a safe and effective treatment for grass pollen-induced AR in adults, and therefore, consideration should be given to its use for moderate-to-severe disease in the UK-wide population. Copyright © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
A double-blind placebo-controlled trial of polymerized whole grass administered in an accelerated dosage schedule for immunotherapy of grass pollinosis.; Forty-four patients were entered into a study of the efficacy and safety of individually polymerized grass (IPG) immunotherapy with an accelerated dosage schedule. Patients were paired on the basis of cutaneous end point titrations to timothy, orchard, and Bermuda grass-pollen extracts. In a double-blind manner, one patient in each pair was treated in nine weekly visits with 13 injections that totaled 24,000 PNU of each grass to which the patient had cutaneous reactivity. The other patient in each pair received caramelized glucose histamine placebo. Symptom and medication score sheets were completed by 33 patients each day of the grass season. Blocking antibody rose significantly in the IPG-treated group but was unchanged in the placebo-treated group. By Wilcoxon paired signed-rank test, the symptom medication scores in the IPG-treated group were significantly lower than those in the placebo-treated group. There were no systemic reactions and no clinically significant changes in routine laboratory tests in either group. In summation, this study demonstrates the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of IPG therapy in an accelerated dosage schedule for treatment of grass pollinosis.
Immunologic effects and tolerability profile of in-season initiation of a standardized-quality grass allergy immunotherapy tablet: a phase III, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in adults with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis.; BACKGROUND: The summary of product characteristics of the grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) (Phleum pratense grass pollen allergen extract) states that clinical effect may be observed in the first pollen season of treatment, if treatment is initiated >=2 months (8 weeks) before the start of the grass pollen season. However, because patients with grass allergy may first present to physicians during the season, immediate treatment initiation (ie, in-season initiation) may increase treatment compliance and reduce the risk for disease progression compared with asking patients to return before the next pollen season to initiate treatment. This "in-season approach" may offer more patients the potentially beneficial treatment option of specific immunotherapy. However, to date, the immunomodulatory effects and tolerability of in-season treatment initiation is unknown., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the immunologic effects and tolerability of in-season initiation of treatment with the grass AIT., METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was carried out in Germany and Austria. Adults with grass pollen allergy (positive skin-prick test and specific grass-pollen immunoglobulin [Ig] E) and grass pollen-induced moderate to severe persistent rhinoconjunctivitis were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned to receive once-daily grass AIT or placebo, starting during the 2008 grass pollen season and continuing for 8 to 10 weeks. The primary end point was change from baseline in IgE-blocking factor (serum components competing with IgE for allergen binding). Secondary end points included changes from baseline in specific IgE and IgG(4) and measures of tolerability (assessed mainly by adverse events [AEs]). Blood samples for immunologic assessment were obtained by the investigators at baseline and after treatment. All AEs observed by the investigator and/or reported by the patient were recorded throughout the trial and follow-up., RESULTS: A total of 276 patients were enrolled and formed the full analysis set (mean age, 35 years
Carbamylated monomeric allergoids as a therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of dust mite- and grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic review of published trials with a meta-analysis of treatment using Lais R tablets.; Lais R allergoid tablets contain allergens that are modified by carbamylation. Due to their modified chemical structure, they are suitable for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) (13, 16, 17, 24). Based on their small molecule size of 12 to 40 kDa, they can be easily absorbed via the oral mucosa (1). In this review, we studied the efficacy of SLIT with carbamylated monomeric allergoid tablets in the treatment of grass pollen- and dust mite-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis on the basis of symptom and medication score improvements. Following a selective internet and databank search, six trials-some placebo-controlled-regarding the treatment of grass pollen- (n = 266) and dust mite-induced (n = 241) allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were used to draw conclusions regarding the clinical efficacy of allergoid tablets. The primary endpoints in these trials were decreases in the need for allergy medications and/or reductions in the occurrence of rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms. Data was recorded from patient diaries regarding their symptoms and medications used and conclusions were then drawn about the effectiveness and tolerabieity of Lais R tablets. The average improvement in symptom score in three trials of grass pollen allergy treatment was 34% in comparison to the placebo group. The treatment of dust mite-induced rhinoconjunctivitis produced an average symptom score improvement of 22% compared to the placebo or control groups. The intake of symptomatic rescue medication during allergoid tablet therapy declined. Treatment of grass pollen allergies and dust mite-induced rhinoconjunctivitis showed an average medication score improvement of 49% and 24%, respectively. Few side effects were documented in the trials and predominantly local effects were observed. Severe systemic side effects did not occur. On the basis of the trial results summarized in this review, we suggest that SLIT using Lais R sublingual tablets is an effective and well-tolerated form of treatment.
Sustained effect of SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis has increased significantly over the past decades with grass pollen being a common trigger. The impact of allergy on patient's quality of life is substantial., AIM: To investigate the sustained effect on quality of life during the grass pollen season 1 year after 3 years of treatment with the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Graza (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2800 BAU
Lack of detectable alterations in immune responses during sublingual immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen.; BACKGROUND: Recent work indicates that subcutaneous specific immunotherapy induces specific T-cell anergy, a shift in the TH1/TH2 ratio, and antibody production in favor of IgG4. There are few data on sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), especially in children., METHODS: We assessed the proliferation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells ((3)H-thymidine incorporation) and secretion of interleukin (IL)-4, interferon (IFN)gamma and IL-5 (ELISA) after in vitro stimulation with allergen or phytohemagglutinin (PHA) in 29 children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis receiving SLIT with grass pollen before, and after 1 and 2 years of treatment in a multicenter placebo-controlled study on the efficacy of the treatment. Further, non-specific intracellular production of IL-4, IL-13, IFNgamma, IL-2, IL-10 and IL-5 (FACS) and serum total and specific IgE and IgG4 (ELISA) were analyzed., RESULTS: Proliferation and IL-4 and IL-5 secretion after stimulation with allergen or PHA did not differ between the groups. In addition, we observed no effect of SLIT on intracellular cytokine production. IFNgamma secretion after allergen coculture was comparable between the groups. Following PHA stimulation, IFNgamma secretion was significantly higher in the SLIT group after 1 year, and a trend was observable already before and after 2 years of treatment, probably due to the inhomogeneity in the groups despite randomization (for age and asthma). No significant changes were observed for sIgE/sIgG4 ratios over time either in or between the groups., CONCLUSION: During 2 years of SLIT in children with a positive effect on rescue medication use, we observed no significant effects on in vitro T-cell immune responses or immunoglobulins. So far, pediatric studies demonstrating stable effects of SLIT on such reactions are missing, probably due to limited effects of SLIT on systemic immunologic reactions. Copyright (c) 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
An extract of Timothy-grass pollen used as sublingual immunotherapy for summer hay fever.; Grazax is a lyophilisate of an extract of Timothy-grass pollen (Phleum pratense) administered by the sublingual route to induce desensitization (or hyposensitization) to grass pollen in subjects with hay fever. Since allergen avoidance measures are limited in hay fever sufferers, present treatment, at least in the United Kingdom, is almost always by symptomatic medication. The effectiveness of symptomatic treatment in hay fever is variable and depends on patient compliance and the judicious prescribing of antihistamines and anti-inflammatory preparations either alone or in combination. Desensitization (hyposensitization or specific immunotherapy) by subcutaneous injection has been shown to be very efficacious and is used for patients who do not adequately respond to drug treatment. A rare side effect of desensitizing injections is anaphylaxis, and so use is limited to specialized centers. For these reasons there has been considerable interest in specific immunotherapy by the sublingual route. Grazax has recently been approved in the United Kingdom. It is commenced at least four months prior to the expected start of the grass pollen season and in line with injection immunotherapy treatment will be recommended for a period of three years with annual reviews to assess patient outcomes. Grazax grass allergen tablets are well tolerated in patients with grass pollen allergy with most adverse events being mild local reactions. There have been no instances of anaphylaxis. In randomized double-blind placebo controlled trials Grazax reduces symptoms and medication scores in adults with hay fever. The long-term effects of Grazax are currently being investigated.
[Efficacy and safety of cluster immunotherapy for 154 patients with allergic rhinitis].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of cluster immunotherapy with Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus for allergic rhinitis., METHODS: One hundred and fifty-four patients with allergic rhinitis to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus were allocated to receive specific immunotherapy in a 6-week cluster schedule during the incremental-dose phase. Thereafter, these patients received maintenance-dose injection at 6-week intervals until the end of 1 year of treatment. Symptom scores and medication scores were used to evaluate the clinical efficacy and adverse reactions were recorded. A rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) was completed in the baseline and after one year treatment., RESULTS: Cluster immunotherapy significantly reduced the symptom scores and total medication score of patients enrolled (P < 0.01). The immunotherapy group also had a significant improvement in the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire. During the one-year of treatment, there were 26 systemic adverse reactions (0.75% of all injection) in 9 patients (5.9%) and no fatal systemic reactions occurred., CONCLUSIONS: The cluster immunotherapy is efficacious and safe to treat allergic rhinitis.
Allergen-specific low-dose immunotherapy in perennial allergic rhinitis: a double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study.; In a double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study, 36 adults with perennial allergic rhinitis were treated with daily subcutaneous injections of inhalant allergens, the doses of which had been predetermined by intradermal testing. The dose chosen for each allergen was the maximum intradermally tolerated dose (MITD) of that allergen, defined as 0.05 ml of the strongest concentration in a 1:5 dilution series which did not produce a positive wheal. Of the 27 who expressed a preference, 21 (78%) preferred the active preparation and six (22%) the placebo (p = 0.006). Significant symptom relief was apparent on an analysis of total rhinitis symptom scores (p = 0.006), nasal blockage (p = 0.02), nasal discharge (p = 0.006), postnasal drip (p = 0.02) and anosmia (p = 0.02). These results support the validity of allergen-specific low-dose immunotherapy using the MITD.
Identification of key genes and the pathophysiology associated with allergen-specific immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is a causative treatment in allergic rhinitis (AR), comprising long-term allergen administration and over three years of treatment. This study is carried out for revealing the mechanisms and key genes of AIT in AR., METHODS: The present study utilized online Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) microarray expression profiling dataset GSE37157 and GSE29521 to analyze the hub genes changes related to AIT in AR. Based on limma package, differential expression analysis for the two groups (samples of allergic patients prior to AIT and samples of allergic patients undergoing AIT) was performed to obtain differentially expressed genes (DEGs). Gene Ontology (GO) analysis and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway analysis of DEGs were conducted using DAVID database. A Protein-Protein Interaction network (PPI) was built and a significant network module was acquired by using Cytoscape software (Cytoscape, 3.7.2). Utilizing the miRWalk database, we identified potential gene biomarkers, constructed interaction networks of target genes and microRNAs (miRNAs) using Cytoscape software, and explore the cell type-specific expression patterns of these genes in peripheral blood using publicly available single-cell RNA sequencing data (GSE200107). Finally, we are using PCR to detect changes in the hub genes that are screened using the above method in peripheral blood before and after AIT treatment., RESULTS: GSE37157 and GSE29521 included 28 and 13 samples, respectively. A total of 119 significantly co-upregulated DEGs and 33 co-downregulated DEGs were obtained from two datasets. The GO and KEGG analyses demonstrated that protein transport, positive regulation of apoptotic process, Natural killer cell mediated cytotoxicity, T cell receptor signaling pathway, TNF signaling pathway, B cell receptor signaling pathway and Apoptosis may be potential candidate therapeutic targets for AIT of AR. From the PPI network, 20 hub genes were obtained. Among them, the PPI sub-networks of CASP3, FOXO3, PIK3R1, PIK3R3, ATF4, and POLD3 screened out from our study have been identified as reliable predictors of AIT in AR, especially the PIK3R1., CONCLUSION: Our analysis has identified novel gene signatures, thereby contributing to a more comprehensive understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying AIT in the treatment of AR. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Allergen specific immunotherapy in nasobronchial allergy.; BACKGROUND: More than one antigen has been used for immunotherapy of allergic disorders. So far less than five antigens have been employed with variable results., AIM: To evaluate effect of multiple antigens up to six in the immunotherapy of nasobronchial allergy., SETTING AND DESIGN: Based on clinical history, symptoms present for at least 3 years with set criteria of immunomodulation for asthma and rhinitis: documented IgE mediated asthma and rhinitis, failure in allergen avoidance and moderate to severe clinical manifestations., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Five hundred cases of various allergic disorders attending allergy clinic of Bombay hospital were screened. Allergen specific immunotherapy was initiated in 131 subjects (56 -rhinitis and 75 asthma) with prior consent. Patients suffering from allergic disorders secondary to diseases or drug therapy were excluded. Multiple allergen immunotherapy was given at specific intervals up to a period of one year. Allergen extracts were prepared as per standard technique. For statistical analysis "students't test" was used., RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Significant improvement in PEFR, reduction in skin sensitivity to allergens used in immunotherapy formulation and symptomatic relief without any untoward reaction show that multiple allergen immunotherapy is as effective as monoallergen immunotherapy in nasobronchial allergy.
Clinical efficacy and immunological mechanisms of sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy in asthmatic/rhinitis children sensitized to house dust mite: an open randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: In children, the clinical efficacy and immunological mechanisms of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) compared with subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is still to be elucidated., OBJECTIVES: To compare SLIT, SCIT and pharmacotherapy in relation to clinical efficacy and immunological mechanisms that govern its effect in asthmatic/rhinitis children who were sensitized to house dust mite (HDM)., METHODS: In this single centre, prospective, randomized, controlled, open labelled, three parallel group trial, 48 patients mono-sensitized to HDM were randomized to receive either SLIT (n=16), SCIT (n=16) or pharmacotherapy alone (n=16). Symptom, medication and visual analogue score (VAS) were collected and bronchial-nasal hyper-reactivity, skin prick tests, total-specific IgE were performed at baseline and 12 months after treatment. In addition, peripheral blood mononuclear cells were cultured with recombinant Der p 1 and Bet v 1 extracts and allergen-specific IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, IFN-gamma, IL-10, and TGF-beta secretions were measured., RESULTS: SLIT and SCIT demonstrated a significant reduction of total rhinitis and asthma symptom score, total medication score, VAS and skin reactivity to HDM (P<0.05) when compared with pharmacotherapy. A significant reduction of serum-specific HDM-IgE in SCIT and SLIT were observed. Moreover, titrated nasal provocative dose significantly increased in both immunotherapy groups when compared with the pharmacotherapy group. No adverse effects were reported in SLIT, while two patients demonstrated serious adverse events in SCIT. After 1 year of treatment, Der p 1-driven IL-10 significantly increased in SLIT compared with pharmacotherapy, whereas Bet v 1-driven TGF-beta (negative control) increased significantly in SLIT only. No changes were observed for Th1-Th2 cytokines., CONCLUSION: Both SLIT and SCIT demonstrated clinical improvement compared with pharmacotherapy in asthma/rhinitis children sensitized to HDM.
Effect of Postoperative Specific Immunotherapy Combined with Nasal Irrigation on Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Allergic Rhinitis.; Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) and allergic rhinitis (AR) (CRSwAR) have a more severe condition with a higher rate of recurrence after endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS). This study aimed to explore the effect of specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and nasal irrigation on CRSwAR after ESS. Sixty-four patients who were diagnosed as CRSwAR and received ESS were enrolled and divided into groups A, B, and C to receive different postoperative treatment strategies (conventional medication, medication with nasal irrigation, and medication with nasal irrigation and SCIT), and their prognosis was evaluated by scoring, electron microscopy, and inflammatory factors. One year after ESS, the recurrence rate of group C was significantly reduced
Impact of allergic rhinitis on quality of life in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the impact of allergic rhinitis (AR) on the quality of life (QoL) in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS)., METHODS: Retrospective cross-sectional study of adult patients with CRS presenting to our clinic between August 2020 and February 2023 was performed. AR was diagnosed based on a positive skin or blood allergy test. Patients' characteristics, AR status, comorbidities, endoscopy scores, and SNOT-22 scores were collected., RESULTS: A total of 514 CRS patients were included, with 265 (51.6 %) patients with AR. CRS patients with AR were younger (p = 0.004), more likely to be female (p < 0.001), and more likely to have asthma (p < 0.001). Polyp status and endoscopy scores did not differ between patients with and without AR. Baseline SNOT-22 scores were slightly worse in the AR cohort (43.6 vs 38.7, p = 0.007), which was mainly secondary to rhinologic (p = 0.002), extrarhinologic (p = 0.007), and ear/facial (p = 0.007) subdomains. Worse rhinologic and extrarhinologic scores were associated with the presence of AR after adjusting for confounding variables (Coef = 1.55, p = 0.011
Adverse Events During Immunotherapy Against Grass Pollen-Induced Allergic Rhinitis - Differences Between Subcutaneous and Sublingual Treatment.; Allergic rhinitis (AR) triggered by grass pollen is a common disease, affecting millions of people worldwide. Treatment consists of symptom-alleviating drugs, such as topical corticosteroids or antihistamines. Another option is potentially curative immunotherapy, currently available as sublingual and subcutaneous treatment. We investigated the potential differences in the prevalence and severity of adverse events related to subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) against grass pollen-induced AR. A thorough literature search was performed with PubMed and EMBASE. The findings were compared with the available summaries of product characteristics (SPC) and with commercial pharmacology databases (Micromedex). The majority of available safety data originate from registered products of standardized allergens. A surprisingly large percentage of drugs, especially those used in the United States, have no systematically collected safety data. No sufficiently powered randomized trials comparing sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) were available, but general safety assessments indicate that sublingual tablet treatment is safer than subcutaneous treatment. Not all commonly used immunotherapy drugs are officially registered, and not all have systematically collected safety data. This is especially true for older drugs used in the United States. In contrast, newer drugs that have undergone extensive clinical testing have better documentation, but unified collection of safety data is still lacking. Considering the evidence available, most drugs elicit similar side effects from the same organ systems, and symptoms from the sublingual drug classes are probably less severe. However, a head-to-head comparison of safety and efficacy is lacking. Copyright © 2015 Nordic Association for the Publication of BCPT (former Nordic Pharmacological Society).
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The benefit of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis has been extensively studied, but data on efficacy are still equivocal., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effectiveness of SLIT with grass allergens in the reduction of symptoms and medication in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen., METHODS: Computerized bibliographic searches of MEDLINE (1995-2010) were supplemented by hand searches of reference lists. Studies were included if they were double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing SLIT to placebo and if they included patients with history of allergy to grass pollen treated with natural grass pollen extracts. Nineteen RCTs with 2971 patients were analyzed. The outcomes assessed were symptom and medication scores., RESULTS: Using a random-effects model, SLIT with grass allergens significantly reduces both symptoms (standardized mean difference, -0.32
Clinical efficacy and tolerability of a steady dosage schedule of local nasal immunotherapy. Results of preseasonal treatment in grass pollen rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Local nasal immunotherapy (LNIT) is an effective and safe alternative to conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy. A specific nasal provocation test (SNPT) could be used to indicate the optimal subclinical dose to carry out LNIT., OBJECTIVE: We hypothesize that LNIT could be carried out with only one predefined dose for all patients, so we have evaluated the efficacy and the tolerability of LNIT administered at steady dosages in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis., METHODS: Twenty grass pollen-sensitized patients suffering from seasonal allergic rhinitis were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The treatment was carried out according to a schedule based on the administration of a steady subclinical dosage of the allergenic extract, selected on the basis of the sensitivity threshold of the SNPT. The patients were divided into two groups of 10 people each, which were treated either with grass pollen extract in a hydroglyceric solution or with placebo., RESULTS: During the peak pollen period, with regard to the placebo (P) group, in the grass treated (GT) group a significant decrease of both nasal symptoms (P = .021) and consumption of antihistamines (P = 0.047) was found. Furthermore, only in the GT group was the provocative dose assessed by the SNPT significantly lower (P = .049) at the end of the treatment. In this group of patients an inverse correlation between such provocative dose and the nasal symptom score reported during the peak pollen period was also evidenced (r = 0.708
Clinical efficacy of sublingual-swallow immunotherapy: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a standardized five-grass-pollen extract in rhinitis.; Sublingual-swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) using high doses of standardized allergen extracts has been found to be effective in reducing allergic symptoms and medication needs. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was carried out in a large number of patients to determine whether medication needs can be reduced by SLIT. Some 136 patients with grass-pollen rhinitis with or without mild asthma were studied. Patients received either placebo or SLIT with a standardized grass-pollen extract administered daily with increasing doses up to 300 IR (index of reactivity) from January to the end of July 1994. During the grass-pollen season, patients were instructed to use medications as required and to visit their doctors in case of asthma. Symptom-medications scores were assessed during the pollen season, and serum-specific IgG4 was measured before and at the end of SLIT. In the SLIT group, drug consumption dropped significantly throughout the pollen season (P < 0.02). Moreover, at the peak of the pollen season, betamethasone consumption was significantly reduced in the SLIT group (P < 0.02). Only one patient in the SLIT group had an asthma attack compared to eight patients in the placebo group (P < 0.02). IgG4 levels increased significantly in the SLIT group (P < 0.001) but without correlation with symptoms. Side-effects were comparable in both groups. This study indicates that SLIT in grass-pollen rhinitis is well tolerated, improves overall clinical symptoms, and reduces drug consumption and the need for oral corticosteroids.
Safety of Grass Pollen Sublingual Immunotherapy for Allergic Rhinitis in Concomitant Asthma.; Seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) occurs predominantly as a result of grass pollen allergy. Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been proven effective in treating AR1. SLIT is currently licensed for use in AR with concomitant stable mild asthma. There is evidence that SLIT improves asthma control when primarily used to treat AR2. The aim was to assess the safety of SLIT in patients with severe seasonal allergic rhinitis who have co-existing stable mild asthma. The secondary aim was to determine whether asthma control improved post SLIT. There was no deterioration in asthma control after 6-36 months of SLIT. 27/30 (90%) patients' asthma control remained stable or indeed improved (p < 0.021). Of this 15 (50%) patients' asthma improved. There was no statistically significant change in their asthma pharmacotherapy after SLIT (p = 0.059). In conclusion, grass pollen SLIT is safe and can potentially treat dual allergic rhinitis- mild asthmatic patients.

There are 4 Target Papers Found during the search in PubMed!
They are:
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.

In the end, 4 Target Papers were left after filtering!
They are:
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.

The number of target article missing is: 0
False Positive Rate: 0.7835820895522388
False Negative Rate: 0.0
