Total number of articles searched: 561
Include criteria: [(['Patients diagnosed with coronary artery disease'],), (['Investigating the association between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes'],), (['No specific control group mentioned'],), (['Assessment of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death'],), ['Meta-analysis or systematic review design']]
Exclude criteria: [['Population: The study population includes individuals without coronary artery disease'], ['Intervention: The study does not evaluate the atherogenic index of plasma'], ['Control: The study does not have a control group for comparison'], ['Outcomes: The study outcomes do not relate to cardiovascular outcomes'], ['Study design: The study is a case report or case series']]
Prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention; Background The association of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), an emerging lipid index that can predict the risk for cardiovascular disease, with adverse outcomes in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has not been determined. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate whether the AIP could independently predict adverse cardiovascular events in T2DM patients with ACS undergoing PCI. Methods This study was a retrospective analysis of a single-centre prospective registry involving 826 consecutive T2DM patients who underwent primary or elective PCI for ACS from June 2016 to November 2017. This study ultimately included 798 patients (age, 61 +/- 10 years
Effect of Body Mass Index on the Prognostic Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; (1) Background: The aim of this study was to investigate whether the prognostic value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for adverse cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) varied across different BMI groups. (2) Methods: This study was a retrospective analysis of a prospective registry involving 1725 ACS patients undergoing PCI. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, non-fatal ischemic stroke, non-fatal spontaneous myocardial infarction (MI), and unplanned repeat revascularization. (3) Results: The study population finally consisted of 526 patients with BMI < 24 kg/m(2) (age 62 +/- 10 years
The predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with LDL-C below 1.8mmol/L; Background The potential predictive significance of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), with low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) below 1.8mmol/L, has not been well explored.Methods The retrospective cohort analysis included 1,133 patients with ACS and LDL-C levels below 1.8mmol/L who underwent PCI. AIP is calculated as log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). Patients were divided into two groups according to the median value of AIP. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs), a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke or unplanned repeat revascularization. The association between AIP and the prevalence of MACCE was evaluated using multivariable Cox proportional hazard models.Results Over a median follow-up of 26 months, the incidence of MACCE was higher in the high AIP group compared to the low AIP group (9.6% vs. 6.0%, P log-rank = 0.020), and the difference was mainly derived from an increased risk of unplanned repeat revascularization (7.6% vs. 4.6%, P log-rank = 0.028). After adjusting for multiple variables, elevated AIP was independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE, regardless of whether AIP was considered a nominal or continuous variable (hazard ratio [HR] 1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04-2.53 or HR 2.01, 95% CI 1.09-3.73).Conclusions The present study demonstrates that AIP is a significant predictor of adverse outcomes in ACS patients undergoing PCI with LDL-C < 1.8mmol/L. These results suggest that AIP may offer supplementary prognostic information for ACS patients with optimally managed LDL-C levels.
The Association Between Atherogenic Index of Plasma and No-Reflow Phenomenon in Acute Coronary Syndrome; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a biomarker of plasma atherogenicity. Elevated AIP is linked with adverse cardiac events. We sought to examine the association of admission AIP and no-reflow phenomenon (NRP) in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patient population treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).Methods: Eight hundred eight-four ACS patients were included to statistical tests retrospectively and classified according to the occurrence of NRP: NRP (-) (n = 662) and NRP (+) (n = 186). AIP levels were calculated through the formula log10 (trig lycer ide-t o-hig h-den sity lipoprotein cholesterol ratio).Results: AIP levels were higher in NRP (+) patients compared to NRP (-) group patients. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis for AIP to predict NRP yielded an area under the ROC curve value 0.643 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.596-0.690, P < .001]. AIP was associated with NRP in univariate logistic regression analysis [Odds Ratio (OR): 2.46
Comparison of atherogenic index and lipid profiles in candidates for coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus normal people; Information on incidence and risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is rare in the Middle East. This study aims to compare Iranian candidates for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery and healthy controls in terms of lipid profile, atherogenic index of plasma (ATP), and atherosclerosis index (ASTI). The individuals recruited in this study were 135 CVD patients before CABG surgery and 135 healthy subjects matching in age with the cases. Lipid profiles of the two groups were analyzed with a commercial kit. The ALP and ASTI indexes were calculated with related formula. The TC, TG, LDL-C and HDL-c parameters were dramatically changed (p<0.01) between study groups. AIP and ASTI indexes were significantly higher in patients than in healthy people (p=0.001). In individuals with CVD, it is suggested to measure these indexes in order for effective diagnosis before CABG surgery.
Evaluation of the Atherogenic Index of Plasma to Predict All-Cause Mortality in Elderly With Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Long-Term Follow-Up; The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) and acute coronary syndrome (ACS), but the relationship between AIP and ACS in elderly patients remains unclear. We investigated the prognostic capability of AIP for in-hospital and long-term mortality in elderly patients with ACS undergoing coronary angiography (CA). We analyzed 627 patients with ACS over 75 years of age who were admitted to our clinic between April 2015 and December 2022 and underwent CA. The primary clinical endpoints were in-hospital, 30-day, 1-year, and long-term mortality. The median follow-up time was 27 months. AIP was defined as log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). In-hospital mortality rates for patients with AIP <=.1 and AIP >.1 were 4.7% and 17.6% (P < .001), 30-day mortality rates were 8.7% and 32.2% (P = .01), 1-year mortality rates were 12.1% and 45.1% (P < .001), and long-term mortality rates were 47.3% and 67.5% (P < .001), respectively. Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed AIP, age, left ventricle ejection fraction (LVEF), admission creatinine, and Killip >= 2 as independent predictors for long-term mortality. AIP can predict in-hospital and long-time all-cause mortality in elderly patients with ACS undergoing CA. Age, LVEF, admission creatinine, and Killip >= 2 are additional factors that predict long-term all-cause mortality.
Relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome; Objective: Stent thrombosis (ST) is an uncommon but serious complication in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). This study aimed to investigate the effect of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) on ST. Methods: Among the 10,258 patients who underwent coronary angiography between January 2018 and December 2020, 239 patients who underwent PCI with the diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) due to ST were included as the study group (ST group) and 459 patients who underwent percutaneous intervention for ACS and did not have any in-stent lesion as the control group (non-ST group). ST classification was done according to the Academic Research Consortium definition. Results: The mean age of the patients was 63.3 +/- 10.6 years (483 male, 69.2%). The groups were similar in terms of characteristic properties, comorbidities, and the drugs being used (p>0.05 for all). Drug eluting stents were used in 86.5% of the patients. In the ST group, the median time from stent implantation to thrombosis was 285 days. Mean AIP and the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) were statistically significantly higher in the ST group than in the controls (p<0.001 and p=0.018, respectively), and a positive correlation was observed between time from stent implantation to thrombosis and AIP and TG/HDL-C (rS=0.229, p=0.010 and r(S)=0.222, p=0.010, respectively). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that stent length, prior ST elevation myocardial infarction, TG/HDL-C, and AIP were independent predictors of ST. Conclusion: AIP is an easy calculable biomarker, and the performance of AIP to predict ST is better than TG/HDL-C.
Two parameters reflect lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome: atherogenic index of plasma, neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio; Background: Atherosclerosis is a systemic, lipid-driven immune-inflammatory disease. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed institutional electronic medical records to seek chest pain patients who were suspicious of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) between January 2011 and December 2013. All the patients were identified by undergoing coronary angiography. On admission white blood cell and its subtypes were measured as part of the automated complete blood count and fasting venous blood samples were obtained and analyzed for lipids profiles used automated analysis. Results: A total of 376 consecutive patients with ACS were investigated. In the same period, 378 patients admitted with chest pain suspicious of ACS were also included in this study for control. Blood glucose, serum creatinine, white blood cell, neutrophil and monocyte were insignificantly higher in the ACS group. ACS group had higher total cholesterol and lower high density lipid-cholesterol. However, triglyceride and low density lipid-cholesterol were similar between ACS and control groups. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was significantly higher in ACS group compared to control group (p = 0.029). Similarly, ACS group had higher neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) than those in control group. In the subgroups, the NLR were significantly higher in the STEMI group (p < 0.001). However, AIP were similar between the three subgroups (p = 0.748). Conclusions: Our data firstly investigated the lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome through two easily feasible parameters. There suggest that there are higher AIP and NLR in the ACS patients. Moreover, ACS subgroups are all lipid-driven states, but inflammation levels are different in the entity ACS subgroups.
Gender-specific associations between atherogenic index of plasma and the presence and severity of acute coronary syndrome in very young adults: a hospital-based observational study; Objective: The value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) as a predictive biomarker for coronary artery disease (CAD) remains controversial. In addition, whether AIP is associated with the risk of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in very young adults has not been well established. Methods: We consecutively collected very young adults (<= 35 years of age) undergoing coronary angiography (CAG) at Anzhen Hospital, between January 2008 and December 2017. Total of 1, 478 very young participants, including 1, 059 ACS patients and 419 non-CAD subjects, were enrolled in the present study. Results: Very young patients with ACS had higher AIP level compared with non-CAD participants (0.35 +/- 0.30 vs 0.21 +/- 0.33, P < 0.001). According to Gensini Score (GS) and number of lesion vessel, patients were divided into four groups, respectively. With the elevated GS score and number of lesion vessels, the AIP level increased gradually (P-for (trend) all < 0.05). Multivariate logistic regression analyses suggested that AIP remained to be independently associated with the presence of ACS and was superior to traditional lipid profiles (for AIP, OR = 2.930, 95% CI = 1.855-4.627, P < 0.001
Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP): a novel predictive indicator for the coronary artery disease in postmenopausal women; Background: Dyslipidemia is one of the most important factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel indicator involved in dyslipidemia. However, the relation between AIP and CAD in postmenopausal women remains unclear. We hypotheses that AIP is a strong predictive indicator of CAD in postmenopausal women. Methods: A propensity score matching case-control study including 348 postmenopausal CAD cases and 348 controls was conducted in the present study. Results: Compared with controls, CAD patients had higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (APOB), but lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein A-1 (APOA-1). The values of nontraditional lipid profiles, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index, Al), TC(*)TG(*)LDL/HDL-C (lipoprotein combine index, LCI), log(TG/HDL-C) (atherogenic index of plasma, AIP) and APOB/APOA-1 were all significantly higher in the CAD patients. The results of Pearson correlation analyses showed AIP was positively and significantly correlated with TC (r = 0.092, P < 0.001), TG (r = 0.775, P= 0.015), APOB (r = 0.140, P < 0.001), non-HDL-C (r = 0.295, P < 0.001), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.626, P < 0.001), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.469, P < 0.001), Al (r = 0.626, P < 0.001), LCI (r = 0.665, P < 0.001), APOB/APOA-1 (r = 0.290, P < 0.001) and was negatively correlated with APOA-1 (r = -0.278, P < 0.001) and HDL-C (r= -0.665, P < 0.001). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent predictor of CAD. After adjusting for the traditional clinical prognostic factors including diabetes and hypertension, we found AIP could be an independent risk factor for CAD (odds ratio [OR], 3.290
Predictive Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma for Stent Restenosis After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for stent restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). STUDY DESIGN: A total of 512 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) undergoing emergency PCI in our hospital from January 2015 to December 2019, and those patients underwent coronary angiography (CAG) as a follow-up re-examination within 1 year after the PCI. Based on their coronary angiographic results, the participants were divided into 2 groups: restenosis group (n = 252 cases) and control group (without restenosis) (n = 260 cases). The differences of AIP and blood lipid levels between the 2 groups were compared. RESULTS: The value of AIP in the restenosis group was higher than that in the non-restenosis group (p < 0.05)
Atherogenic Index of Plasma Predicts Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease in Patients with Stable Angina Pectoris; Aims: Chronic coronary syndrome is associated with several risk factors, such as dyslipidemia and hypertension. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been demonstrated to be a biochemical risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to determine whether the AIP is an effective parameter for estimating obstructive CAD. Methods and Results: A total of 345 patients (with a mean age of 62.2 +/- 10.3
The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a predictor for the severity of coronary artery disease; ObjectiveDyslipidemia is a key risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to investigate the correlation between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and the severity of CAD. Methods2,491 patients were enrolled in this study and analyzed retrospectively, including 665 non-CAD patients as the control group and 1,826 CAD patients. The CAD patients were classified into three subgroups according to tertiles of SYNTAX score (SS). Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C) was defined as serum total cholesterol (TC) minus serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), atherogenic index (AI) was defined as the ratio of non-HDL-C to HDL-C
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and the Risk of In-Stent Restenosis in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome beyond the Traditional Risk Factors; Aim: Recently, the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been proposed as a novel, reliable plasma atherogenicity marker. This study aimed to investigate the association of AIP with the risk of in-stent restenosis (ISR) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Methods: This study retrospectively enrolled patients with ACS followed by angiography within 6 to 18 months after successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with a drug-eluting stent (DES). And the participants were divided into ISR or non-ISR groups based on the angiographic follow-up results. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of serum triglyceride (mmol/L) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mmol/L). Results: This study recruited 1319 patients with ACS, 199 of which had ISR. Compared with the non-ISR group, patients in the ISR group had higher level of AIP (0.199 +/- 0.290 vs 0.131 +/- 0.282, p=0.002). In the multiple logistic regression analysis, AIP was an independent risk factor for DES-ISR (OR=2.100, 95% CI 1.134 to 3.891, p=0.018). When we modulated AIP as a categorical variable, the risk of DES-ISR increased in quartile 4 compared to quartile 1 (OR=1.713, 95% CI 1.040 to 2.822, p=0.034). Furthermore, this association remains stable in various subgroups. Unexpectedly, the subgroup analysis suggested AIP and DES-ISR had a stronger positive association in individuals with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) <1.8 mmol/L. Conclusions: AIP and the risk of DES-ISR were positively and independently correlated in patients with ACS, especially in those with an LDL-C <1.8 mmol/L.
Atherogenic index of plasma and triglyceride- glucose index to predict more advanced coronary artery diseases in patients with the first diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome; OBJECTIVE: Coronary heart dis-ease (CHD) is the most common cause of mor-tality and morbidity. Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is the most advanced form of the CHD spectrum. The triglyceride-glucose index (TGI) and atherogenic plasma index (AIP) are asso-ciated with future cardiovascular events. This study investigated the association of these pa-rameters with the severity of CAD and prognosis in the first-diagnosed ACS patients.PATIENTS AND METHODS: Our study was designed retrospectively, including 558 patients. Patients were divided into four subgroups: high and low TGI and high and low AIP. SYNTAX scores, in-hospital mortality, major adverse car-diac events (MACE), and survival were com-pared at 12-month follow-up.RESULTS: More three-vessel disease and high-er SYNTAX scores have been detected in the high AIP and TGI groups. More MACEs have been ob-served in high AIP and TGI groups than low groups. AIP and TGI were found to be independent predic-tors for SYNTAX = 23. While AIP has been found to be an independent risk factor for MACE, TGI has not been detected as an independent risk factor. In addition to AIP, age, three-vessel disease, and low-er EF were the independent risk factors for MACE. Survival was lower in high TGP and AIP groups.CONCLUSIONS: AIP and TGI are costless bedside parameters that can be easily calculat-ed. These parameters can predict the severity of CAD in first-diagnosed ACS patients. Besides, AIP is an independent risk factor for MACE. AIP and TGI parameters can guide our treatment in this patient population.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma Is an Independent Risk Factor for Coronary Artery Disease and a Higher SYNTAX Score; We aimed to identify the best diagnostic cutoff value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for coronary artery disease (CAD) and its correlation with the SYNTAX score (SS). From January 2016 to December 2019, 2253 patients with CAD and 1347 non-CAD patients with complete data were included in the study. Coronary angiography was performed using the Judkins technique, and the SS was calculated using network software. There were differences in age, body mass index, total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and AIP between groups (allP< .01). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD and a high SS (SS >= 23) with adjusted odds ratios of 2.248 (95% CI: 1.666-3.032,P< .01) and 1.623 (95% CI: 1.118-2.358,P< .01) per standard deviation increase. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the best diagnostic cutoff value of AIP for the prediction of CAD and SS >= 23 was 2.035 and 2.23, the specificity was 61.8% and 65.7%, the sensitivity was 76.4% and 54.9%, the Youden index was 0.382 and 0.206, and the area under the curve was 0.733 (95% CI: 0.717-0.750,P< .01) and 0.653 (95% CI: 0.630-0.676,P< .01). Atherogenic index of plasma, as a biomarker, may assist in the prevention of CAD in the Chinese population.
The sensibility of the new blood lipid indicator--atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in menopausal women with coronary artery disease; Background Dyslipidemia is a key driver of coronary artery disease (CAD) development. This study aimed to determine whether the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a novel comprehensive lipid index, is an independent and reliable predictor of CAD risk in postmenopausal women. Methods A cohort of consecutive 4644 postmenopausal women (aged 50 or above) undergoing coronary angiography (CAG) in Anzhen Hospital (Beijing, China) from January-December 2014 was included in the analysis. Of them, 3039 women were CAD patients, and 1605 were non-CAD subjects. Results Relative to control subjects, TG levels in CAD patients were higher and HDL-C levels were lower. In CAD patients, non-traditional lipid profile values (TC/HDL-C, AI, and AIP) were significantly elevated relative to controls. AIP was positively correlated with TC (r = 0.157), TG (r = 0.835), LDL-C (r = 0.058), non-HDL-C (r = 0.337), TC/HDL-C (r = 0.683), LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.437), LCI (r = 0.662), and AI (r = 0.684), and negatively correlated with HDL-C (r = - 0.682) (all P < 0.001), but was independent of age (r = - 0.022
Atherogenic index of plasma as a predictor of coronary artery disease: a cohort study in south of Iran; Background Coronary artery disease (CAD) is an atherosclerotic disease of an inflammatory nature. Previous studies examining the relationship between triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol have highlighted the importance of plasma atherogenic index (AIP) as an important predictor of coronary heart disease. However, due to the lack of adequate information on this topic, this study aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and coronary heart disease risk. Results This study included 2,226 women and 1,690 men aged 35-70 years who participated in the Bandar Kong Cohort study and met the eligibility criteria. The data was collected using a checklist and questionnaires, which were designed by experienced individuals. After participants completed a registration form and gave informed consent, face-to-face interviews were conducted by trained experts. The validity and reliability of the questionnaire had been verified by the national cohort team prior to its use. The Ethics Committee of Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences (IR.HUMS.REC.1400.171) approved the study. Data from the initial cohort survey using SPSS software version 25, were analyzed to include several factors, including age, sex, smoking status, body mass index (BMI), physical activity level, socioeconomic status, AIP, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. The prevalence of coronary heart disease was found to be 7.5% higher in people with a BMI of 25 or higher. Also, Individuals with low physical activity had a higher prevalence. Individuals with CAD had significantly higher mean values for the AIP, age, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure (0.46, 57.50, 128.43, and 81.10, respectively) compared to those without CAD. Furthermore, patients with CAD had lower years of education (2649.45 and 3.59) than individuals without CAD (P < 0.05). Importantly, our findings showed that AIP increased the odds ratio of coronary heart disease by 1.86 as an independent risk factor. Conclusions Based on our investigation, the AIP is a valuable and independent predictive risk factor for coronary artery disease. This index can be utilized effectively due to its accessibility and affordability, making it a promising tool for risk assessment in clinical settings.
Correlation between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in males of different ages: a retrospective study; Background Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) as a newly discovered blood lipid parameter was shown to be strongly correlated with coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the blood lipid levels changed with age, so we speculated that the correlation between AIP and CAD was also affected by age. Methods A retrospective study was performed on male patients with confirmed or suspected CAD who underwent coronary angiography (CAG) from July 2017 to March 2021. Patients were divided into younger, middle early, middle late, and elderly groups. Patients in each age group were further divided into the non-coronary artery disease (n-CAD) and CAD subgroups according to the CAG diagnostic results. The relationship between blood lipid parameters and CAD was assessed in each age group. Results Age-dependent changes of blood lipid levels were mainly found in CAD patients but not in n-CAD patients. With increased age, the levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and AIP were gradually decreased, whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was increased in CAD patients. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in middle early (OR 2.601
Association of Atherogenic Index of Plasma With Angiographic Progression in Patients With Suspected Coronary Artery Disease; The present study aimed to explore the correlation of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with angiographic progression of coronary artery disease (CAD). AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. The extent of coronary lesion was assessed by the Gensini Score (GS) system and angiographic progression was defined as the GS rate of change per year >1 point. A total of 896 patients with suspected CAD who underwent coronary computed tomography angiography twice at intervals of >6 months were included. Baseline AIP was positively correlated with remnant cholesterol (r = .644, P < .001). When patients were assigned into four groups according to baseline AIP quartiles, the incidence of CAD progression significantly increased across the quartiles of AIP (Q1 [lowest]: 23.7 vs Q2: 29.9 vs Q3: 33.9 vs Q4 [highest]: 34.8%
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Coronary Artery Disease in the Adult Population: A Meta-Analysis; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which is the logarithm of the ratio between the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) concentrations in molar units, is correlated with the burden of atherosclerosis. This study aimed to evaluate the association between the AIP and coronary artery disease (CAD) in the adult population by performing a meta-analysis.Methods: Observational studies relevant for this meta-analysis were identified by searching the PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases. Only studies using multivariate analysis were considered. A random-effects model, which incorporates potential intra-study heterogeneity, was applied to combine the results.Results: Ten observational studies were included. In studies with the AIP analyzed as a continuous variable, a higher AIP was associated with a higher odds of CAD (adjusted risk ratio [RR] per 1-standard deviation [SD] increment of AIP: 2.10, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.51-2.93, P < 0.001, I-2 = 90%). Further analysis of studies with the AIP analyzed as a categorical variable showed a higher odds of CAD (adjusted RR: 2.35, 95% CI: 1.88-2.93, P < 0.001, I-2 = 37%) in the participants with the highest versus the lowest AIP value. Subgroup analyses demonstrated consistent results in asymptomatic and symptomatic populations as well as in male and female participants (all between-group P values > 0.05).Discussion: Current evidence, mostly from cross-sectional studies, suggests that a higher AIP value may be independently associated with CAD in the adult population.
The atherogenic index of plasma is a strong and independent predictor for coronary artery disease in the Chinese Han population; Dyslipidemia is one of the most important factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a new comprehensive lipid index, might be a strong marker for predicting the risk of CAD. A hospital-based case-control study including 2936 CAD patients and 2451 controls was conducted in a Chinese population. Traditional lipid parameters were detected, and nontraditional lipid comprehensive indexes were calculated. Compared with controls, CAD patients had higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). By contrast, the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was lower in CAD patients. The values of nontraditional lipid profiles, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index, AI), TC* TG* LDL/HDL-C (lipoprotein combine index, LCI), and lg (TG/HDL-C) (AIP), were all significantly higher in the cases than in the controls. The results of Pearson correlation analyses indicated that AIP was positively and significantly correlated with TC (r= 0.125, P<. 001), TG (r=0.810, P<. 001), LDL-C (r= 0.035, P<. 001), non-HDL-C (r= 0.322, P<. 001), TC/HDL-C (r=0.669, P<. 001), LDL-C/HDL-C (r= 0.447, P<. 001), AI (r= 0.669, P<. 001), and LCI (r= 0.688, P<. 001) and was negatively correlated with age (r= 0.122, P<. 001) and HDL-C (r= 0.632, P<. 001). In the univariate logistic regression analysis, AIP was the lipid parameter that was most strongly associated with CAD, with an unadjusted odds ratio of 1.782 (95% confidence interval: 1.490-2.131, P<. 001), for an increase of 1-SD. Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD. AIP might be a strong and independent predictor for CAD in the Chinese Han population.
The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention; Because the phenomenon of no reflow has a poor prognosis in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been shown to be a strong predictor of coronary heart disease, we aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and no-reflow in patients with acute STEMI who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). A total of 763 consecutive STEMI patients (648 men
The association of atherogenic index of plasma with cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) represents a novel marker in the current era of cardiovascular diseases. In this meta-analysis, we aimed to evaluate the association of AIP with cardiovascular prognosis in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched from inception through 2024. The primary outcome was major cardiovascular events (MACE). The secondary outcomes included all-causes death, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, revascularization, and no-reflow phenomenon. AIP was determined by taking the logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). The data analysis was represented using the risk ratio (RR) along with a 95% confidence interval (CI). Results Sixteen studies with a total number of 20,833 patients met the eligible criteria. The pooled-analysis showed a significant increased risk of MACE in the highest AIP group compared with the lowest AIP group (RR = 1.63
The Atherogenic Index of Plasma: A Powerful and Reliable Predictor for Coronary Artery Disease in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes; We evaluated the predictive power of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) for coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A total of 3278 patients who underwent coronary angiography were consecutively enrolled, including 2052 patients with CAD and 1226 patients with T2DM but without CAD. Patients in the CAD group had higher levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, AIP and a lower level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). In correlation analyses, AIP correlated positively with body mass index, log (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), TG, remnant lipoprotein cholesterol, non-HDL-C, but negatively with age and HDL-C. Multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated that AIP was an independent risk factor for CAD in diabetic patients and was validated by multiple models. Furthermore, the ORs for CAD risk were raised with increasing AIP quartiles
Is the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) a Cardiovascular Disease Marker?; Numerous indicators have been used to diagnose and prognosticate cardiovascular disease (CVD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a logarithmic conversion of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) molar concentrations. The close association between AIP and the size of lipoprotein particles may account for its excellent predictive value. AIP may be computed simply using a typical lipid profile. It is a better predictor of lipoprotein particle size than that of individual lipids or the ratio of TG to HDL.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Monocyte-to-Lymphocyte Ratio for Predicting Subclinical Coronary Artery Disease; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, and monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR) are strongly associated with atherogenesis of the coronary artery. This study aimed to investigate the association of the AIP, TyG index, and MLR with subclinical coronary artery disease (CAD) and evaluate their ability to predict subclinical CAD. Methods: A total of 697 asymptomatic patients were enrolled in this study and assigned to the subclinical CAD group (n=332) and control group (n=365). The clinical data, coronary artery calcification score, and calculated AIP, TyG index, and MLR were collected by graduate students in the cardiology division. Multivariate logistic regression models were set up to assess the risk factors for subclinical CAD. Results: The AIP, TyG index and MLR values were higher in the subclinical CAD group than in the control group (all P<0.05). In addition to the classic independent clinical risk factors, increased AIP, TyG index and MLR values were all independent risk factors for subclinical CAD (all P<0.05). The AUCs were higher after combining clinical risk factors than the AIP, TyG index, or MLR alone (all P<0.05). Conclusions: The AIP, TyG index and MLR are independent risk factors for subclinical CAD, which can be useful for improving the diagnosis and prevention of CAD.
Atherogenic index of plasma: A valuable novel index to distinguish patients with unstable atherogenic plaques; Background: Plaque instability is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients. Numerous efforts have been made to figure out and manage unstable plaques prior to major cardiovascular events incidence. The current study aims to assess the values of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) to detect unstable plaques. Materials and Methods: The current case-control study was conducted on 435 patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention due to chronic stable angina (stable plaques, n = 145) or acute coronary syndrome (unstable plaques, n = 290). The demographic, comorbidities, chronic medications, biochemical and hematological characteristics of the patients were entered into the study checklist. The baseline AIP was measured according to the formula of triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein logarithm. Binary logistic regression was applied to investigate the standalone association of AIP with plaque instability. Receiver operating curve (ROC) was depicted to determine a cut-off, specificity, and sensitivity of AIP in unstable plaques diagnosis. Results: AIP was an independent predictor for atherogenic plaque unstability in both crude (odds ratio [OR]: 3.677, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.521-8.890
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Its Association with Risk Factors of Coronary Artery Disease and Nutrient Intake in Korean Adult Men: The 2013-2014 KNHANES; Coronary artery disease (CAD) has been linked to one of the highest death rates globally. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) may be an important predictor of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, superior to the standard atherosclerotic lipid profile. This study investigated the relationship between AIP and obesity indices, blood glucose, lipid profile, and nutrient intake status in Korean adult men. The study included 1292 males aged >= 19 years old who participated in the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2013-2014. Participants were divided into four groups according to AIP quartiles, calculated as log (triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C)). Body mass index, waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, total cholesterol, TG, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased as AIP levels increased, whereas HDL-C level declined. As the level of AIP increased, intake of saturated fatty acid, calcium, phosphorus, riboflavin, milk, and dairy product decreased significantly, and the contribution rate of milk and dairy products to fat intake decreased. AIP was linked to obesity indices, blood glucose, and blood lipid profile in Korean men, suggesting that it could predict CAD.
Atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in China; Background Non-diabetic coronary artery disease (CAD) patients are thought to encounter metabolic dysfunction and while these changes may be imperceptible to the patient they probably influence outcomes. At present, there is no system to support patients sensing these subtle changes, nor is there an established model for prognoses. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) index has already proven useful for atherosclerosis although further research is needed, especially for those without hyperglycemia. Methods This is a prospective study of 5538 non-diabetic CAD patients who had received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Participants were assigned to one of three groups according to their AIP index. High AIP index cases were then compared to low index patients according to major adverse cardiac events (MACE). Restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis was also conducted to investigate interrelations between AIP index levels and hazard ratios (HR) for MACEs. Results Patients with a high AIP index encountered metabolic dysfunction compared to those with a low AIP index i.e., higher Body Mass Index (BMI), Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), and uric acid as well as lower HDL-C. Each of the aforementioned interrelations were significant with p values of less than 0.001. There was also a significant increase in the number of MACEs in the high AIP index group compared to the low AIP index group (HR: 1.37, 95% CI 1.04-1.81
The Triglyceride-Glucose Index Might Be a Better Indicator for Predicting Poor Cardiovascular Outcomes in Chronic Coronary Syndrome; This study aimed to explore the potential association between the triglyceride-glucose index (TyG) and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP)-both considered surrogate markers for atherosclerosis-and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome (CCS). We conducted a retrospective analysis, encompassing 715 consecutive patients with intermediate CCS risk, who presented at the outpatient clinic between June 2020 and August 2022. MACEs included non-fatal myocardial infarction, hospitalization for heart failure, cerebrovascular events, non-cardiac mortality, and cardiac mortality. The primary outcome was the composite occurrence of MACEs during the follow-up period. For time-to-event analysis of the primary outcome, we employed Kaplan-Meier plots and Cox proportional hazard models. The median age of the overall study population was 55 years, with a median follow-up duration of 17 months. Multivariate Cox regression analysis identified age, hypertension, Coronary Artery Disease-Reporting and Data System score, and TyG index as independent predictors of the primary outcome. Notably, individuals with high TyG levels exhibited a significantly higher primary outcome rate compared to those with low TyG levels (18.7% vs. 3.8%, p < 0.001). Similarly, patients with elevated TyG values demonstrated statistically higher rates of cerebrovascular events, hospitalizations for heart failure, non-fatal myocardial infarctions, non-cardiac mortality, and cardiac mortality. These findings suggest that TyG may serve as a predictive marker for adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients with CCS.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome; Background The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a newly identified biomarker associated with lipid metabolism, demonstrating significant prognostic capabilities in individuals diagnosed with cardiovascular disease. However, its impact within the context of chronic coronary syndromes (CCS) remains unexplored. Thus, the present investigation sought to examine the potential association between AIP levels and long-term clinical outcomes in patients diagnosed with CCS. Methods A total of 404 patients diagnosed with CCS and who underwent coronary angiography were included in this study. The AIP index was calculated as log (triglycerides / high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). The patients were categorized into four groups based on their AIP values: Q1 (< -0.064), Q2 (-0.064 to 0.130), Q3 (0.130 to 0.328), and Q4 (> 0.328). The occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) was monitored during the follow-up period for all patients. Cox regression analysis and Kaplan-Meier curve analysis were employed to examine the relationship between AIP and MACE. Furthermore, ROC analysis was utilized to determine the optimal cut-off value of AIP for predicting clinical MACE. Results During the median 35 months of follow-up, a total of 88 patients experienced MACE. Notably, the group of patients with higher AIP values (Q4 group) exhibited a significantly higher incidence of MACE compared to those with lower AIP values (Q1, Q2, and Q3 groups) (31.7% vs. 16.8%, 15.7%, and 23.0% respectively
Is Lipid Tetrad Index a Promising Atherogenic Index in Acute Coronary Syndrome?; Introduction: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is expected to be the most important cause of death in India by 2020. Increased concentration of atherogenic lipoprotein plays an important role in the development of atherosclerosis leading to premature myocardial infarction. Etiology of CHD is multifactorial
Time-varying effect of postoperative cholesterol profile on long-term outcomes of isolated coronary artery bypass graft surgery; Background Controlling cholesterol levels is one of the primary goals of preventing atherosclerotic plaque progression in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. This study aimed to investigate the impact of serum cholesterol profile at multiple time points following isolated CABG surgery on long-term patient outcomes.Method This retrospective cohort study was conducted on the admission and follow-up data of isolated CABG patients from the Tehran Heart Center registry between 2009 and 2016. The association of low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and their ratio as an atherogenic index with major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) and all-cause mortality were evaluated using time-varying survival analysis methods.Result A total of 18657 patients were included in this analysis. After adjusting for known confounding factors, no significant difference in all-cause mortality and MACCE was observed at different LDL levels. The incidence of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in patients with LDL > 100 mg/dl and LDL < 50 mg/dl was significantly higher than in the control group (P-value = 0.004 and 0.04, respectively). The incidence of cerebrovascular accidents (CVA) at LDL > 100 mg/dl was also significantly higher compared to the control group (P -value = 0.033). Lower HDL levels were significantly associated with a higher MACCE (P -value < 0.001), all-cause mortality (P -value < 0.001), ACS (P -value = 0.00), and CVA (P -value = 0.014). The atherogenic index was also directly related to MACCE and all its components (all P-values < 0.001).Conclusion LDL/HDL ratio is suggested as a better marker for secondary prevention goals compared to LDL alone in patients undergoing CABG surgery.
Reply to the letter to the editor: [Comment on "The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention]; We have read with a great pleasure the letter of Dr. Cure et al. to the editor about our recent study which showed an association between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and no-reflow in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Dr Cure raises concerns about the miscalculation of AIP value that suggested choosing 'mmol/l' in equation instead of 'mg/dl'. As the AIP is the logarithmic transformation of triglyceride/high density lipoprotein
Predictive Value of Resting Fractional Flow Reserve and Atherogenic Index of Plasma for Evaluation of Physiologically Significant Coronary Artery Lesions; This study aimed to assess the relationship between the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and resting distal-to-aortic pressure ratio (Pd/Pa) in patients with intermediate coronary artery stenosis. This retrospective study included 802 chronic coronary syndrome patients with intermediate coronary artery stenosis who underwent fractional flow reserve (FFR) measurement. The resting Pd/Pa showed a significant negative correlation with AIP (rho= -.205, p < .001). When final FFR was divided into three tertiles (<= 80, 81-89, >= 90), resting Pd/Pa was significantly lower, and AIP was markedly higher in the lower final FFR tertiles (both AIP and resting Pd/Pa differed significantly across the all three tertiles, p < .001). Furthermore, functionally significant stenosis independent predictors in multivariate analyses were AIP and resting Pd/Pa (p = .010 and p < .001, respectively). We observed for the first time an increase in AIP levels in the presence of functionally significant stenoses that may help better planning and identification of those patients with the functionally substantial atherosclerotic burden.
A Cross-sectional Study of Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Angiographic Profile by Gensini Score in patients of Acute Coronary Syndrome; Introduction: Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death worldwide. India has the highest burden of Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS). Atherogenesis is a multifactorial process, abnormalities in lipoprotein metabolism especially elevated Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol ( LDLc) remains one of most attributing key factor. Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), can be calculated easily from the formula AIP=Log 10 Triglyceride (TG)/High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDLc). The AIP is inversely proportional to the diameter of LDLc particles, which indirectly reflects Small Dense LDLc levels. AIP has been proposed as a marker for Cardiovascular (CV) risk. Aim: The study aimed to assess the correlation between AIP and the Angiographic Profile by Gensini Score (GS) in ACS patients and also to evaluate the relationship between AIP and in-hospital mortality of ACS patients. Materials and Methods: This study was a hospital based cross-sectional study. This study was done from November 2019 to October 2020 in the Department of Cardiology, Sriram Chandra Bhanja Medical College, Cuttack. A total of 240 patients of ACS were included in the study. AIP was calculated from the lipid profile of all the ACS patients. Coronary Angiography was done in all of these patients. Correlation of the AIP was done with the severity of CAD according to Gensini scoring system. Chi-square test was used to compare continuous variables p<0.05 was considered significant. Spearman's rho correlation was also used to compare AIP with GS. Statistical analysis was performed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences, (SPSS) 26 (IBM). Results: Majority of the cases were males 194 (80.8%) and females were 46 (19.2%). The Spearmans rho coefficient between AIP and GS was 0.663. It was statistically significant (p<0.001). AIP had positive correlation (value) with severity of CAD by GS. In-hospital mortality was 5%. It was more in high risk AIP group with a p-value of 0.006 which was statistically significant. Conclusion: AIP shows positive correlation with the severity of CAD in terms of GS. High AIP is also associated with increased in-hospital mortality. AIP can be used in the treatment of ACS patients and is a suitable alternative to various costly biomarkers of CAD. Therefore, AIP can be advocated for routine measurement in clinical practice.
Associations of the triglyceride-glucose index and atherogenic index of plasma with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease in different glucose metabolic states; Background The triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index is considered a dependable biomarker for gauging insulin resistance. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) represents a marker reflecting atherosclerosis. However, there is currently no study specifically exploring the associations of these two biomarkers with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease (CAD) under different glucose metabolic states. Therefore, this study aims to evaluate the correlations of these two biomarkers with CAD severity in patients newly diagnosed with CAD under various glucose metabolism conditions. Method Totally 570 subjects first administered coronary angiography were enrolled, including 431 first diagnosed CAD patients and 139 non-CAD patients. CAD severity was gauged by the quantity of narrowed arteries (single-vessel and multi-vessel CAD). According to WHO diabetes guidelines, glucose metabolic states were divided into normal glucose regulation (NGR), pre-diabetes mellitus (Pre-DM), and diabetes mellitus (DM). The relationships of the TyG index and AIP with CAD severity were validated by logistic regression analysis, including adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk elements and medical treatments. Their predictive efficacy for CAD was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Result The TyG index and AIP were independently correlated with CAD in accordance with logistic regression analysis (both P < 0.05). Regardless of the glucose metabolic states, there was no statistical correlation between the TyG index and CAD severity. However, AIP in NGR patients was significantly related to CAD severity (P < 0.05). The areas under the curve of the TyG index and AIP for predicting CAD were 0.682 and 0.642 (both P < 0.001), respectively, and their optimal cut-off values were 3.210 (Youden index: 0.305) and 0.095 (Youden index:0.246), respectively. Conclusion The TyG index and AIP have significant associations with CAD. The TyG index had no association with CAD severity, regardless of glucose metabolic states. AIP exhibited a discernible link with CAD severity in NGR patients, but not in the pre-DM or DM populations. The TyG index and AIP have similar predictive values for new-onset CAD.
Atherogenic index of plasma is an independent predictor of mitral annular calcification; Background In the latest reports, atherogenic indices have been related to acute coronary syndromes, stable coronary artery disease, heart failure and future cardiac events. Conventional atherosclerosis risk factors have been associated with mitral annular calcification (MAC), but data on the relationship between atherogenic indices and MAC are lacking. We aimed to investigate a possible relationship between MAC and atherogenic indices. Methods In total 741 patients (n = 427 with MAC and n = 314 without MAC) who were examined in our cardiology clinic from February 2016 to October 2021 were recruited in the study. Mitral annular calcification was diagnosed by transthoracic 2-dimensional echocardiography. The atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli risk index 1 (CRI-1), Castelli risk index 2 (CRI-2) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated by utilizing standard lipid test values. Results There was no statistically significant difference in sex, age, diabetes and hypertension status between the patient and the control groups. Serum triglyceride level, AIP, Hs-CRP, smoking and BMI were independently significantly associated with MAC in multiple regression analysis (p < 0.001). Conclusion Higher AIP was related to the existence of MAC and also predict the presence of MAC independently. Studies evaluating the modification of these indices are needed.
Gender specific effect of <i>CETP</i> rs708272 polymorphism on lipid and atherogenic index of plasma levels but not on the risk of coronary artery disease A case-control study; Numerous studies have shown a relationship between cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) polymorphism in the synthesis of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and the coronary artery disease (CAD) susceptibility, but the results have remained inconsistent. In addition, there was no study exploring the relationship between CETP polymorphisms and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) levels. We conducted a case-control study to evaluate the relationship between CETP rs708272 polymorphism and CAD risk and lipid levels in Chinese Han population. 556 CAD patients and 414 controls undergoing coronary angiography were consecutively enrolled in the hospital-based study. Polymerase chain reaction-ligase detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method was used to detect the different genotypes at rs708272. No significant association between CETP rs708272 polymorphism and CAD risk was observed in different genetic models. In the whole population, participants with TT genotype had higher HDL-C levels (1.17 +/- 0.31mmol/L vs 1.09 +/- 0.29 mmol/L, P=.001) and lower AIP levels (0.08 +/- 0.35 vs 0.16 +/- 0.31, P=.004) compared to those with CC genotype, after adjusting for age, gender, smoking, essential hypertension (EH), and DM. The T allele carriers had higher HDL-C levels than the T allele non-carriers (1.13 +/- 0.29mmol/L vs 1.09 +/- 0.29mmol/L, P=.023). Furthermore, subgroup analyses based on gender were carried out. In males, the results showed that participants with TT genotype had significant higher HDL-C levels and lower AIP levels compared with CC genotype (P<. 05). In addition, males with CT+TT genotypes had higher HDL-C levels and lower AIP levels than those with CC genotypes (HDL-C: CT+TT 1.11 +/- 0.31vs CC 1.06 +/- 0.30mmol/L, P=.041
Atherogenic index of plasma in patients with preeclampsia and in healthy pregnant women; Background and objective: To compare the values of the atherogenic index of plasma between preeclamptic patients and healthy pregnant women. Patients and method: Seventy patients were selected. Twenty-three severe preeclamptic patients (group A), 12 mild preeclamptic patients (group B) and 35 healthy pregnant women with similar age and body mass index (group C). Blood samples for lipids and lipoproteins determination were taken and the atherogenic plasma index was calculated. Results: We did not find differences in group A and B with regard to maternal age, gestational age at the time of evaluation and body mass index compared with pregnant women in group C (P = ns). Plasma concentrations of triglycerides and low-density lipoproteins were significantly higher in patients of groups A and B compared with group C (P < .05). Normotensive patients presented higher concentrations of high-density lipoproteins than patients with severe and mild preeclampsia (P < .05). There were no differences between groups in plasma cholesterol concentrations (P = ns). Patients in groups A (1.14 +/- 0.44) and in group B (0.95 +/- 0.46) presented significantly higher values of the atherogenic index of plasma compared with pregnant women in group C (0.62 +/- 0.20
Atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease: A systematic review; Various studies suggest that the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is associated with the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) in different clinical scenarios. This review aimed to synthesize evidence of the association between AIP values and CAD. A literature search was carried out on four databases, namely, PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Ovid-Medline. A handsearch was performed on preprint repositories (MedRxiv and Research Square). The effect measurements were expressed as odds ratios (OR) with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI). For the quantitative synthesis, we employed a random-effects model. We analyzed 14 articles (with 40,902 participants) from seven different countries. The quantitative analysis revealed that an increase in one unit of AIP was associated with higher odds of developing CAD (OR 2.11
Atherogenic index of plasma as useful predictor of cardiovascular risk among postmenopausal women in Enugu, Nigeria; Background: Menopausal health in our environment has received little attention. As an independent risk factor for dyslipidaemia, the degree and pattern of derangement, though difficult to assess may adversely affect the cardiovascular health of our women. Objectives: To estimate the serum lipid profile and the atherogenic index of plasma in normal post menopausal women. Methods: This is a cross sectional study involving 80 apparently healthy women voluntarily recruited from staff of the University of Nigeria and the Teaching Hospital (UNTH) located in Enugu. They include 50 postmenopausal subjects aged between 50 and 70 years and 30 premenopausal controls aged between 25 and 49 years. Total cholesterol (TC), and the various subfractions
The Effect of Untraditional Lipid Parameters in the Development of Coronary Artery Disease: Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Atherogenic Coefficient and Lipoprotein Combined Index; Objective: In this study, we investigated the usability of atherogenic indices of patients who underwent coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) due to coronary artery disease and patients without CAD as risk factors and markers for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: The data of 150 patients who underwent CABG, and 155 patients who underwent coronary angiography and was not diagnosed with CAD were analysed retrospectively. Demographic data and plasma lipid values were collected. The relationship between these ratios and CVD was investigated via univariate logistic regression analysis performed by creating atherogenic indices. Results: The data of 125 patients who underwent CABG between May 2018 and May 2020 (90 males, 35 females
Association Between Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Atherogenic Coefficient and in-Stent Restenosis After Drug-eluting Stent Implantation for Stable Coronary Artery Disease; Introduction: Despite improvements in stent science, in-stent restenosis (ISR) remains a major problem. This study was designed to evaluate the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and atherogenic coefficient (AC) levels and their predictive values in patients who developed ISR after drug-eluting stent implantation for stable coronary artery disease. Methods: One hundred ninety-nine patients with ISR and 377 without ISR were included in the study. The biochemical and hematological parameters of the patients were measured. The AIP and AC values were calculated. Results: Patients with ISR had significantly longer stent length, lower stent diameter, lower ejection fraction, and higher SYNTAX score. They also had significantly higher levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, AIP, and AC compared to that of patients who did not develop ISR. AIP had a sensitivity of 61.3% and specificity of 72.1% for predicting ISR a cut-off value of 0.58. AC had sensitivity and specificity of 69.8% and 58.8%, respectively, for the presence of ISR a cut-off value of 3.44. LDL-C level of 111.5 mg/dL had sensitivity and specificity of 65.3% and 54% for developing ISR, respectively. Paired comparisons of area difference under the receiver operating characteristic curve showed that AIP and AC had significantly greater area compared with that of LDL-C. Stent diameter, stent length, SYNTAX score, ejection fraction, AIP, and AC were the predictors of ISR. Conclusion: AIP and AC had higher specificities compared with that of LDL-C in predicting ISR. The calculation of AIP and AC is simple and could be used easily in clinical practice.
Effect of Atherogenic Index of Plasma on Pre-Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction Flow in Patients With ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Dyslipidemia is an important risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is primarily responsible, the importance of triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) has also been recognized. The present study investigated the effect of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), in which atherogenic and protective lipoproteins were evaluated together, on the initial flow in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction. AIP was calculated as log(TG/HDL-cholesterol). Patients included in the study (n = 1535) were divided into Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow grade 0 and >0. AIP was found to be significantly different between 2 groups (.55 & PLUSMN
The atherogenic index of plasma and its impact on recanalization of chronic total occlusion; Background: The plasma-derived atherogenic index (AIP) is associated with an increasing risk for cardiovascular diseases. Whether an increased AIP may predict the complexity of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) of chronic total occlusion (CTO), according to available research, has never been investigated before. Methods: Three hundred seventeen patients were included prospectively and treated with PCI for at least one CTO between 2012 and 2017. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG) plasma levels were measured 24 h before PCI. All patients were stratified into tertiles of AIP (defined as 0.11, 0.11-0.21, > 0.21) based on their TG/HDL-C (AIP) levels. Results: Mean AIP of all patients undergoing CTO-PCI was 0.53 +/- 0.29. The majority of patients were male (82.6%), and mean age was 61 +/- 10.4 years. Increased AIP > 0.21 was associated with longer occlusion length (statistical trend p = 0.082) and stent routes (p = 0.022) and with a higher number of implanted stents (n > 4) (statistical trend p = 0.072). Success rates were similar in all AIP categories (p = 0.461). In-hospital PCI-related complications were rare and not statistically different (p = 0.852). Conclusions: This study demonstrates for the first time that an increased AIP may predict the complexity of CTO-PCI and additionally may help to improve planning and quality of CTO-PCI.
The Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Estimating Coronary Artery Calcium Scores; Objective: Coronary calcium load is a strong indicator of the presence and severity of atherosclerotic plaques in the coronary arteries. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been established for the evaluation of plasma atherogenicity and is strongly associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. Herein, we aimed to explore the compatibility of the risk groups determined by the coronary artery calcium (CAC) score and the risk groups predicted by the AIP. Materials and Methods: The records of 173 patients who underwent cardiac computed tomography for suspected coronary artery disease between January 2019 and January 2022 were analyzed. Patients were divided into five groups based on calculated CAC cut-off values that have been commonly used in the literature. Results: Regarding, calculated AIP levels, patients with severe CAC had significantly higher levels of AIP compared to other groups (p<0.001). To determine the AIP cut-off value to predict severe CAC, the receiver operating characteristic curve was drawn and the best cut-off value was determined as 0.60 by using the Youden index, (area under the curve: 0.774, 95% confidence interval: 0.685-0.863, p<0.001). Above this threshold, CAC could be detected with a sensitivity of 75.8% and a specificity of 67.1%. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that the AIP is an independent predictor of coronary calcification.
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and carotid artery plaques in patients with coronary heart disease in different glucose metabolism states: an RCSCD-TCM study in Tianjin, China; Background The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is considered a powerful biomarker of dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis (AS). However, limited evidence is available regarding the relationship between the AIP and carotid artery plaques (CAPs) in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD).Methods This retrospective study included 9281 patients with CHD who underwent carotid ultrasound. Participants were divided according to the AIP tertiles: T1, AIP < 1.02
The atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from an observational cohort study in China; Background Many studies have reported the predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in the progression of atherosclerosis and the prognosis of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, the utility of the AIP for prediction is unknown after PCI among type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods 2356 patients with T2DM who underwent PCI were enrolled and followed up for 4 years. The primary outcome was major cardiovascular and cerebrovascular adverse events (MACCEs), considered to be a combination of cardiogenic death, myocardial infarction, repeated revascularization, and stroke. Secondary endpoints included all-cause mortality, target vessel revascularization (TVR), and non-target vessel revascularization (non-TVR). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression modelling found that the AIP was correlated with prognosis and verified by multiple models. According to the optimal cut-off point of the ROC curve, the population was divided into high/low-AIP groups. A total of 821 pairs were successfully matched using propensity score matching. Then, survival analysis was performed on both groups. Results The overall incidence of MACCEs was 20.50% during a median of 47.50 months of follow-up. The multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis before matching suggested that the AIP was an independent risk factor for the prognosis of T2DM after PCI (hazard ratio [HR] 1.528, 95% CI 1.100-2.123, P = 0.011). According to the survival analysis of the matched population, the prognosis of the high AIP group was significantly worse than that of the low AIP group (HR (95% CI) 1.614 (1.303-2.001), P < 0.001), and the difference was mainly caused by repeat revascularization. The low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) level did not affect the prognosis of patients with T2DM (P = 0.169), and the effect of the AIP on prognosis was also not affected by LDL-C level (P < 0.001). Conclusions The AIP, a comprehensive index of lipid management in patients with T2DM, affects prognosis after PCI. The prognosis of diabetic patients with high levels of the AIP included more MACCEs and was not affected by LDL-C levels. It is recommended to monitor the AIP for lipid management in diabetic patients after PCI and ensure that the AIP is not higher than 0.318. Trial registration This is an observational cohort study that does not involve interventions. So we didn't register. We guarantee that the research is authentic and reliable, and hope that your journal can give us a chance.
Effect of calculated plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma on carotid artery blood flow velocities; Objectives The increase in carotid artery blood flow velocity is a measure of the severity of the carotid artery stenosis caused by atherosclerosis. Carotid artery stenosis is progressive and is of great importance due to the risk of stroke it creates. As an alternative to radiological examinations in these patients, patient follow-up can be facilitated by associating novel laboratory parameters with the severity of stenosis. In this study, we aimed to investigate the effect of the calculated plasma osmolality and atherogenic index of plasma on carotid artery blood flow velocities in patients with carotid artery stenosis. Methods A total of 161 patients diagnosed with carotid artery stenosis who admitted to our clinic between May 2018 and May 2020 were retrospectively analyzed. According to the carotid artery blood flow velocities measured with the Doppler ultrasonography, the patients were divided into two groups as "Normal flow velocity group" (n = 62) and "Increased flow velocity group" (n = 99). Results The calculated plasma osmolality, atherogenic index of plasma, and mean platelet volume were significantly associated with increased carotid artery blood flow velocity (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.006
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and coronary collateral circulation in patients with chronic total occlusion; Background The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is considered an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). The present study investigated whether AIP correlates with the formation of coronary collateral circulation (CCC) in CAD patients with chronic total occlusion (CTO). Methods This retrospective study included 1093 CAD patients with CTO confirmed by coronary angiography from January 2020 to December 2020 at Beijing Anzhen Hospital. Based on the Rentrop scoring system, the patients were divided into the good CCC group and the poor CCC group. AIP was calculated by log (triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Meanwhile, the study population was further divided into four groups according to the quartiles of AIP. Results Patients in the poor CCC group exhibited significantly higher AIP compared to those in the good CCC group (0.31 +/- 0.27 vs. 0.14 +/- 0.24, p < 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed an independent association between AIP and poor CCC, regardless of whether AIP was treated as a continuous or categorical variable (p < 0.001), after adjusting for confounding factors. Besides, this association remained consistent across most subgroups. The incorporation of AIP into the baseline model significantly enhanced the accuracy of identifying poor CCC [area under the curve (AUC): baseline model, 0.661 vs. baseline model + AIP, 0.721, p for comparison < 0.001]. Conclusions Elevated AIP is independently associated with an increased risk of poor CCC in CAD patients with CTO, and AIP may improve the ability to identify poor CCC in clinical practice.
Predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma for chronic total occlusion before coronary angiography; Background The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is calculated by logarithmic transformation of the ratio of triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations. Although previous studies have demonstrated that the AIP is associated with coronary artery disease, its association with chronic total occlusion (CTO) requires elucidation. Hypothesis We hypothesized that the AIP would have diagnostic value in cases of CTO and could be used to predict adverse events. Methods This study involved 1131 inpatients who underwent coronary angiography. Data on demographic and clinical characteristics, coronary artery stenosis rated by the Gensini score, and clinical assessment by the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events and thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) scores were collected by cardiovascular doctors. Serum AIP values were evaluated by logarithmic transformation of the ratio of TG and HDL-C concentrations. The correlations of AIP values with clinical parameters were assessed, and receiver-operating characteristic curves were constructed for CTO diagnosis. Results Overall, 1131 inpatients were assigned to the CTO (n = 398) and control (n = 733) groups. Compared with the control group, the CTO group showed a significantly higher AIP (p < .05). The AIP was positively correlated with body mass index, the TIMI score, the Gensini score, and stent length and was effective for the diagnosis and risk assessment of patients with CTO. Multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that the AIP was an independent risk factor for CTO. The findings suggest that the AIP could predict the presence of CTO and disease severity.
USEFULNESS OF LIPID RATIOS AND ATHEROGENIC INDEX OF PLASMA IN OBESE MOROCCAN WOMEN WITH OR WITHOUT METABOLIC SYNDROME; Objectives: Our study aimed to study the impact of obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS) on lipoprotein profiles and cardiovascular risk through lipid ratios and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in Moroccan women. Methods: Our study included 240 Moroccan women, aged 53.31 + 8.51 years, divided into three groups: controls (group 1, n=80), obese without MetS (group 2, n=80) and obese with MetS (group 3, n=80). Anthropometric and lipid measurements were taken and specific lipid ratios assessed, as well as Non-HDL cholesterol (Non-HDL-C) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Results: Group 2 presented similar lipoprotein profiles compared with group 1. Group 3 had higher triglyceride (TG) levels than group 1, which, in turn, increased HDL and AIP values. Dyslipidemia in group 3 was demonstrated by higher TG levels, lipid ratios and AIP and lower HDL-C levels compared with group 2. All of these abnormalities are responsible for elevations of risks of cardiovascular diseases. Closer associations were found between cardiovascular risk and lipid ratios and AIP than lipids alone. Conclusion: Our study confirms that MetS affects the serum lipoprotein profile of obese women. Lipid ratios, nonHDL-C and AIP remain useful tools for the diagnosis and prognosis of cardiovascular disease by their associations with lipid parameters and their high predictive values.
The synergistic effect of the atherogenic index of plasma and hyperuricemia on the prediction of coronary chronic total occlusion lesion: an observational cross-sectional study; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and hyperuricemia (HUA) have been shown to be closely associated with morbidity and mortality of coronary artery disease. However, studies targeting predictive value of AIP and HUA for chronic total occlusion (CTO) lesions are still lacking. Methods: In total, 5,238 patients meeting the eligibility criteria were recruited in this analysis. CTO was defined as the condition of lesions without forward blood flow and with over three months of occlusion time. AIP was calculated as log10 [triglycerides (mmol/L)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mmol/L)]. HUA was defined based on sex-specific criteria: serum uric acid 420 and 360 mu mol/L for males and females, respectively. Results: CTO lesions were presented in 907 (17.3%) patients. Compared with patients showing lower AIP levels and non-HUA, the CTO lesion risks increased by 5.225 and 2.765 times in patients with higher AIP levels and HUA. Patients with AIP >0.15 and HUA exhibited the greatest CTO incidence (odds ratio 11.491
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and prehypertension or hypertension among normoglycemia subjects in a Japan population: a cross-sectional study; ObjectiveThe atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), consisting of triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, is applied to estimate the cardiovascular disease risk. The evidence regarding the association between AIP and prehypertension or hypertension remains inconclusive. This study was conducted to investigate the association of AIP and prehypertension or hypertension in normoglycemic subjects in Japan.MethodsIn the present cross-sectional study, 15,453 normoglycemic participants aged 18 years or older in Gifu, Japan, were evaluated. The selected participants were separated into four groups in the light of AIP quartiles, ranging from the lowest quartile (Q1) to the highest quartile (Q4). And the association between AIP and prehypertension or hypertension was explored with multivariate logistic regression by gradually adjusting model.ResultsAmong the 15,453 participants, aged of 43.7 & PLUSMN
The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and epicardial adipose tissue in hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients; Introduction: Epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) is the true visceral fat depot of the heart. The relationship between coronary artery disease and EAT was shown in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients. One of the established risk factor in this population is dyslipidemia. We aimed to determine the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and EAT in ESRD patients. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study involving 76 ESRD patients receiving PD or HD for >= 6 months and 42 healthy subjects. EAT was measured by using an electrocardiogram-gated 64-multidetector computed tomography (MDCT). Atherogenic index of plasma was calculated as the logarithmically transformed ratio of the serum trigliseride to HDL-cholesterol. Results: The etiology of ESRD patients was diabetic nephropathy (n = 16), chronic glomerulonephritis (n = 10), hypertensive nephropathy (n = 23), polycystic kidney disease (n = 7), nephrolithiasis (n = 5) and unknown (n = 15). There were no differences with respect to the following variables between ESRD patients and healthy subjects: age
Atherogenic index of plasma is a novel and strong predictor associated with fatty liver: a cross-sectional study in the Chinese Han population; Background Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been reported to be an important predictor for coronary artery disease and obesity. However, few studies has yet systematically evaluated the association between AIP and Fatty Liver (FL) and its advantage in FL prediction compared with BMI, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT and AST. Methods A total of 7838 participants aged from 19 to 93 years were included in this study. Height, weight, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT and AST were measured. Difference analyses, odds ratio calculation, logistic and predictive analyses were used to evaluate the association and discrimination ability between AIP, BMI, waist, SBP, DBP, BG, ALT, AST and FL. Results Compared with non-FL, AIP in FL people showed a significant increase. Subjects in the higher quartiles of AIP had a significantly increased risk of fatty liver compared with those in the lowest quartile (P < 0.01) after adjustment of gender and age. ORs were grown faster in female and youth group. AIP contributed most in the logistic eq. (B = 2.64, P < 0.01) and showed high ability in risk prediction for FL (AUC = 0.810, P < 0.01). Conclusions AIP might be a novel and strong predictor associated with FL in Chinese Han population. Higher AIP level was positively and strongly associated with FL.
Atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis beyond traditional risk factors; Background and aims: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been suggested as a marker of plasma athe-rogenicity. This study aimed to assess the association between AIP and the rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis using serial coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). Methods: A total of 1488 adults (60.9 +/- 9.2 years, 58.9% male) who underwent serial CCTA with a median inter-scan period of 3.4 years were included. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of the concen-trations of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Rapid plaque progression (RPP) was defined as the change of percentage atheroma volume (PAV) >1.0%/year. All participants were divided into three groups based on AIP tertiles. Results: Baseline total PAV (median [interquartile range (IQR)]) (%) (group I [lowest]: 1.91 [0.00, 6.21] vs. group II: 2.82 [0.27, 8.83] vs. group III [highest]: 2.70 [0.41, 7.50]), the annual change of total PAV (median [IQR]) (%/year) (group I: 0.27 [0.00, 0.81] vs. group II: 0.37 [0.04, 1.11] vs. group III: 0.45 [0.06, 1.25]), and the incidence of RPP (group I: 19.7% vs. group II: 27.3% vs. group III: 31.4%) were significantly different among AIP tertiles (all p < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression analysis, the risk of RPP was increased in group III (odds ratio: 1.52, 95% confidence interval: 1.02-2.26
Atherogenic index of plasma predicts coronary artery disease severity and major adverse cardiac events in absence of conventional risk factors; Background Various overlapping risk factors lead to coronary artery disease (CAD). The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a marker for CAD severity and progression. However, little is known about its contribution to the residual risk of CAD observed in the absence of all typical risk factors. Methods A prospective cohort study of 366 Indian patients undergoing coronary computed tomography (CT) angiography and diagnosed with stable CAD. Diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, smoking, previous CAD, alcohol or lipid-lowering medication intake, renal, liver or thyroid dysfunction were exclusion criteria. Coronary stenosis was graded using the CAD-reporting and data system (CAD-RADS (TM)) system. Lipid profile, HbA1c, uric acid, highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and anthropometric measurements were taken. AIP, triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and total cholesterol (Tc)/HDLc ratios were calculated. Independent predictors of CAD severity and the occurrence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) during 2.57 (0.52) years of follow-up were identified using logistic regression and Cox proportional hazards regression. Results Sixty patients experienced a MACE during a cumulative 887.03 person-years. HbA1c, uric acid, hsCRP, Tc/HDLc and AIP were independent predictors of severe coronary lesions (CAD-RADS 4,5) on multivariate analysis with odds ratio 4.52 (2.37-8.61), 1.41 (1.08-1.84), 1.33 (1.09-1.62), 1.76 (1.27-2.44) and 1.29 (1.11-1.50), respectively. Only AIP and Tc/HDLc were independent predictors of MACE with hazard ratios of 1.41 (1.20-1.65) and 1.78 (1.33-2.39) besides patient age and CAD severity. Conclusion AIP is associated with both the severity of CAD and the occurrence of MACE within 3 years. It could serve as an effective marker of residual risk of CAD in patients devoid of traditional risk factors. Lipid-profile ratios, such as AIP are cost-effective and accessible parameters suitable for low and middle-income settings.
Atherogenic index of plasma predicts cerebrovascular accident occurrence in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis; Background To investigate whether atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) at diagnosis is associated with the occurrence of cerebrovascular accident (CVA) or coronary artery disease (CAD) in antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis (AAV). Methods The medical records of 167 AAV patients on initial diagnosis was reviewed, and 300 healthy controls were included. AIP was calculated using the following equation: AIP = Log (triglyceride [mg/dL] / high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [mg/dL]). AAV patients were divided into two groups according to the AIP cut-off of 0.11. The event of stroke, transient ischemic attack, and cerebral hemorrhage was recorded as CVA, and CAD events consisted of either myocardial infarction and angina pectoris. CVA- and CAD- free survival rate between those with AIP >= 0.11 and < 0.11 were compared by the Kaplan-Meier analysis, and Cox hazard analysis was conducted to identify predictors of CVA. Results The median age of AAV patients were 59.0 years, and 54 (32.3%) patients were male. One-hundred and fifteen (68.9%) patients had AIP < 0.11 and 52 (31.1%) had AIP >= 0.11. The mean Birmingham vasculitis activity score in AAV patients with AIP < 0.11 was lower than that seen in patients with AIP >= 0.11 (12.0 vs. 14.0,P = 0.041). AAV patients had a significantly higher AIP compared to controls (mean - 0.01 vs. -0.10,P < 0.001). During follow-up, the occurrence of CVA and CAD was observed in 16 (9.6%) and 14 (8.4%) patients, respectively. In Kaplan-Meier analysis, AAV patients with AIP >= 0.11 had significantly lower CVA-free survival rates than in those with AIP < 0.11 (P = 0.027), whereas there was no difference in CAD according to AIP (P = 0.390). Multivariable Cox analysis indicated that AIP >= 0.11 at diagnosis was the sole predictor of CVA (Hazard ratio 3.392, 95% confidence interval 1.076, 10.696,P = 0.037). Conclusions AIP is significantly higher in AAV patients than in healthy controls, and AIP >= 0.11 at diagnosis is a significant predictor of CVA during follow-up. Stringent surveillance should be provided in AAV patients with AIP >= 0.11 regarding the occurrence of CVA.
The evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein for the degree of coronary artery lesion in premature coronary artery disease; BackgroundPremature coronary artery disease (PCAD) is prevailing. We aimed to investigate the evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) for the occurrence and severity of coronary artery lesion in PCAD patients.MethodsPCAD (PACD group)/non-PCAD (control group) patients were enrolled. The coronary artery lesion degree was evaluated using Gensini score (GS). PCAD patients were allocated into the low/medium/high GS groups, with general clinical baseline data analyzed. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels were compared in PCAD patients with different disease degree. Correlations between plasma hs-CRP/AIP with Gensini score, independent risk factors affecting the occurrence of PCAD, and the predictive value of hs-CRP/AIP/their combination for the occurrence and degree of PCAD were evaluated by Spearman correlation analysis/Logistic multivariate regression/receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The differences in the area under the curve (AUC) were compared using MedCalc-Comparison of ROC curves.ResultsPlasma hs-CRP/AIP levels in the PCAD group were increased. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels varied significantly among PCAD patients with different disease degree. Plasma hs-CRP/AIP levels were markedly positively correlated with the Gensini score. Smoking history/homocysteine/fasting blood-glucose/hs-CRP/AIP were all independent risk factors affecting PCAD occurrence. The AUC of hs-CRP and AIP combination predicting the occurrence of PCAD was 0.950 (90.80% sensitivity/93.33% specificity). hs-CRP/AIP combination assisted in predicting the disease degree in PCAD patients.ConclusionsAIP and hs-CRP are independent risk factors for the occurrence of PCAD, and their combination has high predictive value for PCAD occurrence and disease degree, which are both positively correlated with coronary artery lesion degree.
The correlation of atherogenic index of plasma with non-obstructive CAD and unfavorable prognosis among patients diagnosed with MINOCA; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is linked to lipid metabolism and has shown considerable prognostic value in cardiovascular disorders. However, its role in myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) has not been investigated. We assessed the relationship between AIP, the severity of coronary stenosis, and prognosis in MINOCA. Methods: We included consecutive patients who were diagnosed with MINOCA. AIP was calculated using the base 10 logarithm of the ratio between the levels of TG and HDL-C. The patients were divided into four groups based on their AIP quartiles: Q1 (AIP<-0.145), Q2 (AIP >=-0.145and <= 0.049), Q3 (AIP>0.049and <= 0.253), and Q4 (AIP>0.253). All patients underwent follow-up for MACE. Results: The final analysis included 421 patients, with 188 having normal coronaries (0 stenosis) and 233 exhibiting non-obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) (<50 % stenosis). In the multivariate logistic analysis, highest AIP (Q4) group was significantly associated with increased risk of non-obstructive CAD in MINOCA (OR,1.994
Differential effect of hormone therapy and tibolone on lipids, lipoproteins, and the atherogenic index of plasma; The aim of our study was to assess the effect of various regimens and doses of hormone therapy and tibolone on the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP). A total of 519 postmenopausal women attending our menopause clinic were studied in a prospective design. Women with climacteric symptoms were randomly assigned to receive 1 of the following regimens: tibolone 2.5mg, conjugated equine estrogens 0.625mg plus medroxyprogesterone acetate 5mg (CEE/MPA), 17 beta-estradiol 2 mg plus norethisterone acetate 1 mg (E-2/NETA), or 17 beta-estradiol 1 mg plus norethisterone acetate 0.5 mg (low E-2/NETA). Serum parameters were assessed at baseline and after 6 months and included total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein A1 and apolipoprotein B. The AIP was assessed as the log (triglycerides [mmol/L]/HDL-C [mmol/L]). CEE/MPA treatment associated with lower mean LDL-C but higher mean triglyceride levels (- 15.5 mg/dL +/- 3.6, P = 0.0001
Atherogenic index of plasma and its cardiovascular risk factor correlates among patients with type 2 diabetes in Uganda; Background: Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) is a reliable predictor of coronary artery disease. There is paucity of data on AIP and its correlates among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) in Uganda. Objective: To assess the profile of AIP and its cardiovascular risk factor correlates among patients with T2D in Uganda.Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in 8 health facilities with established T2D clinics in Central-Uganda. The study enrolled 500 patients aged 40 to 79 years. Data was collected on socio-demographic characteristics, lipid profile and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). The AIP was derived using log (triglycerides/high-density cholesterol) and further categorised as low cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk if the AIP was <0.1, intermediate risk (0.1-0.24) and high risk (>= 0.24). Cardiovascular risk factors were defined according to international guidelines. Stata version 14 was used to analyse data, Pearson correlation analyses were conducted. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05.Results: There were 389(77.4%) females with a mean age of 55.07 +/- 8. 979 years. Low-risk was found in 43.6%, intermediate risk in 20.2% and high risk in 36.2% of the participants. AIP significantly correlated with waist circumference (r=0.1095, p<0.0147), waist-hip ratio (r=0.1926, p<0.001), Casteri Risk Index I (r=0.506, r=<0.001), Casteri Risk Index II (r=0.246, p<0.001) and atherogenic coefficient (r=0.186, p<0.001). Insignificant correlation was observed between AIP and fasting blood sugar (r=0.017, p=0.7042), HBA1C (r=0.0108, p=0.8099) and diabetes duration (r=0.0445, p=0.32)Conclusions: AIP is significantly elevated and correlated with cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2D. In clinical management, this may be a useful tool in risk stratifying patients with T2D.
The relation between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes in prediabetic individuals with unstable angina pectoris; Background The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a novel biomarker associated with atherosclerosis, and an important risk factor for atherosclerosis, but its relation with cardiovascular prognosis in prediabetic patients with unstable angina pectoris (UAP) is still uncertain. Methods This study included 1096 prediabetic patients with UAP who were subjected to follow-up for a maximum of 30 months, with cardiac death, refractory angina, and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) being the primary cardiovascular endpoints. Results A significantly increased AIP was observed for the group with primary cardiovascular endpoints. Kaplan-Meier curves corresponding to these endpoints revealed pronounced differences between these two AIP groups (Log-rank P < 0.001). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analyses highlighted AIP as being independent related to this primary endpoint (HR 1.308, 95% CI: 1.213-1.412, P < 0.001). AIP addition to the baseline risk model improved the prediction of the primary endpoint (AUC: baseline model, 0.622, vs. baseline model + AIP, 0.739, P < 0.001). Conclusions AIP could be used to predict cardiovascular events in prediabetic individuals with UAP.
The Atherogenic Index of Plasma Predicts Carotid in-Stent Restenosis: Development and Validation of a Nomogram; Purpose: To explore the predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma(AIP) for carotid in-stent restenosis(ISR). Methods: Patients who underwent carotid artery stenting (CAS) in hospital from January 2016 to January 2021 were retrospectively enrolled. They were randomly divided into training and validation sets. Based on the results of carotid digital subtraction angiography (DSA) during the follow-up period, the patients were divided into ISR group and non-ISR group. The differences of AIP and lipid levels between the two groups were compared. The independent risk factors of ISR and the predictive value of AIP for ISR were analyzed. A nomogram was developed based on the independent risk factors, and the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, the calibration curve and the decision curve analysis were conducted to assess the predictive ability and clinical practicability of the nomogram in both the training set and validation sets. Results: A total of 361 patients were enrolled, including 98 in the ISR group and 263 in the non-ISR group. In the training set, AIP was significantly higher in the ISR group than in the non-ISR group (P < 0.05) and was independently associated with ISR (OR= 10.912, 95% CI: 2.520-47.248). When AIP was 0.10, it had the highest predictive value for ISR, with a sensitivity of 72. 1% and a specificity of 75.0%. Additionally, hypertension, residual stenosis, symptomatic stenosis and Hcy were also independent risk factors for ISR. The nomogram showed good discrimination performance and clinical practicability in both the training set (AUC = 0.827) and the validation set (AUC = 0.880). Conclusion: AIP was an independent risk factor for ISR and was closely related to ISR. The nomogram developed by AIP and other variables had good predictive ability and clinical practicability for ISR.
Predicting coronary artery severity in patients undergoing coronary computed tomographic angiography: Insights from pan-immune inflammation value and atherogenic index of plasma; Background and aims: Coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) is pivotal in diagnosing coronary artery disease (CAD). We explored the link between CAD severity and two biomarkers, Pan-Immune Inflammation Value (PIV) and Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), in stable CAD patients. Methods and results: A retrospective observational study of 409 CCTA patients with stable angina pectoris. Logistic regression identified predictors of severe CAD, stratified by CAD-RADS score. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves evaluated predictive performance. PIV and AIP were significant predictors of severe CAD (PIV: OR 1.002, 95% CI: 1.000-1.004, p < 0.021
The Anti-Oxidative Capacity of High-Density Lipoprotein Is Reduced in Acute Coronary Syndrome But Not in Stable Coronary Artery Disease; Objectives This study examined an anti-inflammatory property of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in subjects with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and stable coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with control subjects. Background HDL has anti-inflammatory properties in vitro, but its relationship to coronary disease in humans is unclear. The high-density lipoprotein inflammatory index (HII) measures the ability of HDL to mitigate oxidation of low-density lipoprotein
Sex difference in the relationship of the Atherogenic index of plasma with coronary artery lesions in diabetes: a cross-sectional study; BackgroundCoronary artery disease (CAD) tends to progress more rapidly in the type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) population and may be associated with dyslipidemia. This study explored the relationship of the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) to coronary artery lesions in the T2DM population of different sexes.MethodsThe research included 737 individuals who underwent coronary angiography from 2018 to 2019. The included clinical data and coronary angiographic findings were analyzed in the study.ResultsAmong the included male patients, those with coronary artery disease had a higher adjusted AIP (aAIP). In correlation analysis, the Gensini score was positively and linearly correlated with the aAIP in male T2DM patients. An aAIP cutoff value of 1.17 was determined from the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of aAIP versus CAD risk in the study population. After dividing the aAIP into two groups by the cutoff value of aAIP, the group with the lower value was used as the control for logistic regression analysis. The results showed that the risk of CAD and multivessel lesions was higher when the aAIP was higher in men with T2DM, and this positive association was not affected by HbA1c, age, or the presence of glucose-lowering therapy. The ROC curve suggested that the aAIP can predict CAD risk in male T2DM patients. However, no relationship was found in the included female patients.ConclusionIn male T2DM patients, AIP may serve as a reliable marker for coronary artery lesions.
Association of metabolic syndrome with atherogenic index of plasma in an urban Chinese population: A 15-year prospective study; Background and aims: The metabolic syndrome(Mets) is a multiplex risk factor for atheroselerotie cardiovascular disease. The aims of the study were to assess the association of the Mets with atherogenic index of plasma(AIP) and other atherogenic parameters in an urban Chinese population. Methods and results: The data were collected in 1992 and then again in 2007 from the same group of 582 individuals(359 men and 223 women) without Mets in 1992. During 15 years' follow-up, AIP was the lipid parameter that was most strongly associated with Mets, with an unadjusted odds ratio of 5.66 (95% CI:1.76-18.23, P = 0.004) in the univariate logistic regression analysis. Multivariate logistic regression analyses also revealed that AIP was an independent risk factor for Mets. AIP significantly predicted Mets in men, with an unadjusted odds ratio of 30.73 (95% CI: 5.62, 168.12 P = 0.012) in a univariate model. Associations remained significant after adjustment for smoking, drinking, physical exercise and components of Mets. The incidences of Mets adjusted for age according to the quartiles of AIP showed a statistical linear trend in men(P for trend = 0.007) rather than in women(P for trend = 0.529). Conclusions: AIP might be a strong and independent predictor for Mets in an urban Chinese population. The incidence of Mets increased with AIP elevated in men while not in women. (C) 2019 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association Between the Atherogenic Index of Plasma and 90-Day Clinical Prognosis in Patients with Acute Pontine Infarction: A Single Center Study; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a biomarker for coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, and metabolic syndrome. However, the mechanism of its action in the acute phase of acute pontine infarction remains unclear. This study investigated the association between the AIP and the short-term prognosis of acute pontine infarction. Methods: Clinical and laboratory index data of patients admitted to the hospital for acute pontine infarction were continuously included, and these patients were followed up for 90 days after disease onset. The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used to evaluate the 90-day clinical outcomes of the patients, and an mRS score >= 3 was used to define adverse functional outcomes. Univariate analysis was used to detect differences in the indicators between the two groups. Patients were then divided into three groups according to the quantile of the AIP (T1: AIP <= 0.029
Gender-and lesion number-dependent difference in "atherogenic index of plasma" in Chinese people with coronary heart disease; Few studies has investigated the interrelationship between Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and coronary heart disease (CHD) especially in Asians. AIP is the logarithmically transformed ratio of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and is thought to be associated with arteriosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Of the 463 patients from Central Hospital of Nanchong in 2011-2014 diagnosed with angiograms, 229 CHD (> 50% stenosis in one or more arteries) and the rest 234 were the controls (maximum stenosis < 10% in any artery) according to the world health organization (who) diagnostic criteria. The multiple regression analysis showed that AIP was independently associated with CHD in men (odds ratio (OR) = 4.44, 95% CI 1.62-12.21, P = 0.004) after adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), fasting blood glucose(FBG), homocysteine (Hcy), and smoking, but not in women (OR = 0.47, 95% CI 0.11-2.08, P = 0.318). Subgroup analysis showed that the significant difference in AIP between the CHD and the controls only exists in patients with multi-vessel lesions but not in those with single-vessel lesion. Further large-scale studies with balanced sex ratio and vessel lesion numbers should verify the present findings.
Association of ideal cardiovascular health metrics with serum uric acid, inflammation and atherogenic index of plasma: A population-based survey; Background and aims: We aimed to evaluate the link between inflammatory score [consisting of C-reactive protein ICRP) and white blood cells], serum uric acid ISUA) and atherogenic index of plasma IAIP) and the cardiovascular health ICVH) score. Methods: We used the cross-sectional National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey database. Statistical analyses accounted for the survey design and sample weights. Results: Overall, there were 23,004 participants Imean age=47.2 years, 46.5% males). Participants with an ideal CVH level had the highest ratio of poverty to income I3.62%, p < 0.001), as well as lower levels of CRP, SUA and AIP Ip < 0.001 for all comparisons). In adjusted linear regression, a significant negative association was observed between inflammatory score I beta=-0.052, p < 0.001), SUA I beta=-0.041, p < 0.001) and AIP I beta=-0.039, p < 0.001) and CVH score, i. e. participants with a better Igreater) CVH score had a lower inflammatory score. Results from adjusted logistic regression showed reduction in the likelihood of " high-risk atherosclerosis" Idefined as AIP =0.21) [intermediate: odds ratio IOR)=0.90, 95% confidence interval ICI): 0.85-0.95, ideal: OR=0.81, 95% CI: 0.74-0.88] and " high CVD risk" Idefined as CRP =3 mg/ l) [intermediate: OR=0.86, 95% CI: 0.73-0.98, ideal: OR=0.82, 95% CI: 0.69-0.95] across the categories of CVH. Conclusions: Our findings highlight that CVH metrics were associated with inflammatory score, SUA and AIP. Furthermore, participants with a better CVH score had a lower CVD risk. These results reinforce the importance of implementing healthy behaviours as proposed by the American Heart Association. If confirmed in clinical trials, this knowledge may have implications for CVD prevention and management.
Association of plant-based diets with adropin, atherogenic index of plasma, and metabolic syndrome and its components: A cross-sectional study on adults; BackgroundLittle is known about the association of plant-based diet indices with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its novel predictive biomarkers, including the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and adropin. We aimed to investigate the association of plant-based diets with adropin, atherogenic index of plasma, and MetS and its components in adults. MethodsThe present population-based cross-sectional study was conducted on a representative sample of adults aged 20-60 years in Isfahan, Iran. Dietary intake was obtained through a validated 168-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Peripheral blood was obtained after an overnight fast of at least 12 h from each participant. MetS was identified based on the Joint Interim Statement (JIS). AIP was calculated as a logarithmically transformed ratio of triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), and serum levels of adropin were measured by an ELISA kit. ResultsA total of 28.7% of subjects had MetS. No significant association was found between the overall plant-based diet index (PDI) and the healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI) with MetS. However, a non-linear association was observed between hPDI and MetS. Subjects in the third quartile of the unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI) had higher odds of MetS compared to the first quartile (OR: 2.39
Atherogenic index of plasma: A novel biomarker and lipid indices in young myocardial infarction patients; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) have become the leading cause of death among Indian population. It has been directly linked to hypercholesterolemia, particularly elevated plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels and low plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels. The lipid tetrad index (LTI) and lipid pentad index (LPI) have been recently described as a new form of assessment of lipid profiles. Hence, the present study was undertaken to evaluate the role of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and other lipid indices such as LTI and LPI in young myocardial infarction (MI) patients from North India.Methods: The present cross-sectional study was conducted in the Department of Biochemistry and Cardiology at GB Pant Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research, New Delhi. A total of 240 individuals were included in the study in which 135 were patients of ST-elevation MI of the age 15-45 years, along with 105 age-matched controls during the period of July 2019 till December 2019. LTI was calculated as TC*TG*Lp(a)/HDL and LPI as TC*TG*Lp(a)*ApoB/ApoA1. AIP is calculated according to the formula: log (TG/HDL-C). Results: The lipid parameters including total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-C, and non-HDL-C were significantly increased in the acute MI cases in comparison to controls. HDL-C was significantly decreased in the cases. Lipoprotein (a), ApoB levels, and ApoB/ApoA1 were also significantly increased in the cases. On the other hand, ApoA1 levels were significantly decreased in the patients. LTI and LPI were significantly increased in the acute MI cases as compared to controls. On correlating lipid parameters with LTI and LPI, a significant positive correlation was observed with all lipid parameters - total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-C, Lp(a), and ApoB/ApoA1 except HDL-C which showed a negative correlation with LTI and a nonsignificantly negative correlation with LPI. HDL-C shows a significantly negative correlation with AIP in both cases and controls. Conclusions: This present study has evaluated Role of AIP along with lipid indices such as LTI & LPI which helps in early identification of individuals with higher risk of premature CAD. AIP can be used as a better biomarker than other lipid indices in young MI patients, especially those associated with cardiovascular risk. At present, no Lp(a)-lowering drugs have been approved, hence early identification and intervention to modify risk factor may be helpful in prevention of development of MI in these patients with the help of LTI and LPI levels.
Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Oxidized-LDL as Strong and Independent Predictor of CHD in Young Smokers; Cigarette smoking is an environmental risk factor for cardiovascular disease and induces changes in lipid profile by the oxidation of lipids, particularly LDL. Hence the need for determine ox-LDL and its association with atherogenic indices in the prediction of cardiovascular risk arises. The study aimed to determine oxidized-LDL and atherogenic indices in relation to smoking habits in cigarette smokers. This case-control study included 240 individuals in which cigarette smokers were (n=120) and were compared with (n=120) non-smokers. The ox-LDL, APO-A1 and APO-B were performed using Enzyme-linked Immune Sorbent Assay (ELISA) and atherogenic risk ratios were calculated. The study shows that ox-LDL was significantly increased in smokers and significant increase in TC, TGL and LDL was also observed. When compared to nonsmokers, smokers had considerably higher atherogenic risk indices. Pearson correlation tests revealed that ox-LDL and AIP were substantially and positively linked with non-HDL, CRI- Castelli's risk index-I, CRII- Castelli's risk index-II, AC-Atherogenic coefficient, CI-Cholindex and APO-B-Apolipoprotein B (p<0.001). The unadjusted odds ratios for ox-LDL and AIP in the univariate logistic regression analysis were 1.861 (95% confidence interval: 1.347-2.375), p<0.001 and 1.782 (95% confidence interval: 1.490-2.131), P.001) respectively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis demonstrated that ox-LDL and AIP were independent risk factors for CHD in young smokers. In smokers, ox-LDL and atherogenic indices appear to be strong predictors of CHD than conventional lipid parameters.
Evaluation of association between atherogenic index of plasma and intima-media thickness of the carotid artery for subclinic atherosclerosis in patients on maintenance hemodialysis; Incidence of cardiovascular diseases in the patients having chronic kidney disease (CKD) is between 25% and 60%. This increased rate is proposed to be associated with accelerated atherosclerosis. Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a subclinical atherosclerosis marker. Small-dense low-density lipoprotein particles are a strong risk factor for atherosclerosis. It was shown that atherogenic index of plasma (AIP=log(TG/HDL-c)) is correlated with size of the lipoprotein particles. We investigated the correlation between AIP and CIMT which is a subclinical atherosclerosis marker, in hemodialysis (HD) patients. A total of 62 persons with 31 patients under HD therapy and 31 volunteers were included in the study. In all the participants, CIMT was measured and AIP were calculated. AIP and CIMT values of the participants were compared with blood pressures, lipid profiles and the other risk factors. AIP (0.39 +/- 0.32) and CIMT (0.57 +/- 0.13) were found significantly higher in the patient group than in the controls (0.04 +/- 0.36 and 0.45 +/- 0.119, respectively)
The clinical role of combined circulating complement C1q and AIP for CAD with LDL-C level below 1.8mmol/L; Background In the past few years, circulating complement C1q involvement in atherosclerosis has garnered growing research interest in addition to the emerging recognition of the novel lipid marker named atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Nevertheless, among patients experiencing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels less than 1.8mmol/L, the interplay between C1q combined with the AIP for coronary artery disease (CAD) is ambiguous. Methods Patients were stratified into a non-CAD and CAD group according to their coronary angiography. The association between C1q in conjunction with the AIP and CAD was explored using restricted cubic spline analyses and logistic regression models. To assess how it predicted, a receiver operating characteristic analysis was undertaken. Results A total of 7270 patients comprised 1476 non-CAD patients and 5794 patients diagnosed with CAD were analyzed. A comparison of the two groups showed that the C1q levels were notably higher compared to the CAD group, while AIP exhibited an inverse trend. Across quartiles of C1q, the AIP demonstrated a decline with increasing C1q levels, and significant differences were observed between the groups. A correlation analysis underscored a notable negative correlation between the two variables. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed significant associations between CAD and the C1q quartile groups/AIP. Furthermore, compared with the Q4 group, a decrease in the C1q levels corresponded to an escalation in CAD risk, with the odds ratio rising from 1.661 to 2.314. Conclusions In conclusion, there appears to be a notable positive correlation between the combination of C1q with the AIP and CAD.
USE OF THE ATHEROGENIC INDEX IN PREMATURE CORONARY HEART DISEASE PREDICTION; Introduction. Although premature coronary heart disease (CHD) is relatively frequent, the factors predicting its development are still poorly defined. Method. We analyzed risk factors and lipid profiles in a series of men from the Canary Islands (Spain): 515 patients aged less than 51 years with documented CHD and 436 elderly controls aged more than 56 years without CHD. Results. Most patients and controls had at least one major risk factor (98% of patients and 93% of controls
Coronary Artery Disease Risk Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Metabolic Syndrome in the Urban South Indian Population; Introduction: Insulin resistance increases the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, a major cause of dyslipidaemia and heart disease. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic risk factors that come together in a single individual. Hence, in the present study, the occurrence of metabolic syndrome among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients by the WHO criteria has been carried out. The risk factors were compared between patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, with and without metabolic syndrome. Materials and Methods: Eighty seven, age matched, type 2 diabetic patients who attended a diabetic clinic were included in this study. They were grouped as diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome and diabetic patients without metabolic syndrome, based on the WHO criteria. The biochemical parameters like fasting blood sugar (FBS), post prandial blood sugar (PPBS) and lipid profile were estimated by using diagnostic kits. The blood pressure (BP) was measured and the body mass index (BMI) and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. Statistical analysis was done by the Student's t test. Results: The occurrence of metabolic syndrome among the type 2 diabetic patients was 33%. A significant increase was seen in triglycerides (TGLs), very low density lipoproteins (VLDLs), the TGL/HDL ratio, AIP, BP and BMI and a decrease was observed in the high density lipoproteins (HDLs) of type 2 diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome when compared with the type 2 diabetic patients without metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: The significant increase in the TGLs, the TGL/HDL ratio, AIP, BP and the BMI of diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome when compared to the type 2 diabetic patients without metabolic syndrome, predicts that patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with metabolic syndrome are at a higher risk level for coronary heart disease (CHD).
Small Dense LDL Level and LDL/HDL Distribution in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients; This study aimed to determine the size and distribution of LDL and HDL particles in North African acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients and to compare the level of small dense LDL (sdLDL) to other markers used in cardiovascular risk prediction. Methods: A total of 205 ACS patients and 100 healthy control subjects were enrolled. LDL particle size and LDL and HDL subclass distributions were measured using Quantimetric Lipoprint (R) linear polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Lipid ratios (total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol) were determined to calculate the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli's Risk-I (CR-I), and Castelli's Risk-II (CR-II). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses and area under the curve (AUC) were used to assess the predictive value of sdLDL as a marker for cardiovascular disease. Results: The ACS patients, compared to the healthy control subjects, displayed an alteration of LDL particle distribution, with a significant increase in sdLDL serum concentrations (0.303 +/- 0.478 mmol/L vs. 0.0225 +/- 0.043 mmol/L, respectively, p < 0.001). The sdLDL levels had a high discrimination accuracy [AUC = 0.847 +/- 0.0353 (95% CI 0.778 to 0.916, p < 0.0001)]. The best predictive cutoff value of ACS determined with the maximum Youden index (J) [(sensitivity + specificity) - 1 = 0.60] was 0.038 mmol/L. A Spearman correlation analysis showed that sdLDL levels were moderately but significantly and positively correlated with AC and CR-I (r = 0.37, p < 0.001) and weakly but significantly correlated with PAI and CR-II
Contribution of classical and emerging risk factors to coronary artery disease in Asian Indians; Background: The merits and demerits of classical risk factors in coronary artery disease (CAD) are widely debated. We analyzed the role of conventional (age, gender, diabetes, hypertension, smoking) and non-conventional risk factors (anthropometrics, fasting blood sugar, atherogenic index of plasma - AIP, family history) in Asian Indians with CAD. Methods: Out of 11,164 subjects (4855 affected, 6309 unaffected) enrolled in the Indian Atherosclerosis Research Study (IARS), 269 unaffected individuals with abnormal electrocardiogram and seven underage were excluded. Around 10,888 subjects along with two subsets, including 9888 individuals having family history information and 1616 individuals with intermediate Framingham risk score ( FRS), were statistically analyzed using SPSS version 17.0 and R software. Results: A combination of classical risk factors showed good discrimination between affected and unaffected individuals (C > 0.85). Hypertension ( OR 3.79) or male gender (OR 5.31) showed significant association with CAD when lipids were included or excluded from the predictive model, followed by age, diabetes and smoking. Hypertension and diabetes frequencieswere higher in older patients (>55 years) while smoking was more prevalent in younger patients (<55 years). Family history and AIP provided a modest increase in C index over the classical factors (0.864 to 0.873), with 7.1% net reclassification in the intermediate FRS group. In CAD patients, 4% were classified as high risk by FRS, 52% were classified as having metabolic syndrome with revised criteria and over 90% had a high AIP score. Conclusion: Addition of AIP and family history to conventional risk factors improved risk discrimination in Asian Indians with CAD. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of PCSK9 Inhibition on Coronary Atherosclerosis Regression of Nontarget Lesions after Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients; To evaluate the regression of coronary atherosclerosis with proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibition in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients following primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI). Methods and Result. We examined 40 nontarget lesions in 17 ACS patients who underwent PPCI and were treated with PCSK9 inhibitors. At 1 year, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and atherogenic index (AI) decreased significantly by 2.5 mmol/L, 2.01 mmol/L, and 1.86, respectively. On quantitative coronary angiography, treatment with PCSK9 inhibitors reduced significantly the atherosclerotic area stenosis in nontarget lesions (61.18 +/- 14.55 at baseline vs. 52.85 +/- 15.51 at 1 year, P < 0.001). Conclusions. After 1 year of PCSK9 inhibition treatment for ACS patients, the area stenosis of non-TLR was considerably reduced.
Different association of atherogenic index of plasma with the risk of high platelet reactivity according to the presentation of acute myocardial infarction; This study evaluated the association of atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes according to acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The composite of 3-year adverse outcomes of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, and cerebrovascular accident was evaluated in 10,735 patients after successful percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stents. AIP was defined as the base 10 logarithm of the ratio of triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. High platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as >= 252 P2Y12 reactivity unit. An increase of AIP (per-0.1 unit) was related to the decreased risk of HPR [odds ratio (OR) 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96-0.99
Pioglitazone reduces atherogenic index of plasma in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Insulin resistance is often associated with increased triglyceride (TG) and decreased HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and increased small LDL particles. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), defined as log(TG/HDL-C), has recently been proposed as a marker of plasma atherogenicity because it is increased in people at higher risk for coronary heart disease and is inversely correlated with LDL particle size. We studied the effect of pioglitazone, a thiazolidinedione that reduces insulin resistance, on the AIP of patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: The data for the analysis of AIP in this report were obtained from four randomized, double-blind, multicenter, parallel-group, placebo-controlled clinical trials. Pioglitazone was used as monotherapy in one study and in combination therapy in three studies. Fasting glucose, insulin, HDL-C, and TGs plus glycohemoglobin (HbA(1C)) were measured at baseline and various points during each study. Results: Patients in this study population with type 2 diabetes had high AIP values at baseline. Pioglitazone treatment significantly decreased AIP from baseline in each of the study groups. Pioglitazone treatment groups had a significantly lower AIP compared with their respective placebo controls. Finally, AIP was inversely and significantly correlated with measures of insulin sensitivity, such as the homeostasis model assessment and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index. In contrast, AIP was not significantly correlated with HbA(1C). Conclusions: Pioglitazone reduced AIP when used as monotherapy or in combination therapy with sulfonylurea, metformin, or insulin. AIP was inversely correlated with measures of insulin sensitivity. (C) 2004 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
Evaluation of dyslipidemia, lipid ratios, and atherogenic index as cardiovascular risk factors among semi-urban dwellers in Nigeria; Background and Objectives: The increasing frequency of cardiovascular disease (CVD) rests on the presence of major cardiovascular risk factors including dyslipidemia. This dyslipidemia is also a target for the prevention and treatment of many cardiovascular diseases. Hence, identification of individuals at risk of CVD is needed for early identification and prevention. The study was carried out to evaluate dyslipidemia using the lipid ratios and indices instead of just the conventional lipid profile. Methodology: It was a cross-sectional study with 699 participants recruited from semi-urban communities in Nigeria. Anthropometric indices, blood pressure, and fasting lipid profiles were determined. Abnormalities in lipid indices and lipid ratios with atherogenic index were also determined. SPSS software version 17.0 were used for analysis, P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: There were 699 participants with a mean age of 64.45 +/- 15.53 years. Elevated total cholesterol, high low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, elevated triglyceride, and low high-density lipoprotein were seen in 5.3%, 19.3%, 4.4%, and 76.3% of the participants, respectively. The Castelli's risk index-I (CRI-I) predicted the highest prevalence of predisposition to cardiovascular risk (47.8%) with females being at significantly higher risk (55.2% vs. 29.3%, P < 0.001). Atherogenic coefficient, CRI-II, CHOLIndex, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) predicted a cardiovascular risk prevalence of 22.5%, 15.9%, 11.2%, and 11.0%, respectively, with no significant difference in between the sexes. Conclusions: Serum lipid ratios and AIP may be used in addition to lipid parameters in clinical practice to assess cardiovascular risks even when lipid profiles are apparently normal. AIP was more gender specific amidst the lipid ratios.
Atherogenic index of plasma in non-obese women with androgenetic alopecia; BackgroundAndrogenetic alopecia (AGA) is characterized by the local and gradual transformation of terminal scalp hair into vellus hair, which has a shorter and thinner shaft. Several studies have analyzed the relationship between AGA and cardiovascular disease in males, and few were conducted in females. The current study aimed to investigate lipid profile and atherogenic index of plasma in non-obese females with AGA. MethodsForty non-obese females with early-onset AGA were selected with 40 age- and gender-matched healthy subjects as a control group. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured, and the atherogenic index of plasma was calculated for all cases and control subjects. ResultsMean values of total cholesterol (P<0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.03), and triglycerides (P=0.001) were significantly higher in cases than controls. Mean value of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly lower in cases than controls (P=0.008). The atherogenic index of plasma was significantly higher in cases than controls (P<0.001). ConclusionCurrent findings support the relationship between early-onset AGA and unfavorable lipid profile and cardiovascular risk in affected females. Assessment and follow-up of these cases will allow early intervention to avoid cardiovascular complications.
Prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolic indices in patients with acute coronary syndrome; BACKGROUND Triglyceride (TG) and its related metabolic indices, all recognized as surrogates of insulin resistance, have been demonstrated to be relevant to clinical prognosis. However, the relative value of these TG-related indices for predicting cardiovascular events among patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) has not been examined. METHODS The TG, the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, the atherogenic index of plasma, TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and the lipoprotein combine index were assessed in 1694 ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE), which was the composite of all-cause mortality, stroke, myocardial infarction, or unplanned repeat revascularization. RESULTS During a median follow-up of 31 months, 345 patients (20.4%) had MACE. The risk of the MACE was increased with higher TG and the four TG-derived metabolic indices [TG-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 1.002, 95% CI: 1.001-1.003
The atherogenic index of plasma is increased by hormonal contraception; Background/Aims. Oral contraceptives are known to induce secondary dyslipidemia. The aim of this study was to determine if hormonal contraceptives affect the new atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) = log[triglycerides (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C)] together with the total cholesterol/HDL-C (TC/HDL-C) and the apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A1 (apoB/apoA1) ratios. Design and methods. This study included 43 healthy women. Blood lipids, apoA1, apoB and the high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) concentration were examined before the start of hormonal contraception and after 3, 6 and 9 months of its regular use. AIP, the apoB/apoA1 ratio and the TC/HDL-C ratio were calculated. Results. After 9 months of continued hormonal contraception, we found significantly increased levels of TC, HDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), TG, apoA1 and apoB (p < 0.05 for all analytes). The TC/HDL-C and apoB/apoA1 ratios remained unchanged
The correlation between dietary fat quality indices and lipid profile with Atherogenic index of plasma in obese and non-obese volunteers: a cross-sectional descriptive-analytic case-control study; Background and aim Abnormalities in lipid metabolism are commonly observed in patients who were obese. Alongside dyslipidemia, one of the markers in predicting the risk of cardiovascular disease is the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), which is related to dietary intake. Healthy fat quality indices might affect on AIP. The purpose of this study is to find the possible relationship between dietary fat quality, and AIP and comparison of these indices among obese and non-obese volunteers. Methods This study was a cross-sectional descriptive-analytic case-control study with 157 normal and overweight and obese volunteers (n = 71 normal, Age: 38.90 +/- 10.976 vsn = 86 overweight/obese, Age: 38.60 +/- 9.394) in the age range of 18-65 years. Food intake was measured using FFQ, anthropometric indices (weight, height, body mass index and waist to hip ratio), body composition (visceral fat level, total body water, body fat mass), and lipid profile were measured. Results Based on the present results, comparable biochemical parameters including TC (P = 0.580), TG (P = 0.362), LDL (P = 0.687) and HDL (P = 0.151) among overweight/obese volunteers as compared to normal ones were noticed. Effects of dietary fat quality, including Atherogenicity (AI) and Thrombogenicity (TI) hypo/hypercholesterolemic ratio (h/H), the Cholesterol-Saturated Fat Index (CSI) showed significantly higher AI (P = 0.012) in the overweight/obese group as compared to the normal group. Whereas, h/H (P = 0.034) and omega-6/omega-3 ratio (P = 0.004) were significantly higher in normal-weight volunteers. There was a positive correlation between AI, TI, CSI, SFA, MUFA, PUFA and omega-6/omega-3 ratio with AIP and negative correlation between h/H with AIP in both groups. Despite the significances of these correlations no strong relation was observed by doing multiple regression among normal and overweight/obese groups (R-2 = 0.210,R-2 = 0.387). Conclusions In summary, the present work proposes a direct relationship between dietary fat quality, increased BMI, and lipid abnormalities with AIP. Nevertheless, further large-scale studies are required to sustain a clear conclusion in this wish.
The relationship between erectile dysfunction and the Atherogenic Index of Plasma; The objective of this study was to compare the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) values as indicators of subclinical atherosclerosis among 124 patients with erectile dysfunction, which was thought to be vasculogenic and 126 control subjects who had no erectile dysfunction, and to compare cardiac performance values between both the groups using exercise stress tests (EST). Erectile function was assessed using the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF-5) questionnaire form. AIP values were studied and compared between patients with ED (IIEF < 22) and those without ED (IIEF > 22) using the log(10)TG/HDL-C formula. In addition, the correlation between the severity of ED and AIP was investigated according to IIEF-5 scoring. Metabolic equivalent (MET) values, maximal heart rates (max HR), and heart rate recovery (HRR) were evaluated with effort tests. AIP values were significantly higher in the ED group than in the control group (0.45 +/- 0.27, and 0.37 +/- 0.27
High fasting serum glucose in non-diabetic subjects ≥45 years is an indicator of future cardiovascular events as it is positively associated with atherogenic index of plasma; Background: Atherogenic index of plasma, a newly emerging lipid parameter, has been employed only in a few studies in diabetics and not at all in non-diabetics. Methods: Association between fasting serum glucose and lipid parameters in 321 non-diabetic males aged 30 to 60 years was studied retrospectively. Glucose and lipid parameters were measured on fully automated analyser using standard reagent kits. Body mass index was also ascertained. Results: On comparing the various lipid parameters between normo-glycaemic and pre-diabetic men, a significant increase in TG (p = 0.0328), VLDL-C (p = 0.0328) and AIP (p = 0.0373) was observed only in pre-diabetic men >= 45 years. In non-diabetic men >= 45 years a slight but statistically positive correlation between glucose and AIP was also seen. Conclusions: Increased blood glucose in men >= 45 years, even in the non-diabetic range is associated with increased risk of CVD, as indicated by an increased atherogenic index of plasma.
Relationship between the Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Non-dipping Circadian Pattern in Hypertensive Patients; Background: Hypertension is considered a major cause for the presence of cardiovascular diseases. Many studies have pointed out that the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), which demonstrates plasma atherogenicity, is correlated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular morbidity, atherosclerosis, and severity of coronary artery disease. Within this context, we tried to evaluate the correlation between non-dipping circadian pattern and AIP. Methods: We enrolled 1030 hypertensive patients (mean age: 53.6 +/- 11.4) in total as part of the target population, who are separated into two different groups considering the circadian blood pressure (BP) pattern taken from dipper and non-dipper groups subsequent to 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM). We calculated the level of AIP using the log-transformation of the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. Results: The AIP observed in the non-dipper group was remarkably higher than those of the dipper group (p < 0.001). After measuring the patients' 24-h ABPM, we determined that AIP had a weak but significant correlation with nighttime systolic BP (r=0.090, p = 0.004) and nighttime diastolic BP (r=0.073, p = 0.019). As for the analysis based on the multivariate logistic regression, high AIP, as well as age were found as independently associated with the presence of the non-dipping pattern. Conclusion: AIP levels are higher in patients with non-dipping pattern compared to the dipper patients. Additionally, higher levels of AIP are found as independently associated with the presence of the non-dipping pattern in hypertensive patients.
Serum YKL-40 Levels Are Associated with the Atherogenic Index of Plasma in Children; YKL-40, also known as chitinase-3-like protein 1, is an inflammatory glycoprotein that is secreted by various cell types under acute, chronic, and subclinical inflammation conditions. Elevated serum YKL-40 levels are reportedly independently related to diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, acute myocardial infarction, and cardiovascular mortality in adults. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the relationship between serum YKL-40 levels, lipid abnormalities, and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in children. We enrolled 479 children aged 10-12 years (mean age: 11.52) in this general population-based, cross-sectional study. All subjects completed questionnaires and were subjected to multifrequency bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) to measure their height, weight, and body mass index (BMI). We collected serum samples from all participants to measure YKL-40, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglyceride (TG) levels. Mean serum YKL-40 levels were significantly higher in the low-HDL-C (p=0.017) and high-TG (p=0.010) groups but were not related to TC and LDL-C levels. YKL-40 levels were also higher in the high AIP group (p=0.007). After adjusting for age, gender, and BMIz-score, the associations between serum YKL-40 levels and TG levels (p=0.003), the TG-to-HDL-C ratio (p=0.019), and the AIP value (p=0.012) remained significant. Based on these findings, we suggest that serum YKL-40 may be a useful initial screening tool or follow-up risk indicator for lipid abnormalities, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease in children and adolescents with risk factors, regardless of obesity.
The Predictive Value of Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Non- High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and Lipoprotein Combine Index for Stroke Incidence and Prognosis in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients; Purpose: The serum lipid level is strongly associated with atherosclerosis. However, research on the relationship between lipid-derived indices and acute ischemic stroke (AIS) occurrence in hemodialysis populations is limited. This study aimed to explore the predictive value of lipid-derived indices, including atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), Non- high density lipoprotein cholesterol (Non-HDL-C), Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and lipoprotein combine index (LCI) in clinical practice for the occurrence and prognosis of AIS in hemodialysis patients. Methods: A total of 451 patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis were screened and 350 were enrolled in this study. The lipid parameters exhibit a progressive increase across the tertiles, with values rising from Q1 through Q3. Enrolled patients were divided into three groups (Q1, Q2, and Q3) based on tertiles of AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and LCI values. Kaplan-Meier curves were performed to investigate the association between the AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, LCI and AIS-free survival in hemodialysis patients. Chi-square analysis was used to explore the association between the AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, LCI and AIS outcomes in hemodialysis patients. AIS outcomes were assessed using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS). Results: Kaplan-Meier analysis revealed that the AIS-free survival rates were significantly higher in the Q1 group compared to Q2 and Q3 groups for AIP, Non-HDL-C, Non-HDL-C/HDL-C, and LCI. Log rank tests showed statistically significant differences between the Q1 group and the Q2 and Q3 groups (p < 0.05 for all). The proportion of patients with a good outcome mRS was higher in the Q1 group compared to the Q2-Q3 groups (AIP: 0.818 vs 0.792
Atherogenic index of plasma is positively associated with the risk of all-cause death in elderly women A 10-year follow-up; Background The blood concentrations of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) do not predict survival in patients older than 60 years. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a logarithm of the triacylglycerol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio and a surrogate for the concentration of small dense LDL. It might be a better reflection of the risk of all-cause death in elderly patients. Methods We conducted a prospective observational study of patients with arterial hypertension older than 60 years. The concentrations of total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triacylglycerol were measured at the time of the recruitment and the patients were observed for 10 years. Cox regression analysis was performed to assess the effects of lipoproteins and AIP on survival. Results A total of 500 patients were recruited and 473 of them (226 men, 247 women) either died or successfully completed the 10-year follow-up and were included in the analysis. The AIP was positively associated, while HDL concentration was negatively associated with the risk of all-cause death adjusted for age, smoking habits, statin use, history of diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction, stroke and peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD) in elderly women but not in men. The LDL, total cholesterol, triacylglycerol and non-HDL concentrations were not associated with the risk of death in both sexes. Conclusions The AIP is positively associated with the risk of all-cause death in elderly women with arterial hypertension independent of age, smoking habits, statin therapy and comorbidities.
High Resolution Heart Rate Variability Analysis in Patients with Angina Pectoris during Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery; The purpose of the study is approbation of the capabilities of high-resolution rhythmocardiography (RCG) for the determination of the actual cardiovascular status of operated patients with angina pectoris during coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABGS) for myocardial revascularization. The research was done by means of a KAP-RK-02-Mikor hardware-software complex with a monitor record and the time-and frequency-domain analyses of heart rate variability (HRV). Monitor records were made at each stage of CABGS in 123 patients. As a result, HRV manifested itself as a fairly adequate and promising method for the determination of the cardiovascular status during CABGS. In addition, the data of the HRV study during CABGS testify to the capability of RCG to determine the high risk of life-threatening cardioarrhythmias before and during operation, to different changes in sinoatrial heart node (SN) dysregulation, and contain the HRV symptoms of a high death risk before, during and after shunting. The loss of the peripheral autonomic sympathetic and parasympathetic control in SN in the form of the autonomic cardioneuropathy syndrome is a predictor of the complications related to CABGS. The obtained data on RCG monitoring of HRV recording are suggestive of wide prospects of the high-resolution RCG method to be used in cardiac surgery as a whole. The actual multivariant dysregulations of SN pacemaker activity testify to its adequacy to the pathophysiology of each period of the cardiac operation, according to the initial ischemic damages and localization of cardiosurgical manipulations during CABGS.
Prognostic significance of atherogenic index of plasma, atherogenic coefficient and lipoprotein combined index among elderly patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction in 1-year follow-up; OBJECTIVES: Coronary artery disease (CAD) remains a leading cause of death in elderly patients. Recently, novel lipoproteins- Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), Atherogenic Coefficient (AC) and Lipoprotein Combine Index (LCI) have been suggested as CAD risk factors
Chromium picolinate and biotin combination reduces atherogenic index of plasma in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A placebo-controlled, double-blinded, randomized clinical trial; Background: The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), defined as logarithm [log] of the ratio of plasma concentration of triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, has recently been proposed as a predictive marker for plasma atherogenicity and is positively correlated with cardiovascular disease risk. The nutrient combination of chromium picolinate and biotin (CPB) has been previously shown to reduce insulin resistance and hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods: Thirty-six moderately obese subjects with T2DM and with impaired glycemic control were randomized to receive CPB or placebo in addition to their oral hyperglycemic agents for 4 weeks. Measurements of blood lipids (including ratio of triglycerides to HDL cholesterol), fructosamine, glucose, and insulin were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks. Results: At the final visit, the active group had a significantly lower AIP compared to the placebo group (P < 0.05). A significant difference in triglyceride level (P < 0.02) and the ratio of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) to HDL cholesterol (P < 0.05) was also observed between the groups at the final visit. In the active group, the changes in urinary chromium levels were inversely correlated with the change in AIP (P < 0.05). Urinary chromium levels were significantly increased in the CPB group. In the CPB group, glucose levels decreased at I hour and 2 hours and glucose area under the curve and fructosamine level were significantly decreased. Ratios of total to HDL cholesterol, LDL to HDL cholesterol, and non-HDL to HDL cholesterol were significantly decreased between the treatments at final visit. No significant adverse events were observed in the CPB or placebo groups. Conclusions: These results suggest that the combination of chromium picolinate and biotin may be a valuable nutritional adjuvant therapy to reduce AIP and correlated CVD risk factors in people with T2DM.
Multiple triglyceride-derived metabolic indices and incident cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease; Background Triglyceride (TG) and its related metabolic indices are recognized as important biomarker gauging cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to explore the association between multiple TG-derived metabolic indices including the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, triglyceride glucose-body mass index (TyG-BMI) and cardiovascular outcomes to identify valuable predictors for cardiovascular prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods Data of 1034 patients with T2DM and CHD from China-Japan Friendship Hospital between January 2019 and March 2022 were collected and analyzed. Multivariate Cox proportional hazards models and restricted cubic spline (RCS) analysis were conducted to examine the associations between AIP, TyG index, TyG-BMI and major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) was used to screen the most valuable predictor. Kaplan-Meier curve analysis was employed to examine the relationship between the predictor and prognosis. The goodness-of-fit of models was evaluated using the calibration curve and chi(2) likelihood ratio test. Subgroup analysis and interaction test were performed to control for confounding factors. Results The overall incidence of MACCEs was 31.04% during a median of 13.3 months of follow-up. The results showed that AIP, TyG index and TyG-BMI were all positively correlated with the risk of MACCEs in patients with T2DM and CHD (P < 0.05). Furthermore, ROC (AUC = 0.899) suggested that AIP had the strongest ability to predict the risk of MACCEs, and the highest AIP values enhanced the risk by 83.5% in the population. RCS model demonstrated that AIP was nonlinearly associated with the incident cardiovascular outcomes (P for nonlinear = 0.0118). The Kaplan-Meier analysis for MACCEs grouped by the AIP tertiles indicated that the probability of cumulative incidences of MACCEs was significantly higher in patients with a higher AIP (all Log rank P < 0.001). Meanwhile, the calibration curve demonstrated an excellent goodness-of-fit of the multivariate model (chi(2) = 13.210, P = 0.105). Subgroup analysis revealed that the trend of positive association of AIP with cardiovascular risk was similar across subgroups except in non-hypertensive individuals. Conclusion Our study, for the first time, may provide valuable information that multiple TG-derived metabolic indices play a crucial role in the risk of MACCEs and it is recommended to monitor the AIP for lipid management in patients with established T2DM and CHD.
Anthropometric measures of adiposity as correlates of atherogenic index of plasma in non-obese sedentary Nigerian males; Background: The increase in cardiovascular events has necessitated the identification of possible predictors that can help in predicting atherogenicity. Objective: The study sought to identify the anthropometric measures of adiposity that are associated with atherogenic risk in sedentary, non-obese, young male adults. Methods: A cross-sectional design was used to recruit a purposive sample of 414 sedentary males in a university campus. Anthropometric measures of adiposity, lipid parameters, and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were assessed. Pearson correlation and stepwise multiple regression were used to analyze the data collected. Alpha level was set at p < 0.05. Results: There was a high risk of cardiovascular events (AIP = 0.36 +/- 0.04 SD) among the participants. A significant correlation (p = 0.000) was obtained between each of the anthropometric measures (except conicity index) and AIP. Body mass index, body adiposity index, and percent body fat were significant predictors accounting for 38.9, 3.1, and 2.2% of the variance due to AIP. Conclusions: Sedentary status among young males is associated with high atherogenic risk in the presence of normal lipid and anthropometric parameters. Both central and general measures of adiposity predict less than half of the atherogenic risk in sedentary young males.
Serum Interleukin-6 and Lipid Atherogenic Index Risk Ratios as Interpreters of Cardiac Disease in Obese and Non Obese Male Patients of Coronary Artery Disease; Aim: To evaluate serum Interleukin-6, and lipids as predictors of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in obese and non obese male patients of coronary artery disease (CAD). Methodology: It was cross-sectional comparative study. Serum Interleukin-6 and lipid profile was determined in non diabetic, non smoker and non hypertensive age matched obese and non obese male patients of CAD and healthy subjects. Sixty male subjects were divided equally into groups. Group 1, healthy controls (n=20), group 2, non obese male patients with CAD (n=20) and group 3 included Obese male patients with CAD (n=20). The serum was assayed for lipid profile and interleukin-6. Results: Age matched healthy and patients were non diabetics, non hypertensive and non smoker with altered lipid profile in obese and non obese male patients with coronary artery disease. Patients have high serum cholesterol, low density cholesterol(LDL-C), Triglyceride(TG,) very low density lipoprotein(VLDL) and interleukin-6. The High density lipoprotein was lowered in both obese and non obese male patients with CAD. Significant positive correlation was observed in CAD group of IL-6 with TC (rho= 0.405, p= 0.009*), with TG (rho= 0.639, p= 0.000*) ,with LDL (rho= 0.398, p= 0.002*), with VLDL (rho= 0.315, p= 0.014*). Significant negative correlation was observed in CAD group of IL-6 with HDL (rho= -0.565, p= 0.000*) Significant positive correlation was observed in CAD group of IL-6 .Significant positive correlation of IL-6 was observed with Al (rho= 0.602, p= 0.000*). Conclusion: Dyslipidemia, Raised interleukin-6 and strong positive correlation of Atherogenic index with IL-6 are independent risk factors for CVD
Effects of protocatechuic acid on ameliorating lipid profiles and cardio-protection against coronary artery disease in high fat and fructose diet fed in rats; A coronary heart disease leads to increase in obesity and metabolic dysfunction. Protocatechuic acid (PCA), due to its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, neuro protective activities was found efficient as cardio-protective in coronary heart disease. Our study investigated hypolipidemic and cardioprotective effects of protocatechuic acid in the coronary artery disease induced by high fat and fructose diet (HFD) rat models. A diet rich in fat and fructose was fed to male Wistar rats prior to the start of experimental procedures. Serum lipid levels and hepatic triglycerides (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) levels were examined and analyzed. Both in vitro an in vivo pancreatic lipase activity was determined as well. Histopathological examination was performed and their results were noted. Noteworthy reduction of serum lipid levels and hepatic TG and TC levels was seen in groups treated with simvastatin (SIM
Residual cardiovascular risk in patients with stable coronary heart disease over the last 16 years (Czech part of the EUROASPIRE I-IV surveys); Introduction: Many patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) who achieve target low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) values still experience vascular events because of a residual vascular risk due to other risk factors, particularly non-LDL-C dyslipidemia, because of non-adherence to non-pharmacological and pharmacological management. Method and aims: We used simple markers and inexpensive screening tools for metabolic disorders associated with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome identifying subjects at a high cardiovascular (CV) risk- atherogenic dyslipidemia [triglycerides (TG) >= 2.0 mmo1/1 and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) mmo1/1 in males and 1..2 mmo1/1 in females], hypertriglyceridemic waist (TG a2.0 mmo1/1 and waist circumference >= 90 cm in males and >= 85 cm in females), atherogenic index of plasma [AIP = log (TG/HDL-C)] and non-HDL-C (non-HDL-C = total cholesterol- HDL-C)]. We focused on the development of these risk factors among patients with established stable CHD over more than the last 16 years. Results: We examined 1484 patients, 1152 males (78%) and 332 females (22%) from the Czech parts of EUROASPIRE I-IV (EA I-IV) surveys. In males, TG, HDL-C, and non-HDL-C decreased significantly from EA I to IV (p for trends NS
Serum PCSK9 levels, but not PCSK9 polymorphisms, are associated with CAD risk and lipid profiles in southern Chinese Han population; Background: Genetic and environment factors affect the occurrence and development of coronary artery disease (CAD). Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), has been investigated extensively in the field of lipid metabolism and CAD. We performed this case-control study to investigate the relationship between serum PCSK9 levels and PCSK9 polymorphisms and lipid levels and CAD risk in a southern Chinese population. Methods: A hospital-based case-control study with 1, 096 subjects, including 626 CAD patients and 470 controls, were conducted. Genotyping of PCSK9 polymorphisms was performed using polymerase chain reaction-ligase detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method. Results: The frequencies of the AA, AG and GG genotypes of PCSK9 E670G polymorphism were 90.58, 9.27, and 0.16% in the CAD patients, compared with 88.72, 10.85 and 0.43% in the controls, respectively. No R46L variant was detected in this population. There were no significant differences in genotype and allele frequencies of PCSK9E670G polymorphism between the CAD group and the controls. Serum lipid levels were not significantly different in carriers with the G allele and those with the AA genotype. The median (QR) of PCSK9 concentration was 1205. 00 ng/l (577.28-1694.13 ng/l) in cases and 565.87 ng/l (357.17-967.50 ng/l) in controls, respectively. Compared with controls, CAD patients had significantly higher PCSK9 levels (z = 4.559, P < 0.001). After adjusting for age, gender, essential hypertension, diabetic mellitus, smoking and lipid profiles, PCSK9 levels remain significantly associated with increased CAD susceptibility (OR = 1.002, 95% CI = 1.001-1.002, P < 0.001). The correlation analyses showed that serum PCSK9 levels were positively associated with triglyceride (TG), Apo B and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) levels in controls. No significant association between the PCSK9 E670G polymorphism and serum PCSK9 levels was observed in the CAD group and the controls. Conclusions: The present study shows that serum PCSK9 levels, but not PCSK9 polymorphisms, are associated with CAD risk in Southern Chinese Han population, and that serum PCSK9 levels are positively associated with AIP.
Reply to the letter to the editor: [Letter by Yue J, et al. regarding article 'The relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and noreflow in patients with acute ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention']; We have read with a great pleasure the letter of Yue J, et al. to the editor about our recent study which showed an association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Yue J, et al. raises concerns about the timing of blood collection, whether if it was taken before the emergency intervention or after. In emergency department, while performing intravenous line, the blood samples for blood biochemistry and whole blood count were also taken from the patients. Another concern of the author was the timing of left ventricular ejection fraction measurement (LVEF). LVEF measurements were obtained before the emergency intervention and some were after the intervention, but before the patient discharge. In our study we included the LVEF in our model, because we could not ignore that modeling which was comprehensively used in recent studies on relation of LVEF and no-reflow. We designed this statistical model not only for the no-reflow prediction but also for the explanation of the no-reflow pathophysiology. We thank the authors' letter for pointing out these issues that we hope to have addressed.
Peanut consumption and cardiovascular risk; Objective: We evaluated the effects of peanut consumption on lipid profiles, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and CHD risk in hypercholesterolaemic men. Design: Randomised crossover clinical trial. Setting: Participants were randomly assigned to two groups. They were asked to consume peanut supplements (about 77 g) with their habitual diet for 4 weeks. Subjects: Fifty-four hypercholesterolaemic men with total cholesterol (TC) concentrations between 200 and 350 mg/dl. Results: Compared with the habitual diet, peanut supplementation of the habitual diet significantly reduced TC/HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (mean 1 (SE 0.3) P = 0.001) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C)/HDL-C ratio (mean 0.7 (SE 0.2)
The plasma parameter log (TG/HDL-C) as an atherogenic index: correlation with lipoprotein particle size and esterification rate in apoB-lipoprotein-depleted plasma (FER<sub>HDL</sub>).; Objectives: To evaluate if logarithm of the ratio of plasma concentration of triglycerides to HDL-cholesterol (Log[TG/HDL-C]) correlates with cholesterol esterification rates in apoB-lipoprotein-depleted plasma (FERHDL) and lipoprotein particle size. Design and methods: We analyzed previous data dealing with the parameters related to the FERHDL (an indirect measure of lipoprotein particle size). In a total of 1433 subjects from 35 cohorts with various risk of atherosclerosis (cord plasma, children, healthy men and women, pre- and postmenopausal women, patients with hypertension, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia and patients with positive or negative angiography findings) were studied. Results: The analysis revealed a strong positive correlation (r = 0.803) between FERHDL and Log(TG/HDL-C). This parameter, which we propose to call "atherogenic index of plasma" (AIP) directly related to the risk of atherosclerosis in the above cohorts. We also confirmed in a cohort of 35 normal subjects a significant inverse correlation of LDL size with FERHDL (r = -0.818) and AIP (r = -0.776) Conclusion: Values of AIP correspond closely to those of FERHDL and to lipoprotein particle size and thus could be used as a marker of plasma atherogenicity. (C) 2001 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. All rights reserved.
Cow's Milk Intake and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease in Korean Postmenopausal Women; Numerous studies have reported conflicting results associated with cow's milk intake and coronary heart disease (CHD). However, studies involving postmenopausal women are very limited. This study was therefore undertaken to identify the relationship between cow's milk intake and CHD risk in postmenopausal women, using data from the 6th period of the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2013-2015). A total of 1825 postmenopausal women, aged 50-64 years old, were included in the final analysis. The frequency of cow's milk consumption for each subject was determined using the semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, and was classified into four groups (Q1-Q4): Q1, group that did not drink milk (no milk, n = 666)
Association between the atherogenic index of plasma and erectile dysfunction in US men: a population-based cross-sectional study; Erectile dysfunction (ED) is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and involves risk factors such as atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction. Since the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) may be potentially valuable in predicting cardiovascular risk, we conducted a comprehensive analysis of the relationship between AIP and ED using large-scale data, as well as exploring its potential implications for clinical and future research. We screened the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) database using R software, selected datasets from two study cycles for cross-sectional analysis, enrolled covariates and performed statistical analyses using multivariate logistic regression. Furthermore, sensitivity analyses were performed and the relationship between the AIP index and ED was further assessed using generalized additive model regression and smoothed curve fitting. After an initial filter of 21,161 participants, 1503 participants were included, and the AIP level in the ED group was 0.21 +/- 0.02 compared with 0.08 +/- 0.01 in the group without ED, which was analyzed to show a statistically significant difference between them (P < 0.0001), and the difference was further confirmed in the sensitivity analyses. We suggest that early assessment, intervention, and individualized treatment of ED in people with high AIP levels is warranted, as it not only improves sexual function but also reduces the risk of CVD. However, it was a limitation of this study that the study population was all from the US, and more research is needed in the future to elucidate the causal relationship between AIP and ED and the association in a wider population.
Circulating endothelial cells in coronary artery disease; Background: Endothelial damage and dysfunction play a crucial role in the pathophysiology of coronary artery disease (CAD). The quantification of circulating endothelial cells (CEC) in the peripheral blood is a novel method for assessing endothelial damage. Aim: To evaluate the possible diagnostic use of single quantification of CEC in peripheral blood by flow cytometry in patients with CAD. Methods: We examined 48 patients with CAD, including 23 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and 25 patients with stable angina (SA). The control group consisted of 20 healthy subjects without symptoms of CAD. The CEC count was evaluated by flow cytometry using antibodies against CD31, CD146, and CD45. Plasma biochemical markers of endothelial damage (von Willebrand Factor [vWF], thrombomodulin [TM]) were measured by ELISA. Serum concentrations of troponin I (TnI) and lipid parameters were also included in the statistical analysis. Results: A significant increase in the CEC count was found in patients with AMI compared to the control group (p < 0.05) and SA patients (p < 0.05). However, no difference was found in the CEC count between patients with SA and the control group. Increased vWF activity was found in both groups of CAD patients compared to the control group (AMI: p < 0.001, SA: p < 0.01), and vWF activity was significantly higher in AMI patients compared to SA patients (p < 0.001). Thrombomodulin concentration did not differ significantly between any patient groups and the control group. The CEC count correlated positively with vWF activity (r = 0.3852, p < 0.05) and the atherogenic index TC/HDL-C (r = 0.3844, p < 0.05) in all patients with CAD (AMI + SA). The sensitivity of CEC count for the diagnosis of an acute coronary syndrome was lower than that of TnI level on admission (39% vs 69%). Conclusions: We confirmed that CEC count in peripheral blood can be determined by flow cytometry in CAD patients with both AMI and SA. The CEC count in AMI was increased in comparison to healthy subjects and SA patients in one third of all cases. To determine whether CEC count could be used to improve the diagnosis of an acute coronary syndrome in patients with CAD, additional studies in larger patient groups would be required.
Evaluation of Plasma Atherogenic Index, Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Other Lipid Ratios as Predictive Biomarkers of Coronary Artery Disease in Different Age Groups; (1) Background: Dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance are major risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). This study investigated the relationship between plasma atherogenic index (PA-I), triglyceride-glucose index (TGI) and other lipid ratios with the presence and prediction of CAD among different age categories. (2) Methods: The study included 223 participants diagnosed with CAD and those with normal coronary arteries (normal group) by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). Participants were categorised by age and sex: premature CAD (PCAD) for men under 55 and women under 65, and older groups as elderly. (3) Results: PA-I, Lipid Combined Index, Castelli Risk Indices, and TGI were significantly higher in the PCAD group compared to the control group (p < 0.05). ROC analysis showed that a PA-I cut-off of 0.41 had a sensitivity of 62% and a specificity of 58% for predicting PCAD, while a TGI cut-off of 8.74 had a sensitivity of 68% and a specificity of 62%. In the elderly, no significant differences in these indices were found between the CAD and normal groups. (4) Conclusions: Traditional lipid profiles and non-traditional lipid indices such as PA-I and TGI show significant differences in predicting CAD in younger populations but not in older groups. TGI and PA-I may be promising biomarkers for the prediction of PAD, although further validation is needed.
Atherogenic index of plasma as predictors for metabolic syndrome, hypertension and diabetes mellitus in Taiwan citizens: a 9-year longitudinal study; Deeply involved with dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease has becoming the leading cause of mortality since the early twentieth century in the modern world. Whose correlation with metabolic syndrome (MetS), hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has been well established. We conducted a 9-year longitudinal study to identify the association between easily measured lipid parameters, future MetS, hypertension and T2DM by gender and age distribution. Divided into three groups by age (young age:<40, middle age: <greater than or equal to> 40 and<65 and old age: <greater than or equal to> 65), 7670 participants, receiving standard medical inspection at Tri-Service General Hospital (TSGH) in Taiwan, had been enrolled in this study. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was a logarithmically transformed ratio of triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Through multivariate regression analyses, the hazard ratio (HR) of AIP for MetS, hypertension and T2DM were illustrated. AIP revealed significant association with all the aforementioned diseases through the entire three models for both genders. Additionally, AIP revealed significant correlation which remained still after fully adjustment in MetS, hypertension, and T2DM groups for subjects aged 40-64-year-old. Nevertheless, for participants aged above 65-year-old, AIP only demonstrated significant association in MetS group. Our results explore the promising value of AIP to determine the high-risk subjects, especially meddle-aged ones, having MetS, hypertension, and T2DM in the present and the future.
Assessment of Atherogenic Indices after treating with <i>Sookshma Eladi Churnam</i> in Hyperlipidaemia - A Case Study; Background: Hyperlipidaemia is one of the most important conditions to cause atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). CAD has become the epidemic of modem civilization in which Hyperlipidaemia predominantly contributes to its pathogenesis. There are certain atherogenic ratios that are strongly predictive of CAD. Three important atherogenic ratios are Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), Castelli's Risk Index I & II (CRI-I &CRI-II). We studied the significance of these atherogenic ratios in a case study having hyperlipidaemia by giving Ayurvedic drug Sookshma eladi choornam. Methods: A 53-year-old patient presented with tiredness, shortness of breath on exertion, heaviness of the body parts for the past 4 months. Management was done on OPD based treatment. The patient was administered 3 grams of Sookshma eladi choornam orally with go ghrita as anupana. Result: There was a marked reduction in symptoms like tiredness, heaviness and shortness of breath with three months of treatment. The lipid values after three months of treatment and follow up of one month showed a marked reduction in TC(Total Cholesterol), TG(Triglyceride), LDL-C(Low density lipoprotein - Cholesterol) and increase in HDL(High density lipoprotein - Cholesterol). Conclusion: Significant result was observed in both subjective symptoms and in objective parameters after administering Sookshma eladi choornam.
Success and Failure of Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Czech Republic Over the Past 30 Years. Czech Part of the EUROASPIRE I-IV Surveys; Cardiovascular (CV) mortality was reduced more than 50 % in the Czech population at the turn of the century, due to an improvement of major CV risk factors in the general population, interventional procedures implemented into the treatment of acute coronary events, and new drugs (ACE inhibitors, statins etc.) for CV prevention (Czech MONICA and post-MONICA studies, 1985-2008). An insufficient level of preventive efforts is described in the Czech patients after acute coronary syndrome (Czech part of the EUROASPIRE studies, 1995-2013). Drug underdosing and wrong patients' compliance to life style and drug therapy recommendations represent two main reasons of this unsatisfactory situation. The residual vascular risk of patients with stable coronary heart disease (CHD) is still high due to a poor control of conventional risk factors on the one hand, and due to increasing weight and glucose metabolism abnormalities on the other hand. Patients with insulin resistance and glucose disorders have more frequently non-LDL-C dyslipidemia (atherogenic dyslipidemia), hypertriglyceridemic waist and high atherogenic index of plasma (AIP >
The correlation of retinol-binding protein-4 and lipoprotein combine index with the prevalence and diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome; Retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4) along with the lipid profile plays crucial roles in Acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The study aimed to investigate the correlation of RBP-4, lipoprotein combine index (LCI), and RBP-4 + LCI with ACS. 163 ACS and 77 non-CAD in patients were consecutively enrolled in this study. The serum level of RBP-4 was measured via enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. LCI was calculated using the formula: total cholesterol x triglyceride x low-density lipoprotein cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. RBP-4 >= 4 ng/ml, LCI >= 16 and LCI >= 16 + RBP-4 >= 4 ng/ml were new independent risk factors of ACS, and OR value of LCI >= 16 + RBP-4 >= 4 ng/ml was higher than that of RBP-4 and LCI combined (all p < 0.05). The AUC for LCI + RBP-4 was higher than that for LCI and RBP-4 individually. The risk of high LCI in 1 lesion vessel was greater than those of 2 or >= 3 lesion vessels (all p < 0.05). In 1 lesion vessel or >= 3 lesion vessels group, the risk associated with LCI and RBP-4 combined was higher than the risk of LCI or RBP-4 alone (all p < 0.05). The risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, smoking and history of MI increased with numbers of vessels lesion (all p < 0.05). Increase in RBP-4 and LCI values were found to be independent risk factors for ACS, and the risk of the combined rise in LCI and RBP-4 values was higher than LCI or RBP-4 alone. The combined tests of LCI and RBP-4 might be a potential diagnostic marker for ACS.
Atherogenic index of plasma and atherogenic coefficient are increased in major depression and bipolar disorder, especially when comorbid with tobacco use disorder; Background: There is a robust comorbidify between mood cl sorclers and cardiovascular disorder (CVD). The atherogenic index of plasma (ALP) and the atherogenic coefficient (AC) are important atherogenic indexes. The aims of this study were to delineate whether AIP and AC are increased in mood disorders especially when comorbid with tobacco use disorder (TUD). Methods: In this case control study we included 134 patients with mood disorders, bipolar disorder and unipolar depression (cases), and 197 individuals without mood disorder (controls) divided into those with and without TUD (defined as never smokers), Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) were measured. RIP and AC were computed as log (TG/HDLc) and non-HDLc/HDLc, respectively. Results: The AIP and AC indexes were significantly increased in patients with mood disorders versus conirols, both in depression and bipolar disorder. PaLienis with mood disorder wiLhoui TUD and paLienis with TUD without mood disorder showed higher ALP and AC values than never smokers while those with comorbid mood disorders and TUD showed significanily higher ALP and AC levels Lhan all other individuals. A large parL of the variance in Lhe AlC (26.4%) and AC (204%) was explained by mood disorders, TUD, male gender and body mass index. Conclusions: The findings suggest that lipid abnormalifics leading Lo an increased aiherogenic poLenLial are involved in the pathophysiology of mood disorders (depression and bipolar disorder) and especially comorbid mood disorder and TUD. The comorbidity between mood disorders and CVD may be partly explained increased through AIP and AC indexes, impacting increments in atherogenic potential. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
LDL/apo B ratio predict coronary heart disease in Type 2 diabetes independent of ASCVD risk score: A case-cohort study; Background and aims: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a major mortality risk factor in patients with diabetes. LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) is a major risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis. There is one apolipoprotein B (ApoB) molecule in each LDL particle. We aimed to evaluate the predictive value of the LDL-C/ApoB ratio for CHD in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods and results: In this case-cohort study (apo)lipoproteins and glycemic indices were measured in 1058 individuals with T2D from February 2002 to March 2019, with a median duration of follow up of 10 years. Of 1058 patients with T2D, coronary heart disease occurred in 242 patients. Increased waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, and hemoglobin A1c, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)/Apolipoprotein B (ApoB) ratio, presence of hypertension and metabolic syndrome, and insulin and statin use were more prevalent among patients with CHD (P < 0.001). Logistic regression analysis showed that an LDL-C/ApoB ratio equal or lower than 1.2 could predict CHD independent of ASCVD risk score [adjusted OR:1.841, CI:1.257-2.698, P < 0.001] when adjusted for multiple confounders. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) did not predict CHD. Conclusion: This study showed that LDL-C/ApoB ratio, but not the atherogenic index of plasma, may be considered as an indicator of CHD independent of the ASCVD risk score in patients with T2D. This finding merits further clarification to optimize preventive strategies for CHD. (c)& nbsp
To what extent are the effects of diet on coronary heart disease lipid-mediated?; Background: Cohort and case-control studies support the effect of diet on coronary heart disease. The objective of this study was to analyze the strength of the influence of dietary fat subtypes and other nutrients on serum lipids levels in patients with a first acute myocardial infarction. Methods: We studied 139 patients with a first myocardial infarction and no previous history of vascular disease. Serum lipids were determined, and nutrient intake was analyzed using a validated 118-food item questionnaire. Results: Multiple regression models found weak but significant associations between the intake of different fatty acids and total to HDL cholesterol ratio (atherogenic index) when we adjusted for age, gender and body mass index (BMI). Positive associations with serum HDL cholesterol concentration were observed for energy-adjusted intake of red wine, alcohol intake, and omega-3 fatty acids intake. However, these nutrients explained less than 12% of the variability in the atherogenic index, and less than 17% in the variability of HDL. Conclusions: Our results suggest only a modest contribution of the investigated nutrients on serum lipids (atherogenic index and HDL cholesterol) in coronary patients. Alternative mechanisms of dietary factors not directly related with serum lipids or, more likely, a global effect of diet on inflammatory and antioxidant parameters should be studied in order to better understand the nature of dietary habits' influence on cardiovascular disease. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prognostic factors in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome concurrent with type 2 diabetes mellitus (according to the results of the registry); Aim. To investigate factors that influence annual prognosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome ((NSTEACS) concurrent with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). Subjects and methods. The registry of patients with NSTEACS (non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), unstable angina) included 415 patients, of them 335 had no carbohydrate metabolic disorders, 80 had DM2. The follow-up period, during which the prognosis was evaluated in the patients, was one year after hospital discharge following the index NSTEACS event. Lipidogram readings and the serum levels of endothelin-1 (ET-1), sP-selectin, sE-selectin, and sPECAM were determined on day 10 after admission to hospital. All the patients underwent coronary angiography (CA), Doppler ultrasound of peripheral arteries during their hospital stay. Results. The patients with DM2 versus those without diabetes proved to be significantly older and to have a higher body mass index
Effect of dapagliflozin on the prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention; Background and aims The effect of dapagliflozin (DAPA) on the prognosis of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is unclear. The present study was conducted to evaluate the association between DAPA administration and adverse events in patients with AMI undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods This single-center retrospective analysis study included a total of 786 patients with AMI from January 2019 to August 2021 who were or were not administered DAPA at discharge. The primary endpoint was the composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), including overall deaths, heart failure, nonfatal MI, nonfatal stroke, and unplanned repeat revascularization (URR). Differences in the triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) both during hospitalization and 12 months after discharge (if achievable) were also compared. Results During a median follow-up of 23 months, 130 patients had MACE (118 in the DAPA-free group and 12 in the DAPA group). Kaplan-Meier survival analyses revealed that the cumulative incidence of MACE (log-rank test, p = 0.009), heart failure (p = 0.003), nonfatal MI (p = 0.005), and URR (p = 0.031) was higher in the DAPA-free group. In addition, the multivariate Cox analysis showed that DAPA was significantly associated with the reduced risk of MACE (hazard ratio = 0.170, 95% confidence interval = 0.078-0.373, p < 0.001). Considering each specific adverse event, the DAPA-free group was associated with heart failure, nonfatal MI, and URR in multivariate Cox regression analyses. Stratification analyses suggested that DAPA has a strong protective effect in patients with AMI of advanced age with concomitant diabetes or those who are not on angiotensin receptor enkephalinase inhibitors. Furthermore, the TyG index and AIP of the patients 12 months after DAPA administration at discharge were significantly lower than those during hospitalization. Conclusions DAPA is an independent protective factor against MACE and may provide incremental prognostic information in patients with AMI undergoing PCI.
A Novel Score for an Old Enemy: Atherogenic Plasma Index Predicts In-Stent Restenosis among Stable Angina Pectoris Patients; Objectives: Although the association of Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) with coronary artery disease (CAD) and atherosclerosis is known, the relationship between AIP and in-stent restenosis (ISR) remains unclear. We aimed to investigate the relationship between AIP and ISR in patients with stable angina pectoris (SAP) treated with drug -eluting stent (DES). Methods: Patients with a history of DES implantation following stable angina were evaluated between January 2015 and November 2019 in this observational and retrospective study. 608 eligible patients were dichotomized into ISR+ (n=241) and ISR- (n=367). ISR was defined as the presence of 50% or greater stenosis. AIP was defined as log [TG/HDL-C]. Results: AIP levels were significantly higher in patients who developed ISR compared with those who did not (0.33 [0.15-0.52] vs 0.06 [-0.08-0.21] respectively, p<0.001). The AUC value of AIP levels for predicting ISR was 0.746 (p<0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that AIP, diabetes mellitus, higher LDL-C levels and lower LVEF values were independently associated with ISR. Conclusion: Multivariate analysis revealed that AIP was strongly independently associated with ISR. Using this novel inexpensive and easily calculable index may provide early recognition of ISR in patients with SAP who were treated with DES.
Predictive nomogram for coronary heart disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; ObjectiveThis study aimed to identify risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), build a clinical prediction model, and draw a nomogram. Study design and methodsCoronary angiography was performed for 1,808 diabetic patients who were recruited at the department of cardiology in The Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University from June 2020 to June 2022. After applying exclusion criteria, 560 patients were finally enrolled in this study and randomly divided into training cohorts (n = 392) and validation cohorts (n = 168). The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) is used to filter features in the training dataset. Finally, we use logical regression to establish a prediction model for the selected features and draw a nomogram. ResultsThe discrimination, calibration, and clinical usefulness of the prediction model were evaluated using the c-index, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration chart, and decision curve. The effects of gender, diabetes duration, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A1, lipoprotein (a), homocysteine, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), nerve conduction velocity, and carotid plaque merit further study. The C-index was 0.803 (0.759-0.847) in the training cohort and 0.775 (0.705-0.845) in the validation cohort. In the ROC curve, the Area Under Curve (AUC) of the training set is 0.802, and the AUC of the validation set is 0.753. The calibration curve showed no overfitting of the model. The decision curve analysis (DCA) demonstrated that the nomogram is effective in clinical practice. ConclusionBased on clinical information, we established a prediction model for CHD in patients with T2DM.
Correlation between atherogenic index and oxidative stress in coronary artery disease patients presenting to a tertiary hospital; Cardiovascular disease (CAD) is now understood to be a complex illness impacted by a person's genetic make-up, as well as their surroundings and mental well-being. Participants with coronary artery disease (CAD) and age- and gender-matched control subjects were compared for levels of lipid parameters, oxidative stress, antioxidant markers, as well as the link between the atherogenic index and oxidative stress. In this study, 62 individuals with clinically confirmed coronary artery disease were compared to 62 healthy controls of same age and sex. FPG was measured, lipid profiles were examined, and oxidative markers like malondialdehyde (MDA), F2 isoprostanes (F2iso), glutathione S-transferase (GST), superoxide dismutase (SOD), vitamin-C, and vitamin-E were measured in the samples collected from the subjects. These tests were performed on the samples collected. Compared to healthy controls, CAD patients had considerably higher levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and anti-inflammatory index (AI) than did healthy individuals, but HDL-c levels in CAD patients were significantly lower. Patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) had higher levels of MDA and F2 isoprostanes, whereas their enzymatic antioxidants GST and SOD and nonenzymatic antioxidants Vitamin-C and Vitamin-E had decreased levels. An important influence on AI was revealed to be the existence of signs of oxidative stress. F2iso and MDA indicators, as well as antioxidants GST, VIT-C and VIT-E all had a substantial impact on the atherogenic index in this study's findings.
Effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Pioglitazone ameliorates insulin resistance, but has an adverse effect of oedema that may result in subsequent heart failure, especially in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. In this study, we evaluated the effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAA) system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. Methods and results: We studied 22 diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and more than 40% of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). Patients were treated with 15 mg of pioglitazone for 12 weeks, in addition to their other hypoglycaemic agents. Pioglitazone significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (155.2 +/- 52.9 mg/dl to 131.1 +/- 38.4 mg/dl, p<0.01) and haemoglobin A1C (7.13 +/- 0.44 to 6.69 +/- 0.47, p<0.001). It did not affect low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but significantly decreased triglyceride (115.6 +/- 28.8 mg/dl to 99.4 +/- 30.0 mg/dl, p<0.05) and atherogenic index of plasma (0.28 +/- 0.17 to 0.19 +/- 0.16, p<0.05). Pioglitazone did not affect plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone, human atrial natriuretic peptide or N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide. Conclusion: Our data suggested that low-dose pioglitazone was a safe and useful agent at least in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and preserved LVEF.
The link between serum neuregulin-1 and atherogenic index in type 2 diabetes mellitus; BackgroundNeuregulin-1(NRG-1) is a protein that belongs to the group of epidermal growth factors. It plays vital roles in anti-fibrotic effects on the myocardium. The current paper explores the role of NRG-1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and its relation to atherogenic index as a factor for increasing cardiovascular disease(CVD) risk.Material and methodsIn this study, 79 diabetes mellitus patients are independent insulin. These patients consisted of 53 females and 26 males their age were ranged 40-67 years. They were divided into two groups depending on the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP). Group I including48 diabetic patient with high risk of CVD and group II including 31 diabetic patients without risk CVD. Forty healthy individuals were included as control.ResultWhen compared to the control group, the serum levels of NRG-1 were significantly lower (p = 0.01). Additionally, group I had a much lower NRG-1level than group II. The results of multiple stepwise regression showed that the only independent predictor for NRG-1 level prediction was AIP (beta = - 0.600, P = 0.040). When comparing the diabetic patients with high risk factors for CVD to the healthy subject group, the AUC was outstanding (AUC = 0.889, P = 0.001) and had a high diagnosis.ConclusionsWe proved low NRG-1 levels in diabetic patients and the association of highest NRG-1 amounts to a better AIP. Moreover, the measurement of NRG-1 levels could be beneficial as laboratory markers to monitor for increasing CVD risk in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cardioprotective Effect of Low Level of LDL Cholesterol on Perioperative Myocardial Injury in Off-Pump Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting; Background and Objectives: Coronary artery disease is still a major cause of death in developed countries. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering with statin therapy is a key strategy in major acute coronary events' prevention. The aim of the study was to establish if there is a cardioprotective effect of pre-operative LDL lowering therapy on perioperative myocaridal injury in patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Moreover, the impact of pre-operative LDL level on long term outcome was analysed. Materials and Methods: The retrospective single center analysis included 662 consecutive patients (431 (65%) males and 231 (35%) female, mean age of 65 +/- 8) referred for cardiac surgery due to stable chronic coronary syndrome between 2012-2018. The follow up was 9 years. Results: A statistically significant difference was found in postoperative serum Troponin-I for LDL thresholds of 1.8 mmol/L (p = 0.009), 2.6 mmol/L (p = 0.03) and 3.0 mmol/L (p = 0.001). The results indicate that cardioprotective role of LDL is achieved within LDL concentration rate below 1.8 mmol/L (<70 mg/dL). Five patients died perioperatively, whereas 1-year and 9-year overall mortality rates were 4% (n = 28) and 18.6% (n = 123), respectively. Comparing the survival group with diseased, Mann-Whitney U test showed a statistically significant difference in HDL-C (p = 0.007), Troponin (p = 0.009), Castelli index (p = 0.001) and atherogenic index (p = 0.004). Preoperative levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C and HDL-C did not significantly differ between survivors and diseased. The 9-year mortality risk did not differ significantly between subgroups divided according to LDL-C thresholds of 1.4 mmol/L (55 mg/dL), 1.8 mmol/L (70 mg/dL), 2.6 mmol/L (100 mg/dL) and 3.0 mmol/L (116 mg/dL). Conclusions: Preoperative low level of LDL-C cholesterol (below 1.83 mmol/L, 70 mg/dL) has a cardioprotective effect on perioperative myocardial injury in off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
The logarithm of the triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol ratio is related to the history of cardiovascular disease in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia; Objectives: The aim of this study was to determine whether the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP = log [triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol]) differs in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) patients with and without a history of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Design and methods: A total of 555 FH patients with known mutations in the LDL receptor or the apolipoprotein B gene, of whom 53 had a history of CVD (CVD+ group), were retrospectively analyzed. Results: Compared to patients without CVD (CVD- group), CVD+ patients showed significantly higher fasting LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides and AIP as well as lower HDL-cholesterol. After both adjustment for age and diabetes and using analysis based on age and sex matched groups, only the increase in triglycerides and AIP in the CVD+ vs. the CVD- group remained significant. Conclusion: The results of the present study indicate that AIP, which reflects the presence of atherogenic small LDL and small HDL particles, may be connected to the risk of CVD in FH patients. (C) 2011 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intakes of Dairy and Soy Products and 10-Year Coronary Heart Disease Risk in Korean Adults; Dairy and soy products are healthy food. However, studies have reported conflicting results associating their intake with coronary heart disease (CHD). Thus, this study determined the association between intake of dairy or soy products and 10-year CHD risk. Participants aged 40 similar to 69 years were grouped into those who consumed dairy products (more or less than twice a week) and those who consumed soy products (more or less than twice a week). Ten-year CHD risk (%), atherogenic index (AI), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were calculated. The CHD risk, according to the level of dairy and soy product intake, was expressed as an odds ratio (OR) and a confidence interval (CI). Significant differences were observed in sex, age, education, income, and living area according to dairy intake frequencies, whereas only age showed significant differences according to soy products' intake frequencies. Relative effects of Framingham Risk Score (FRS) factors on 10-year CHD risk in Korean adults were found to be significant in the order of age, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), smoking, blood total cholesterol (TC), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diabetes, and sex. Overall, participants who consumed dairy products >= 2/week had a significantly lower OR of 10-year CHD risk compared to those who consumed dairy products <2/week after adjusting for confounding factors (OR: 0.742, 95% CI: 0.619 to 0.890). Otherwise, intake of soy products >= 2/week tended to decrease the OR of 10-year CHD risk, although the decrease was not statistically significant. In conclusion, Korean adults who consumed dairy products >= 2/week had higher HDL-C and lower 10-year CHD risk than those who consumed dairy products <2/week. However, these results did not appear when consuming soy products.
Relations Between Atherogenic Index of Plasma, Ratio of Small Dense Low Density Lipoprotein/Lecithin Cholesterol Acyl Transferase and Ratio of Small Dense Low Density Lipoprotein/Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein of Controlled and Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes Melitus; BACKGROUND: Patients with Diabetes Melitus are proven to be prone to atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease, especially type 2 Diabetes Melitus (T2DM) patient who have higher risk and mortality for cardiovascular risk factor. The Dyslipidemia condition is very common in T2DM as one of the risk factors. Diabetic dyslipidemia is marked by the increased triglyceride (TG), low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and increased small dense LDL and apolipoprotein B. Therefore the aim of this study is to assess the differential and correlation between Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), ratio of small dense low density lipoprotein (sdLDL)/lecithin cholesterol acyl transferase (LCAT) and ratio of sdLDL/cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) of controlled and uncontrolled T2DM. METHODS: This study was observational with cross sectional design. In total of 72 patients with T2DM consist of 36 controlled and 36 uncontrolled, participated in this study. The serum TG, HDL-C, sdLDL, LCAT and CETP were examined in their relationship with to T2DM risk. RESULTS: The results of the study indicate that the AIP (p < 0,001) increase controlled and uncontrolled T2DM and the ratio of sdLDL/CETP (p = 0,004), odds ratio of AIP was 4 (95% C. I : 1,501-10,658) and odds ratio of sdLDL/CETP ratio was 4 (95% C. I : 1,50110,658) in uncontrolled T2DM. CONCLUSION: This study showed that the A IP and ratio of small dense LDL/CETP had a significant correlation with the uncontrolled T2DM. The AIP and ratio of small dense LDL/CETP increase was found at the uncontrolled T2DM to be 4 times greater than the controlled T2DM.
<i>PCSK9</i> E670G (rs505151) Variant and Coronary Artery Disease Risk Among Diabetics; Background: Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) is an enzyme in the family of proprotein convertases implicated in lipid metabolism and is a significant genetic risk factor in cardiovascular diseases among various populations. Aim of the Study: This study explored the correlation between the alleles of the rs505151 (E670G) locus of the PCSK9 gene and its expression levels with coronary artery disease (CAD) risk in Egyptian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Subjects and Methods: A case-control study was performed on 112 lean subjects compared to 100 T2DM patients without CAD and 84 T2DM patients with CAD to investigate the relationships among PCSK9 expression levels, the E670G (rs505151) gene variant, lipid concentrations, and CAD risk in an Egyptian diabetic population. A restriction fragment length polymorphism-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay was used to assess the gene polymorphism, and PCSK9 mRNA expression was determined by quantitative real-time PCR. Results: The prevalence of the E670G (rs505151) AG genotype in diabetics with CAD was significantly greater than the other two groups. The PCSK9 gene expression levels in diabetics with CAD were significantly greater than the other two groups. G allele carriers (AG+GG) had a higher relative PCSK9 expression than A allele carriers. Conclusion: PCSK9 relative expression levels and the E670G (rs505151) AG genotype are CAD risk factors among Egyptian diabetics and are linked positively to the atherogenic index of plasma.
The association between the AIP and undiagnosed diabetes in ACS patients with different body mass indexes and LDL-C levels: findings from the CCC-ACS project; Background The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) has been demonstrated to be significantly associated with the incidence of prediabetes and diabetes. This study aimed to investigate the association between the AIP and undiagnosed diabetes in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients. Methods Among 113,650 ACS patients treated with coronary angiography at 240 hospitals in the Improving Care for Cardiovascular Disease in China-ACS Project from 2014 to 2019, 11,221 patients with available clinical and surgical information were included. We analyzed these patients' clinical characteristics after stratification according to AIP tertiles, body mass index (BMI) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Results The AIP was independently associated with a greater incidence of undiagnosed diabetes. The undiagnosed diabetes was significantly greater in the T3 group than in the T1 group after adjustment for confounders [T3 OR 1.533 (1.199-1.959) p < 0.001]. This relationship was consistent within normal weight patients and patients with an LDL-C level >= 1.8 mmol/L. In overweight and obese patients, the AIP was significantly associated with the incidence of undiagnosed diabetes as a continuous variable after adjustment for age, sex, and BMI but not as a categorical variable. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of the AIP score, triglyceride (TG) concentration, and HDL-C concentration was 0.601 (0.581-0.622
Estradiol/Testosterone Imbalance: Impact on Coronary Heart Disease Risk Factors in Postmenopausal Women; Objective: Several groups have reported the important role of the estradiol/testosterone (E-2/T) ratio in benign prostatic hyperplasia and cerebral vessels. However, there has been no study on the role of the E-2/T ratio in women with coronary heart disease (CHD). This study aimed to evaluate the association among the ratio of sex hormones and known risk factors of atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women with CHD. Methods: 114 controls and 124 postmenopausal women with CHD were selected for this study. Serum levels of estradiol, testosterone, aromatase, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), lipid-lipoprotein profile and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were determined. Results: Compared with the control, the E-2/T ratio decreased from 5.35 +/- 2.78 to 3.88 +/- 2.51 (p < 0.0001). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that the E-2/T ratio was negatively associated with total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and the atherogenic index of plasma, but positively associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) and HDL-c/LDL-c (for all, p < 0.0001). We found that there was a negative correlation between the E-2/T ratio and aromatase (r = -0.192, p = 0.032) and a positive correlation between aromatase and SHBG (r = 0.938). Conclusion:The balance of the serum E-2/T ratio was broken in the women with CHD, and an imbalanced E-2/T ratio showed a strong association with cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with CH D. Copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Signal and Image Processing for Early Detection of Coronary Artery Diseases: A Review; Today biomedical signals and image based detection are a basic step to diagnose heart diseases, in particular, coronary artery diseases. The goal of this work is to provide non-invasive early detection of Coronary Artery Diseases relying on analyzing images and ECG signals as a combined approach to extract features, further classify and quantify the severity of detection of coronary artery diseases by using B-spline methods. In an aim of creating a prototype of screening biomedical imaging for coronary arteries to help cardiologists to decide the kind of treatment needed to reduce or control the risk of heart attack.
Exploring the Associations Between Non-Traditional Lipid Parameters and Epicardial Adipose Tissue Volume; The aim of this retrospective study was to determine the relationship between non-traditional lipid parameters and epicardial adipose tissue (EAT). A total of 770 patients with coronary computed tomography angiography examinations were included. The non-traditional lipid parameters included the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the atherogenic coefficient (AC), monocyte to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (MHR), and lipoprotein combined index (LCI). To investigate the association between non-conventional lipid markers and the EAT-volume (EAT-v), a univariate and multivariate analyses were conducted. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was used to compare the predictive ability among the four non-traditional lipid parameters. In the univariate analysis, we identified factors that might have effects on EAT-v (all P<.05) and adjusted for these in the multivariate analysis. We found that except for MHR, other non-traditional lipid parameters were still associated with high EAT-v after adjustment (all P<.05). In the ROC analysis, the area under the curve (AUC) of AIP was greater than that of other non-traditional lipid parameters and lipid profiles. There was an association between both non-traditional lipid parameters and EAT-v. After adjustment, the AIP remained an independent predictor of EAT-v and it outperformed other non-traditional lipid parameters.
Impact of arsenic exposure on clinical biomarkers indicative of cardiovascular disease risk in Mexican women; An appropriate and precise identification of high-risk individuals to develop cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is of high importance to reduce these kinds of diseases, a major health concern worldwide. Therefore, the aim of this research was to evaluate prognostic CVD biomarkers in Mexican women exposed to inorganic arsenic via drinking water. Then, a cross-sectional study including 190 women was achieved. Urinary arsenic (UAs) levels were analyzed as exposure biomarker to that metalloid. While, plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (FABP4), adiponectin, and chemerin levels, hypertriglyceridemic waist (HW) phenotype, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), and Framingham risk score (FRS) were assessed as prognostic CVD biomarkers. Mean UAs level detected in the evaluated urinary samples was 45.0 +/- 40.0 mu g/g creatinine. In addition, mean plasma ADMA, FABP4, chemerin and adiponectin levels were 0.68 mu mol/L, 20.3 ng/mL, 12.5 mu g/mL, and 255 ng/mL, correspondingly. Approximately, 54% of women participants displayed an HW phenotype. Regarding AIP and FRS values, 0.12 +/- 0.15 and 7.50 +/- 8.00 were found, respectively. Besides, strong and significant associations (p < 0.05) between UAs and AIP, ADMA, and FABP4 were distinguished. Also, after a multivariate analysis, the association between those variables persisted after adjustment for traditional risk factors of CVD. In conclusion, according to the results found in this research, the most sensible CVD biomarkers distinguished in this study were AIP, ADMA, and FABP4. Nevertheless, more studies are necessary to confirm the results found in this investigation.
Paraoxonase 1 Activity, Lipid Profile, and Atherogenic Indexes Status in Coronary Heart Disease; Background: Dyslipidemia is considered an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, we examined lipid profiles and paraoxonase 1 (PON1) activity and atherogenic indexes status and the relationship of PON1 activity by high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and atherogenic indexes in CHD patients and healthy people. Methods: The aim of the study was to compare PON1, lipid profiles, and atherogenic indexes in CHD patients and healthy people as controls. This study enrolled 50 CHD patients and 50 matched healthy controls. Serum activities of PON1 and levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and atherogenic indexes were analyzed. Data were analyzed by unpaired Student's t tests. Coefficients of correlation were calculated using Pearson's correlation analysis. Results: Levels of TG, TC, LDL, VLDL, FBG, and atherogenic indexes, atherogenic coefficients, and cardiac risk ratios were significantly greater in CHD patients than in controls. Paraoxonase 1 activity and HDL-C levels were significantly less in CHD patients than in controls. Also, PON1 activity correlated positively with HDLC and negatively with atherogenic coefficient, and cardiac risk ratios 1 and 2 in CHD patients. Conclusions: This study showed that CHD is associated with high lipid levels and atherogenic indexes, and low PON1 activity and HDL-C concentrations. Coronary heart disease is a pernicious disease requiring prolonged medical management and hypolipidemic drugs.
Vitamin D was Superior to Omega-3 as a Simvastatin Adjuvant in Improving Blood Lipids and Atherogenic Index in Type-I Dyslipidemic Rats; Objectives: Adjuvant therapy is often used to optimize the antihyperlipidemic effect of simvastatin. Omega-3 and vitamin D supplementation are recommended as adjuvant therapies to low-intensity statins. This study aimed to compare the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 as adjuvant therapy to simvastatin to improve the lipid profiles and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in type-I dyslipidemic rats. Materials and Methods: Thirty-six male rats were randomized and divided into six groups: healthy control, dyslipidemic rats with no treatment, and dyslipidemic rats treated with either low-dose simvastatin only or omega-3 or vitamin D at low and high doses. Dyslipidemia was induced with high-fat diets for four weeks, followed by treatment for the next two weeks. Blood samples were withdrawn before and after simvastatin treatment. In addition, aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) levels were analyzed to assess liver function. Results: Administration of a high-fat diet-induced type 1 dyslipidemia and increased ALT levels (p < 0.05). Treatment with low-dose simvastatin did not significantly improve triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) or non-HDLc levels. When combined with a high-dose vitamin D, simvastatin significantly reduced TG and increased HDLc levels (p < 0.05), thereby improving AIP levels. This improvement was not observed in rats treated with omega-3 or vitamin D at a lower dose. Conclusion: We concluded that high-dose vitamin D as an adjuvant to simvastatin therapy was superior to omega-3 in improving TG, HDL, and AIP levels. High-dose vitamin D also improved ALT levels in type-I dyslipidemic rats. This result may be translated in clinics to reduce the risk of coronary syndrome in patients with type-I dyslipidemia.
Evaluating the use of novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in predicting the risk of coronary artery disease: a case-control investigation with comparison to traditional biomarkers; Background Due to the contribution of coronary artery disease (CAD) to serious cardiovascular events, determining biomarkers that could robustly predict its risk would be of utmost importance. Thus, this research was designed to assess the value of traditional cardio-metabolic indices, and more novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in the identification of individuals at risk of CAD. Methods A case-control survey was conducted, in which 3085 individuals were enrolled. Their clinical and biochemical data were gathered at baseline. The investigated indices included the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, TyG-body mass index (TyG-BMI), lipoprotein combine index (LCI), cholesterol index (CHOLINDEX), Castelli's risk indices-I, II (CRI-I, CRI-II), and metabolic score for insulin resistance (METS - IR). To examine the relationship between these variables and CAD risk, multiple regression analyses adjusted for potential confounders were conducted. Results Overall, 774 angiographically confirmed CAD patients (mean age = 54 years) were compared with 3085 controls (mean age = 51 years). Higher triglyceride, total cholesterol and fasting blood sugar levels and lower HDL-C levels were related to an elevated risk of CAD (P-for-trend < 0.001), while the direct association between increased serum LDL-C concentrations and a greater risk of CAD only became apparent when excluding those with diabetes, and statin users. Among novel indices, greater values of the majority of these markers, including AIP, CRI-I, and -II, CHOLINDEX, LCI, and TyG-index, in comparison to the lower values, significantly elevated CAD risk (P-for-trend < 0.001). Conclusion According to the current findings, novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers, in particular, AIP, CRI-I and II, CHOLINDEX, LCI, and TyG-index, may be useful in predicting CAD risk.
Clinical Utility of the Logarithmically Transformed Ratio of Triglycerides-to- High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol and Its Relationship with Other Atherosclerosis-Related Lipid Factors in Type 2 Diabetes; Background: Elevated triglyceride (TG) levels and reduced high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) levels indicate lipid abnormalities, but their levels alone do not reflect the actual status of plasma atherogenicity and cardiovascular disease risk (CVD). TG and HDL-c levels directly affect the balance between plasma atherogenic and antiatherogenic factors, as well as values of the atherogenic index of plasma [AIP (logarithmically transformed ratio of TG-to-HDL-c)]. The aim of this study was to evaluate the AIP risk categories (an indicator of plasma atherogenicity) and the relationships of AIP with other atherosclerosis-related lipid parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and their potential clinical utility. Methods: Standard lipid profile, AIP, and lipid hydroperoxides (LOOH) were investigated in 124 T2DM outpatients (mean age 52.7 +/- 5.9 years) and 61 healthy subjects (mean age 50.9 +/- 6.8 years). T2DM patients were subclassified according to the AIP risk category and glycemic control. Results: Higher levels of AIP, LOOH, and TG and lower HDL-c (all P < 0.0001) were observed in T2DM patients than in the control group. AIP positively correlated with LOOH, non-HDL-c, and the non-HDL/HDL ratio (all P < 0.0001). The TG level was strongly correlated with the LOOH level among T2DM patients (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: The close association of AIP with other atherosclerosis-related lipid factors reveals an increased plasma atherogenicity. AIP risk categories indicate the actual status of plasma atherogenicity and identify subjects who are at an increased atherogenic risk and the development of CVD. In this respect, AIP has a promising future in routine clinical practice.
Kale juice improves coronary artery disease risk factors in hypercholesterolemic men; Objective To evaluate the effect of 3-month kale (Brassica oleracea acephala) juice supplementation on coronary artery disease risk factors among hypercholesterolemic men. Methods Thirty-two men with hypercholesterolemia (> 200 mg/dL) were recruited after annual health examinations among the faculty and staff at university. The subjects consumed 150 mL of kale juice per day for a 12-week intervention period. Dietary and anthropometric assessments were performed and blood samples were collected to evaluate biochemical profiles before and after supplementation. Results Serum concentrations of HDL-cholesterol, and HDL- to LDL-cholesterol ratio were significantly increased by 27% (P<0.0001) and 52% (P<0.0001), respectively. The LDL-cholesterol concentration and the atherogenic index were significantly reduced by 10% (P=0.0007) and 24.2% (P<0.0001), respectively without affecting body mass index, waist and hip circumferences, or nutrient intakes after three months of supplementation. While there was no difference in the concentration of malondialdehyde, significant increase in glutathione peroxidase activity (P=0.0005) were accompanied by a significant increase in the serum selenium level (P=0.0132). It was also found that the responses of these risk factors to kale juice administration were dependent on smoking status. Conclusion Regular meals supplementation with kale juice can favorably influence serum lipid profiles and antioxidant systems, and hence contribute to reduce the risks of coronary artery disease in male subjects with hyperlipidemia.
12 Weeks' aerobic and resistance training without dietary intervention did not influence oxidative stress but aerobic training decreased atherogenic index in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation; Our aim was to determine whether 12 weeks' aerobic Nordic walking (NW) or resistance exercise training (RT) without diet-induced weight loss could decrease oxidative stress and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and MetS score in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) (n = 144. 54.5 +/- 6.5 years). In addition, we compared effects of intervention between overweight and obese subgroups. Prevalence of MetS and AIP index decreased only in NW group and MetS score in both NW and RT groups but not in control group. The changes in AIP index correlated inversely with changes in plasma antioxidant capacity. The change in AIP index remained a significant independent predictor of the changes in MetS score after the model was adjusted for age, BMI and volume of exercise (MET h/week) in NW group. There were no changes in the other measured markers of oxidative stress and related cytokines (e.g. osteopontin and osteoprotegerin) in any of the groups. Nordic walking decreased prevalence of MetS and MetS score. Improved lipid profile remained a predictor of decreased MetS score only in NW group and it seems that Nordic walking has more beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease risks than RT training. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Genotype and phenotype of salt-stimulated paraoxonase 1 (PON1) is associated with atherogenic indices in type 2 diabetes; Background Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) and lipid abnormalities contribute to the development of cardiovascular disease, which is the principal cause of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Data are not available on the potential association between salt-stimulated activity of PON (PON1-salt) and the atherogenic indices in T2D, therefore, we focused on these associations and evaluated whether the functional variants PON1-Q192R and PON1-L55M influence the associations. Methods Paraoxonase activity (PON1-para), arylesterase activity (PON1-aryl) and salt-stimulated activity (PON1-salt) were measured by spectrophotometric assays. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated from the log (TG/HDL-C). The genetic analyses were made by the restricted fragment length polymorphism after PCR amplification. Results We observed that PON1-salt was negatively correlated with total cholesterol (TC)/HDL-C (r = -0.441, p = 0.006), LDLC/HDL-C (r = -0.415, p = 0.011), and AIP (r = -0.422, p = 0.009). Correlations between PON1-salt and all three atherogenic indices were significantly affected by PON1-L55M and PON 1-Q192R. Linear regression showed that AIP (p = 0.002), LDL-C/ HDL-C (p = 0.005), and TC/HDL-C (p = 0.002) were independently associated with PON1-salt. Based on Ridge regression, the standardized coefficients -0.358, -0.297, and -0.044 were obtained for AIP, LDL-C/HDL-C, and TC/HDL-C, respectively, and this shows that ATP could have more negative effect on PON1-salt than the others. Conclusions The decreased PON1-salt may be considered as a risk factor for atherosclerosis in T2D, therefore, understanding the associations between PON1-salt as an important although neglected property and atherogenic indices may be valuable in T2D. Accordingly, detection of PON1-salt status (phenotype and genotype) together with the atherogenic indices particularly AIP could be beneficial in identifying the increased atherogenicity in T2D.
<i>L</i>. <i>vannamei</i> shells reduces atherogenic index of plasma: A preclinical study in diabetic rats; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) appears to be the fundamental cause of morbidity and mortality in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Improving the level of lipoprotein ratios using natural ingredients was widely used. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine antioxidant source-Litopenaeus vannamei shell powder (LVSP) to rebalance the lipoprotein ratios in diabetic rats. METHODS: A-14 days prior to streptozotocin (STZ) injection, male Wistar rats (n = 30) were evenly grouped into non-intervention (C-), pre-intervention high-fat diet (C+), pre-intervention high-fat diet with LVSP dose 0.89 g/body weight (BW), pre-intervention high-fat diet with LVSP dose 1.77 g/BW (T2), and pre-intervention high-fat diet with astaxanthin 0.09 mg/BW (T3). RESULTS: Areduction of LDL, total cholesterol (TC), and TC/HDL, LDL/HDL, andLDL/TC ratio was observed (p < 0.001). A negative, strong correlation was found between the change of adiponectin to the change of TC (r=-0.94), LDL (r=-0.92), TC/HDL (r=-0.94), LDL/HDL (r=-0.91), and LDL/TC (r=-0.82). The magnitude of improvement showed a dose-dependent manner, and the high dose delineated a comparable effect to astaxanthin. CONCLUSION: The present study brought a profound finding on the potential of LV to reduce cardiovascular index in T2DM rats.
Is it possible to predict the complexity of peripheral artery disease with atherogenic index?; Objectives Lower extremity peripheral artery disease develops mainly due to atherosclerosis and occurs as a result of the systemic atherosclerotic process. Increased triglyceride (TG) and decreased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) values increase atherosclerosis risk. With regard to this information, TG/HDL-C ratio is used as the atherogenic index. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the role of TG/HDL-C ratio to predict the complexity of disease in patients with peripheral artery disease. Methods Patients who were diagnosed with peripheral artery disease and admitted to our clinic between August 2013 and August 2019 were included in this study retrospectively. Patients were divided into two groups based on angiographic evaluations with TransAtlantic Inter-Society Consensus-II classification. Those with TASC A-B lesions were included in Group 1 and those with TASC C-D lesions constituted Group 2. Results The mean ages of Group 1 (n = 314) and Group 2 (n = 98) patients were 56.1 +/- 9.3 and 58.4.1 +/- 8.1 years, respectively. The frequency of male gender and coronary artery disease was significantly higher in Group 2 (p = 0.043, p = 0.001, respectively). In Group 2, triglyceride and TG/HDL-C ratios were significantly high, while HDL-C was significantly low (p = 0.022, p < 0.001, p = 0.010, respectively). The multivariate logistic regression analysis performed to evaluate the parameters in predicting the angiographic complexity of peripheral artery disease showed that coronary artery disease (OR: 1.009 CI 95%: 1.003-1.021 p = 0.016) and TG/HDL-C ratio (OR: 5.385 CI 95%: 2.553-9.357 p = 0.001) were independent predictors for complexity. ROC analysis revealed that the cut-off value of TG/HDL-C was 2.9 (AUC = 0.670, p < 0.001) with 75.5% sensitivity and 56.7% specificity. Conclusions It is possible to predict the angiographic complexity of peripheral artery disease with TG/HDL-C ratio, also known as atherogenic index, which is easily obtained by routine biochemical parameters.
Assessment of Atherogenic Indicus in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Worldwide, Diabetes mellitus is the most common chronic disorder and risk factor for Coronary Artery Disease (CAD). The atherogenic indices including atherogenic index of plasma is a novel indicator of diabetic dyslipidemia, which is equivalent to the risk predictor of CAD. Aim: To compare the atherogenic indices including atherogenic index of plasma, cardiac risk ratio and atherogenic coefficient in individuals with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and in control group. Materials and Methods: The present study included 280 participants
Relationship of HbA1c with plasma atherogenic index and non-HDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Purpose Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The plasma atherogenic index (PAI) has been suggested as a novel marker of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease. The present study is conducted to investigate the relationship between glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), non-HDL (high-density lipoprotein) cholesterol, and atherogenic index within patients with T2DM. Materials and methods A total of 4252 patients with T2DM were screened retrospectively and parameters including glucose, HbA1c, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglyceride, TSH, age, and gender were recorded. Non-HDL cholesterol and PAI were calculated as follows: PAI = TG divided by HDL cholesterol non-HDL = total cholesterol-HDL cholesterol Results Mean age was 57.06 +/- 11.39 years. Mean HbA1c was 8.49 +/- 1.86%, PAI ratio was 4.12 +/- 3.88 mg/dl, and mean non-HDL cholesterol was 156.50 +/- 45.39 mg/dl. Non-HDL cholesterol (r = 0.427
A Risk-Stratification Machine Learning Framework for the Prediction of Coronary Artery Disease Severity: Insights From the GESS Trial; Our study aims to develop a data-driven framework utilizing heterogenous electronic medical and clinical records and advanced Machine Learning (ML) approaches for: (i) the identification of critical risk factors affecting the complexity of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD), as assessed via the SYNTAX score
Unraveling the understudied influence of a lead variant in the 9p21 locus on the atherogenic index among type 2 diabetes patients with coronary artery disease; IntroductionThe region on chromosome 9p21 has consistently been identified in genome-wide association studies (GWAS) as the top locus for type 2 diabetes (T2D), however, genetic variations in this locus affecting both T2D and coronary artery disease (CAD) require further characterized. Our aim was to assess the effects of rs10811661, a variant validated in GWAS, on log (TG/HDL-C), which has been associated with an atherogenic lipid profile.MethodsA total of 121 patients with T2D who underwent coronary angiographic examination were included in this study. The patients were categorized into two groups, those with angiographically normal coronary arteries or less than 50% stenosis (non-CAD) and those having at least 70% stenosis in one of the main coronary arteries (severe CAD). The rs10811661 variant was genotyped using the restricted fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis after PCR amplification.ResultsWhen the data was divided into tertiles according to HbA1c, our findings revealed that in tertile 3 (HbA1c >= 7.8%), the frequency of TT genotypes was higher compared to CT + CC genotypes (37.1% vs. 27.8%). T2D patients with CAD who carried the TT genotype had higher concentrations of log (TG/HDL) (p = 0.037) and TG (p = 0.003) compared to those with the C allele (CC or CT genotypes). After adjustment for covariates, the T allele of rs10811661 indicated significant associations with TG (OR = 1.66, 95% CI: 1.22-2.33, p = 0.002) and log (TG/HDL-C) (OR = 1.12, 95% CI: 1.02-2.13, p = 0.023) levels.ConclusionOur findings provide insight into how a GWAS-validated variant, rs10811661, can influence atherogenicity in patients with T2D and establish a link between this functional variant in the 9p21 locus and lipid factors associated with atherosclerosis. Further investigations are needed to understand the mechanisms by which this important variant influences lipid and lipoprotein levels, which could be useful in developing personalized medicine interventions.
RISK-FACTORS IN NORMOLIPIDEMIC MALE-PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE IN JAPANESE; We examined serum lipids, lipoproteins, apolipoproteins (Apo), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), C4b-binding protein (C4bp) and lathosterol in 22 normolipidemic (serum total cholesterol <220 mg/dl and serum triglycerides <150 mg/dl) male patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and 33 normal male subjects. Many of the patients in the CAD group with normal total cholesterol (T-Ch) and triglycerides (TG) had higher TG, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-Ch, beta-lipoprotein (Lipo) and Apo B values and lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-Ch, Apo A-I and Apo A-II values than those of the control group. Differences were also observed in the beta-Lipo/HDL-Ch, Apo B/Apo A-I, and HDL-Ch ratios and the atherogenic index [A.I.=(T-Ch-HDL-Ch)/HDL-Ch], all of which are generally accepted as indices for atherosclerosis. Even in CAD patients with normolipidemia, the HDL-Ch/T-Ch ratio and A.I. seemed to be important risk factors. In addition, Lp(a) and lathosterol, an accepted indicator of whole-body cholesterol synthesis, were higher in the CAD group. The CAD group also appeared to have a higher C4bp value, suggesting that this parameter is correlated with other lipids.
The Association of Triglyceride Glucose index for Coronary Artery Disease in Postmenopausal Women; This study aimed to explore the association between the triglyceride glucose (TyG) index and coronary artery disease (CAD) in postmenopausal women. This study enrolled 869 postmenopausal women and classified them into two groups: CAD group (n = 538) and control group (n = 331). The TyG index was significantly higher in patients with CAD than in controls (P < 0.05).Receiver operator characteristic curves showed that the TyG index was more discriminative for CAD than for control group, and after adjusting for the traditional clinical prognostic factors, including age (>60 years), diabetes, ischemic stroke, systolic blood pressure (>= 140), and ejection fraction (<50%), we found that the TyG index could be an independent risk factor for CAD (P < 0.05). The risk of increased TyG index was greater in the 50 years subgroup (P < 0.05). The TyG index may be a valuable clinical predictor of CAD risk in postmenopausal women.
Correlation between Calcium and Phosphate Levels to Calculus Accumulation on Coronary Heart Disease Patients; Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) or Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) is a disease that happened because of blood flow being blocked by atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is a process of hardening of the arteries which characterized by thickening and loss of elasticity of the intimal layer of vascular wall, by lipid deposit. Periodontitis is a chronic multifactorial inflammatory disease caused by microorganism and characterized by progressive destruction of the tooth supporting apparatus leading to tooth loss. Many studies use saliva as a valuable source for clinically information, as an asset for early diagnosis, prognostic and reviewer for pascatherapy status. Dental calculus had happened as a consequence of saliva supersaturation by calcium and phosphate. Salivary flow rate and its composition influence the formation of calculus. Increasing salivary calcium levels is characteristic of periodontitis patients. An important hipotesis in Cardiology is chronic infections contribute in atherosclerosis. Objective: To analyse the correlation between calcium and phosphate levels in saliva to calculus accumulation on CHD patients. Result: Correlation analysis between salivary calcium levels with calculus accumulation in patients with CHD and non-CHD showed no significant p value, p=0.59 and p=0.518. Correlation analysis between salivary phosphate levels and calculus accumulation showed no significant p value, p=0.836 for CHD patients and p=0.484 for non-CHD patients. Conclusion: There are no correlation between calcium levels and phosphate levels with calculus accumulation in CHD patients. Further research need to be done.
The predictive value of nontraditional lipid parameters for intracranial and extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis: a hospital-based observational study in China; BackgroundIschemic strokes are primarily caused by intracranial and extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis. Nontraditional lipid parameters broaden traditional lipid profiles, better reflect the metabolism and interaction between different lipid components, and optimize the predictive ability of lipid profiles for atherosclerotic diseases. This research was carried out to investigate the predictive value of nontraditional lipid parameters for intracranial or extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis.MethodsThe investigation collected data from inpatients who underwent cervical vascular ultrasonography, carotid CTA, cerebral artery CTA or MRA, and brain MRI or CT from December 2014 to December 2021. The nontraditional lipid parameters were calculated by collecting traditional lipid parameters. To evaluate the predictive power of nontraditional lipid parameters, logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses were performed.ResultsBased on the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 545 patients were included. According to the imaging results, inpatients were divided into two groups, including no intracranial or extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (n = 250) and intracranial or extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (AS, n = 295). Among them, AS was further divided into three subgroups: intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (ICAS), extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (ECAS) and combined intracranial and extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (IECAS). Logistic regression analysis showed that nontraditional lipid parameters, including the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), TG/HDL-C, remnant cholesterol (RC), nonhigh-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), lipoprotein combine index (LCI), atherogenic coefficient (AC), Castelli's index-I (CRI-I) and Castelli's index-II (CRI-II), were significantly correlated with intracranial or extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (P < 0.05). Compared with other nontraditional lipid parameters, regardless of adjusting for potential confounding factors, AIP had a greater OR value in ICAS (OR = 4.226, 95% CI: 1.681-10.625), ECAS (OR = 2.993, 95% CI: 1.119-8.003) and IECAS (OR = 4.502, 95% CI: 1.613-12.561). ROC curve analysis revealed that nontraditional lipid parameters had good predictive power for intracranial or extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis.ConclusionsThis Chinese hospital-based study demonstrates that nontraditional lipid parameters (AIP, LCI, RC, CRI-II, AC, CRI-I and non-HDL-C) are effective predictors of intracranial and extracranial atherosclerotic stenosis, of which AIP may be a significant risk factor for predicting atherosclerotic arterial stenosis in the intracranial or extracranial regions.
Impact of Atherogenic Indexes in Saphenous Vein Graft Stenosis; Background: Saphenous vein grafts (SVG) are frequently used in patients that have undergone coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Objectives: To evaluate the relationship between atherogenic indexes and SVG stenosis. Methods: Altogether, 534 patients (27.7% women, mean age 65 +/- 8.4 years) that underwent CABG and elective coronary angiography were included in the study. Patients with at least one SVG stenosis >= 50% were allocated to the stenosis group SVG (+) (n=259) and patients without stenosis were categorized as SVG (-) (n=275). Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and atherogenic coefficient (AC) were calculated from the patients' routine lipid parameters. The level of significance was p<0.05. Results: The number of patients with a history of hypertension (HT), diabetes mellitus (DM), stroke, and heart failure was significantly higher in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. Total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C were significantly higher and HDL-C was lower in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. AIP (p<0.001) and AC (p<0.001) were significantly higher in the SVG (+) group than in the SVG (-) group. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis show that both AIP and AC were better than HDL-C, LDL-C and non-HDL-C at predicting SVG stenosis. In the multivariate analysis, history of DM, HT, stroke, heart failure (HF), number of saphenous grafts, HDL-C, LDL-C, non-HDL-C, AIP and AC were found to be independent risk factors for SVG stenosis. Conclusion: AIP and AC were independent predictors of SVG stenosis. Moreover, both AIP and AC have better performance in predicting SVG stenosis than LDL-C, HDL-C and non-HDL-C.
Lipid Pentad Index: A novel bioindex for evaluation of lipid risk factors for atherosclerosis in young adolescents and children of premature coronary artery disease patients in India; Objective: To evaluate the role of non-conventional lipid risk factors like Lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], Apolipoprotein A-I (Apo A-I) and Apolipoprotein B-100 (Apo B-100) and other conventional lipid profile parameters in children and adolescents of premature coronary artery disease (CAD) patients in India
LIPOPROTEIN-RELATED CORONARY RISK-FACTORS IN PATIENTS WITH ANGIOGRAPHICALLY DEFINED CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE AND CONTROLS - IMPROVED GROUP SEPARATION BY INDEXES REFLECTING THE BALANCE BETWEEN LOW-DENSITY AND HIGH-DENSITY-LIPOPROTEINS; To elucidate the extent to which some common coronary risk factors and ratios estimating the balance between low- and high-density lipoproteins (LDL and HDL) might help distinguish between coronary patients and controls, serum total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL(c)), apolipoprotein A (apo A) and apolipoprotein B (apo B) levels were determined in 46 patients with angiographically proven coronary artery disease (group CAD), 52 subjects with normal coronary angiogram (group C), and 53 healthy subjects attending a health screening service (group K).  Lipoprotein levels in CAD patients were different from those in controls.  In groups CAD, C, and K, respectively, mean values +/- standard error of the mean were:  for TC 7.2 +/- 0.2, 5.4 +/- 0.2, and 6.3 +/- 0.2 mM
Structural Characterization, Molecular Docking and Protective Effect on Coronary Artery Disease of a New Nanostructured Cu(II)-Coordination Polymer by Reducing the Inflammatory Level; The development of Cu(II)-based coordination complexes as potent anticancer agents has received increasing attention in recent years. In this study, a novel Cu(II) bearing coordination polymer formulated as [Cu-2(bix)(aip)(2)(H2O)(2)](n)(1, bix = 1,4-bis(imidazol-1-ylmethyl)benzene, H(2)aip = 5-aminoisophthalic acid) has been triumphantly prepared by the reaction of Cu(NO3)(2)center dot 3H(2)O, bix and H(2)aip under the hydrothermal condition. Furthermore, the ultrasonic synthesis method was used to produce the nanoscale1(denoted as nano1hereafter) with the particle size in the range of 360 nm. The protective effect of nano1on the coronary heart disease treatment was evaluated. Western blot was utilized to detect the relative expression of AMPK/SIRT1/NF-kappa B pathway, and the ROS detection was performed to measure the (reactive oxygen species) ROS level in the cells. Analysis further performed by molecular docking shows that Cu(II) complex possess the drug-like criteria indicating the anti-coronary heart disease potential.
CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE IN HETEROZYGOUS FAMILIAL HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA; Serum lipids, lipoproteins and Achilles tendon thickness in 52 patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) were investigated to clarify what are the important factors for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) in heterozygous FH patients. There were no significant differences in the average concentrations of total cholesterol and triglyceride between the patients with and those without CAD. The HDL [high density lipoprotein] cholesterol (HDL-C) level was significantly lower in patients with CAD than in those without, and the HDL-C value was within the normal range in most of the patients with heterozygous FH, if not associated FH, if not associated with CAD. Although most of the males aged over 50 yr had CAD and a decreased level of HDL-C, many of the aged females were without signs of CAD. The HDL-C value of heterozygous FH patients with CAD was significantly lower compared with the age-matched group without CAD. The Achilles tendon was thicker in patients with CAD than in those without CAD, both for males and females, although it was less closely correlated with the incidence of CAD than HDL-C or the atherogenic index. A forecast concering the development of CAD in heterozygous FH may be possible if multiple parameters, such as HDL-C, atherogenic index, Achilles tendon thickness, etc. are considered.
Soluble Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 as an Atherogenic Biomarker in Coronary Artery Disease: A Cross-sectional Study; Introduction: Coronary atherosclerosis is a condition that affects the arteries supplying the heart. The soluble Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) belongs to the immunoglobulin superfamily, and its expression is increased in vascular endothelial cells in atherosclerosis.<br /> Aim: To estimate serum sVCAM-1 in atherosclerotic Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) patients with varying severity and to look for its association with the Atherogenic Index (AI).<br /> Materials and Methods: This hospital-based cross-sectional study was carried out in the Department of Biochemistry at NEIGRIHMS, a tertiary care Institute in the northeastern part, Shillong India, for a period of one year (2019) with 68 angiographically confirmed newly diagnosed CAD patients and were divided into three groups as Single Vessel Disease (SVD), Double Vessel Disease (DVD) and Triple Vessel Disease (TVD). The following biochemical tests were performed on fasting serum samples: Glucose, lipid profiles {Total cholesterol, High Density Lipid (HDL)-C, Low Density Lipid (LDL)-C, Triglycerides (TG)}, Interleukin-6(IL-6), and sVCAM-1. The Chi-square test was used to assess the significance of the association of risk factors such as hypertension, smoking, and diabetes in the participants. One-way Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) was conducted to identify significant differences in the levels of the estimated parameters among the participant groups.<br /> Results: The average age of presentation for the study participants was 61 +/- 10.8 years. The study involved 68 recently diagnosed patients with confirmed CAD, of whom 59 (87%) were males and 9 (13%) were females. Among the total patients, 44 (65%) were smokers, 45 (66%) had hypertension, and 29 (43%) were diabetic. The Chi-square test revealed a significant association between smoking (p-value=0.015) and hypertension (p-value=0.008) with CAD, but no association was found with diabetic status. The level of serum sVCAM-1 was found to increase with the number of vessels involved. Significant differences were observed in the levels of serum cholesterol and LDL-C among the groups (TVD>DVD>SVD). The bivariate Pearson's correlation test between Antherogenic Index (AI) and sVCAM-1 showed a statistically significant positive correlation (r=0.33, p-value=0.0059).<br /> Conclusion: Serum sVCAM-1 levels may be used for the follow-up study of patients with CAD, which could be more economical and convenient compared to {Total cholesterol, High Density Lipid (HDL)-C, Low Density Lipid (LDL)-C, Triglycerides (TG)} angiography.
Comparative Benefits of Statins in Coronary Heart Disease; Hyperlipidemia is one of the main risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD), thus the treatment of the lipid metabolism disorders is the main measure to prevent the development and progression of this disease. The purpose of the research is a comparative study of atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, and simvastatin's hypolipidemic effect by determining the content of a lipoprotein fraction in the dynamics of statin therapy, as well as to study their negative effect on glucose metabolism. For the study, 150 people aged (57.86 +/- 4.59) years were examined for CHD (stable angina pectoris II functional class). All patients received basic CHD therapy: one 5-mg tablet of bisoprolol a day, one 75-mg tablet of aspirin a day, and short-acting nitrates for angina attacks. The patients had also been receiving statin therapy, depending on which the patients were divided into three groups (in each of 50 people): group 1 - one 20-mg tablet of simvastatin a day
Spontaneous redistribution after reperfusion - A unique property of AIP 201, an ultrasound contrast agent; Objectives. We sought to determine the mechanism of spontaneous redistribution of AIP 201 microbubbles after reperfusion from a single left heart injection performed during coronary occlusion. Background. AIP 201, an ultrasound contrast agent consisting of 10-mu m sized microbubbles, has demonstrated spontaneous myocardial redistribution in preliminary studies. Methods. Myocardial video intensity (VI) and radiolabeled microsphere-derived myocardial blood flow (MBF) were measured serially after reperfusion in seven dogs undergoing an AIP 201 injection during coronary occlusion. The behavior of these bubbles was also assessed in the fat spinotrapezius muscle using intravital microscopy (IM), both with and without ultrasound. The effect of ultrasound on these bubbles was also determined in vitro. Results. A spontaneous and gradual increase in myocardial VI was noted after reperfusion, which was related to the magnitude of increase in MBF to that region (r = 0.82, p < 0.001), On IM, most of the microbubbles were seen entrapped in small arterioles. Some larger arterioles had aggregates of microbubbles that periodically became dislodged and moved downstream. This behavior was not affected in vivo by ultrasound. In vitro, however, microbubble aggregation was noted only during ultrasound exposure. Conclusions. The magnitude of redistribution of AIP 201 microbubbles to the reperfused myocardium is related to changes in MBF and occurs from their dislodgement from microbubble aggregates entrapped in large arterioles. In vitro microbubble aggregation seen during ultrasound exposure was not reproduced in vivo. These results may have important implications for studying the effects of interventions in acute coronary syndromes and after coronary artery bypass graft surgery. (J Am Coll Cardiol 1998
Low Density Lipoprotein Levels Linkage with the Periodontal Status Patients of Coronary Heart Disease; Studies found an association between periodontitis and coronary heart disease (CHD), but relationship between periodontal status CHD patients with LDL (Low Density Lipoprotein) levels, as risk factors for atherosclerosis, has not been studied. Objective: To analyze relationship between LDL and periodontal status CHD. Methods: Periodontal status of 60 CHD, 40 controls were examined (PBI, PPD, CAL) and their blood was taken to assess levels of LDL. Result: Found significant differences LDL (p=0.005), correlation between LDL with PPD (p=0.003) and CAL CHD (p=0.013), and PPD (p=0.001), CAL (p=0.008) non-CHD, but no significant correlation between LDL with PBI CAD (p=0.689) and PBI non-CHD (p=0.320). Conclusion: There is a correlation between the LDL levels with periodontal status.
HDL-cholesterol as a marker of coronary heart disease risk:: the Quebec cardiovascular study; Background: Primary as well as secondary prevention trials have shown the relevance of lowering LDL-cholesterol to reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. However, although the association between LDL-cholesterol and CHD is well recognized, there is a considerable overlap in the distribution of plasma LDL-cholesterol levels between CHD patients and healthy subjects. The objective of the present review article is to use data from the Quebec cardiovascular study to demonstrate that in men, a low HDL-cholesterol may be even more of a risk factor and a target for therapy than a high LDL-cholesterol. Methods and results: Results of the Quebec cardiovascular study, a prospective study of 2103 middle-aged men followed for a period of 5 years, have confirmed results of previous studies in showing that plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was an independent predictor of a first ischemic heart disease (IHD) event which included typical effort angina, coronary insufficiency, nonfatal myocardial infarction and coronary death. In addition, a reduced plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was found to have a greater impact than raised LDL-cholesterol on the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio), this ratio being the best variable of the traditional lipid profile for the prediction of IHD events in the Quebec cardiovascular study. However, a low HDL-cholesterol concentration is not often observed as an isolated disorder but also includes hypertriglyceridemia, elevated apo B concentration, and an increased proportion of small, dense LDL particles. These abnormalities are features of an insulin resistant-hyperinsulinemic state resulting from abdominal obesity. Conclusions: It is therefore recommended that we need to go beyond LDL-cholesterol measurement lowering therapy for the optimal management of CHD risk. Raising plasma HDL-cholesterol through weight loss and a healthy diet, by an increased physical activity and, if required, by proper pharmacotherapy is therefore a legitimate therapeutic target for the optimal prevention of CHD in a large proportion of high risk patients. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Is evaluation of complex polymorphism helpful in the assessment of prognosis after percutaneous coronary intervention. A prospective study; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a complex disorder accounting for the majority of cardiovascular deaths and morbidity. It is believed that genetic factors explain part of the excessive risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Aim: To evaluate the influence on long-term prognosis of some genetic polymorphisms affecting renin angiotensin system, inflammatory response, beta-2 adrenergic receptor, nitric oxide and platelets activity in patents with stable CAD undergoing routine PCI. Methods: The study population consisted of 110 consecutive male patients with stable angina undergoing elective, single-vessel PCI. Genotyping was performed by polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism-based techniques. Follow-up data were obtained by postal questionnaires regarding survival, myocardial infarction and revascularisation procedures. The control group consisted of 78 healthy males. Results: Compared to controls, the distribution of polymorphisms among patients differed with regard to interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and CD14 variants. Patients who had PCI during follow-up in comparison with the remaining patients had a similar genetic profile, but higher triglycerides (1.9 vs 1.5 mmol/L, p = 0.01) and atherogenic index (3.8% vs 3.1%, p = 0.03) and lower percentage of HDL (21.8% vs 25.0%, p = 0.02). Among subjects with any revascularisation procedures, a similar clinical profile was observed. However, they differed from those without: any procedures regarding the distribution of angiotensinogen M235T variants (MM%/TM%/TT%) 28%/64%/8% vs 19%/50%/31%, p = 0.048. Stratification for myocardial infarction showed association with selectin variants (AA%/AC%/CC%) 57.1%/28.6%/14.3% vs 78.8%/21.2%/0%, p = 0.055 and higher triglycerides (2.11 vs 1.57 mmol/L, p = 0.055). Conclusions: Although we cannot exclude the role of polymorphism in angiotensinogen and selectin E genes, the prognosis of patients post-PCI in our study was mainly influenced by risk factors related to lipid metabolisms.
BLOOD-LIPIDS AND LIPOPEROXIDES IN THE FAMILIES OF PATIENTS WITH CORONARY HEART-DISEASE; Levels of some fractions of blood neutral lipids and lipoperoxides were compared in the families of patients with coronary heart disease. The patients and their relatives (including healthy ones) were found to show a statistically significant increase in the atherogenic index, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, cholesterol, triglyceride, total lipid, and lipoperoxide concentrations and a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels as against controls. The changes in the  values of lipids and lipoperoxides in the families of patients with coronary heart disease were homogenous and might be one of the pathogenetic links in the formation of hereditary predisposition to atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases which might be detected in a prehospital period.
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease; Objectives: The objective of this study is to develop an experimental model of hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance (IR), markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) using high fat and high sugar (HFHS) diet and to evaluate the efficacy of the model using atorvastatin, a known antihyperlipidemic drug, pioglitazone, a known insulin sensitizer, and Tinospora cordifolia (Tc), an antidiabetic plant. Materials and Methods: Following Institutional Animal Ethics Committee permission, the study was conducted in male Wistar rats (200-270 g). The model was developed using a high fat (vanaspati ghee: coconut oil, 3: 1) oral diet along with 25% fructose (high sugar) added in drinking water over a period of 6 weeks. Atorvastatin (2.1 mg/kg/day), pioglitazone (2.7 mg/kg/day) and Tc (200 mg/kg/day) were administered 3 weeks after initiation of HFHS diet and continued for another 3 weeks. Parameters assessed were weight, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, insulin, and gastric emptying. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and catalase were assessed as markers of oxidative stress. Results: Administration of HFHS diet demonstrated a significant increase in blood glucose, insulin, total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides with a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Treatment with test drugs decreased blood sugar, insulin, lipid parameters, increased gastric emptying rate, decreased MDA levels, and catalase activity when compared to HFHS diet group, confirming the efficacy of the model. Atherogenic index of all the test drugs (0.48, 0.57, and 0.53) was significantly lower as compared to HFHS diet group (1.107). Conclusion: This study confirms the development of a diet based cost-effective and time efficient experimental model, which can be used to study two important markers of cardiovascular disease that is, hyperlipidemia and IR and to explore the efficacy of new molecules in CHD.
Analysis between Cigarette and Shisha Smokers for Early Atherogenesis: A Cardiovascular Disease; Aims: Tobacco smoking is a major health issue in Saudi Arabia, particularly among the student population. Smoking is one of the major risk factors in the genesis of coronary atherosclerosis and the development of coronary heart disease. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of cigarette and shisha smoking on atherogenic indexes, lipid profile and hematological parameters of undergraduate smokers at Majmaah University. Methodology: This cross-sectional study was conducted between November 2019 and March 2020, at the Department of Medical Laboratory Sciences, College of Applied Medical Sciences, Majmaah University, Al-Majmaah, enrolling 100 undergraduate students (35 cigarette smokers, 30 shisha smokers, 35 non-smokers). The subjects were asked to fast overnight and early morning blood samples were collected and analyzed to measure lipid parameters, complete blood cell count and LDH. Lipid parameters were used to calculate lipid indexes and atherogenic indexes. Results: Compared with non-smokers, cigarette and shisha smokers had significantly higher levels of TC, TG, LDL-C and VLDL-C, but significantly lower levels of HDL-C. The values of comprehensive lipid indexes, including non-HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, TG/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, atherogenic index (AI), lipoprotein combine index (LCI), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) were all significantly higher in cigarette and shisha smokers. Hematological parameters were found to be within normal reference range, however when compared with non-smokers, cigarette and shisha smokers has significantly higher values of complete blood cell count, except for lymphocytes and mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) which were significantly lower. LDH was also found to be elevated in cigarette and shisha smokers. Conclusion: The findings of this study shows that, both cigarette and shisha smokers have abnormal lipid profile suggesting dyslipidemia. Prediction of early atherosclerosis through the atherogenic indexes was observed to be significantly higher in shisha smokers than in cigarette smokers. Therefore, shisha smoking has more adverse effects on the health status of adult smokers. This study adds to the accumulating evidence on the harmful effects of shisha smoking, which is a growing epidemic among young smokers, and calls for the awareness of the possible consequences of developing early atherogenesis.
The correlation between atherogenic indexes and erectile dysfunction; Aside from the ordinary plasma lipid level measurements, the ratios based on individual plasma lipid levels such as atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), Castelli's risk index 1/2 (CRI-1/2), and atherogenic coefficient (AC) are the novel parameters to evaluate the patients with a high risk of CVD. In this study, we aim to evaluate the relationship between AIP, AC, and CRI-1/2 with increased risk of ED. Between April 2018 and February 2019, 253 patients, who were diagnosed as a vasculogenic ED in our clinic, were enrolled in the study. While the first group (n = 134) consisted of patients with moderate and mild ED (IIEF-EF: 17-30), the second group (n = 119) consisted of patients with severe ED. In addition to the mean values of lipid parameters
Rice bran oil could favorably ameliorate atherogenicity and insulin resistance indices among men with coronary artery disease: post hoc analysis of a randomized controlled trial; Background: Despite recent advances in recognizing more reliable indicators to estimate the coronary artery disease (CAD) patients' response to treatment and prognosis, less attention has been paid to evaluating them in clinical trials. Hence, the present research was conducted to study the impact of rice bran oil (RBO) versus sunflower oil (SFO) on various atherogenicity and insulin resistance markers. Methods: In the present 8-week randomized controlled trial, 40 CAD men with an average age of 56 years were allocated randomly into the intervention or control group to use RBO or SFO (30 g/day) plus a standardized dietary plan. As a further analysis, eight atherosclerosis-related indices were calculated before and after the study. Results: Analysis of covariance test in which potential confounders and baseline levels were considered, indicated that using RBO compared to SFO reduced Castelli's risk index I and II (adjusted means:3.29, 1.52 vs. 4.61, 2.20, respectively), atherogenic coefficient (2.29 vs. 3.61), lipoprotein combine index (6.54 vs. 17.53), and cholesterol index (0.46 vs. 1.20) after the trial (P-value <= 0.002). Also, the RBO group yielded significantly lower triglyceride glucose index (8.73 vs. 9.13) (P-value = 0.010). Further, marginally significant amelioration in triglyceride/HDL ratio and atherogenic index of plasma (1.48 and 0.13 vs. 1.86 and 0.24 respectively) were noted (P-value = 0.07). Spearman correlation analysis detected significant positive correlations between alterations in TNF-alpha serum levels (ng/L) and the majority of evaluated indices (P-value < 0.05). Conclusion: Taken together, incorporating 30 g of RBO into the patient's usual diet appeared effective in ameliorating atherogenicity and insulin resistance indicators among men with CAD, probably in relation to its anti-inflammatory properties.
Combined efficacy of <i>Vigna radiata</i> (L.) R. Wilczek and <i>Amorphophallus paeoniifolius</i> (Dennst.) Nicolson on serum lipids in albino rats; Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) is a major killer disease throughout the world. Dyslipidemia is a major contributor to the risk of CAD. Several dietary articles traditionally used in India and other South Asian countries reduced dyslipidemia. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the combined effect of Mung bean (Vigna radiata) and Elephant foot yam (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius) on serum lipids and atherogenic indices in albino rats and to compare it with a standard drug Cholestyramine. Thirty healthy albino rats of both sexes (150-200 g) were randomized to 5 groups of 6 animals each. The grouping were done based on the following criteria: Group I: Normal Control Group, Group II: (Standard Group): Cholestyramine resin 5 mg/kg bw, Group III: (Half Dose Group): Drug powder at 540 mg/kg bw, Group IV: (Effective Dose Group): Drug powder at 1080 mg/kg bw, and Group V: (Double Dose Group): Drug powder at 2160 mg/kg bw. Lipid profile was estimated at the beginning and after 30 days of treatment. The Effective and Double doses of the drug reduced Total cholesterol along with levels of Triglycerides, Low density lipoprotein and Very low density lipoprotein levels significantly (p < 0.01) along with a significant (p < 0.01) increase in high density lipoproteins (HDL) in rats. There was also significant (p < 0.01) improvement in atherogenic indices like Castelli Risk Index I, Non HDL C/HDL, Castelli risk Index II, TG/HDL, Atherogenic coefficient and Atherogenic Index of Plasma. The combination of powdered sprouted mung bean and yam powder have excellent lipid lowering potential. (C) 2017 The Authors. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
The protective role of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu extract on diet-induced hypercholesterolemia in rats; This study was carried out to investigate the protective potential of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu, comprising six crude drugs, on coronary heart disease which is the principal cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The diet-induced hypercholesterolemic rat model, which shows an elevation in low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and atherosclerosis, was employed. The control rats fed a diet of 1% cholesterol and 0.5% cholic acid showed the highest cholesterol levels in serum and feces relative to those fed a normal diet, however, the rats administered Kangen-karyu extract showed reductions in these levels without changes in liver cholesterol, indicating that the reduction of serum total cholesterol by Kangen-karyu extract probably arises from an increase in cholesterol excretion. Furthermore, the administration of Kangen-karyu extract significantly prevented the elevation of serum aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase, known as marker enzymes of liver damage. The elevated serum levels of LDL cholesterol were lowered, however, the high density lipoprotein cholesterol level was significantly elevated by Kangen-karyu extract and these were dose-dependent decreases in the atherogenic index to 15.2, 8.8 and 7.5 at oral doses of 50, 100 and 200 mg from the 19.4 control value, respectively. In addition, Kangen-karyu extract inhibited LDL oxidation in a dose-dependent manner, and the elevated level of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances in control rats showed a decline by the administration of Kangen-karyu extract. The present study suggests that Kangen-karyu could play a protective role against hypercholesterolemia through the regulation of cholesterol levels and inhibition of lipid peroxidation.
Association of C-peptide and lipoprotein(a) as two predictors with cardiometabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes in KERCADR population-based study; We sought association between serum Lipoprotein(a) and C-Peptide levels as two predictors with cardiometabolic biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This nested case-control study was conducted on 253 participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus and control from the second phase of the KERCADR cohort study. The participants were randomly allocated into case and control groups. The quantitative levels of Lipoprotein(a) and C-Peptide were measured by ELISA. Atherogenic indices of plasma were measured. The plasma Atherogenic Index of Plasma significantly decreased (P = 0.002) in case-male participants, and plasma Castelli Risk Index II level significantly increased (P = 0.008) in control-male participants with the highest dichotomy of Lipoprotein(a). The plasma Atherogenic Index of Plasma level in case-female participants significantly increased (P = 0.023) with the highest dichotomy of C-Peptide. Serum C-Peptide level significantly increased (P = 0.010 and P = 0.002, respectively) in control-male participants with the highest dichotomies of Atherogenic Index of Plasma and Castelli Risk Index I. There was a significant association between the highest quartile of C-Peptide and higher anthropometric values in case participants
Atherogenic indices in preeclamptic and eclamptic patients in North-Central Nigeria; Microvascular, placental, haematological and lipid studies suggest striking similarities between preeclampsia/eclampsia and atherosclerosis.Objective To determine the lipid profile and atherogenic indices in preeclamptic/eclamptic patients and compare with normal pregnant women.Methodology Comparative cross-sectional study conducted in North Central Nigeria. The study population was preeclamptic/eclamptic patients and normal pregnant women. A total of 192 women, comprising 96 pregnant women with preeclampsia/eclampsia and an equal number of normotensive controls were recruited consecutively by purposive sampling. Lipid profiles were estimated and atherogenic indices were calculated.Result Coronary heart disease risk ratio (CRR) and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) showed significantly increased atherogenic potentials in subjects compared to controls. Mean +/- SD CRR of subjects was 0.28 +/- 0.17, Mean +/- SD CRR of controls was 0.44 +/- 0.24 (p = 0.001)
Biomarkers of Cardiometabolic Risk in Obese/Overweight Children: Effect of Lifestyle Intervention; Obesity is a strong cardiometabolic (CM) risk factor in children. We tested potential CM risk in obese/overweight children and the effect of an intensive lifestyle intervention using newer CM markers: atherogenic index of plasma AIP [Log(TG/HDL-C)], apoB/apoAI ratio and a marker of insulin resistance HOMA-IR. The participants (194 girls, 115 boys, average age 13) were enrolled in an intensive, one-month, inpatient weight reduction program. The program consisted of individualised dietary changes and the exercise program comprised aerobic and resistance training. Anthropometrical and biochemical parameters in plasma and CM risk biomarkers - (AIP, apoB/apoAI ratio and HOMA-IR) were examined before and after the intervention. AIP and HOMA-IR significantly correlated with BMI while apoB/apoAI ratio did not. Only AIP and HOMA-IR showed systematic increases according to the level of obesity by BMI quartiles. Lifestyle intervention significantly improved anthropometrical and biochemical values and the biomarkers too. The response of lipid parameters to the intervention was considerably higher in boys than in girls. The children were stratified into three risk categories according to AIP, where 13.8 % of boys and 5.3 % of girls fell into high risk category. The monitored biomarkers may complement each other in the prognosis of CM risk. AIP was strongly related to obesity and to lipid and glycid metabolism, while the relationship of the apoB/apoAI ratio to obesity and glycid metabolism was not significant. The obese children benefited from the intensive lifestyle intervention which improved the anthropometrical and biochemical parameters and CM risk biomarkers.
Which Biomarker(s) Augment the Diagnostic Value of the Positive Exercise Electrocardiography Test: Systemic Inflammatory Index, Plasma Atherogenic Index, or Monocyte/HDL-C Ratio?; The exercise electrocardiography test (EET) is still used before coronary angiography in the diagnosis of chronic coronary syndromes. This study aimed to demonstrate the value of the combination of a positive EET with the systemic inflammatory index (SII), the plasma atherogenic index (PAI), and the monocyte/HDL-C ratio (MHR) in the determination of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). This single-center, retrospective study included 540 patients who underwent coronary angiography after ETT. The patients were separated into Group 1, comprising 434 patients with normal coronary arteries and non-obstructive CAD, and Group 2, including 106 with obstructive CAD. In Group 2, the patients were separated into SYNTAX <= 22 or >= 23. Glucose, low-density lipoprotein, white blood cells, and MHR were determined to be significantly higher in Group 2 (p < 0.05). According to the multivariate logistic regression analysis, age, gender, diabetes mellitus, and low-density lipoprotein were determined to be independent predictors of CAD. In the ROC curve analysis, a cut-off value of 12 for the MHR in the determination of obstructive CAD had a sensitivity of 60.4% and a specificity of 53.0%. The main result of this study was that a high MHR is an indicator of obstructive CAD in patients with positive EET and suspected CAD.
Cardiovascular Pathology Forecasting in Trained Workers Exposed Mercury; There were examined 77 people trained workers exposed in the workplace of metallic mercury vapors from 4-5 year intervals, who were divided into groups according to the time at the time of examination: I group -5-9 years, II group 10-15 years old, III group -15 years or more. All individuals were studied levels of ceruloplasmin level and gamma glutamyltransferase in the blood serum, atherogenic index, cholesterol levels in low density lipoproteins (LDL). Forecasting was performed using multiple linear regression straight stepwise procedure of adding features. Dynamic examination of trained workers in contact with the mercury, showed an increase of hypertension and coronary heart disease with increasing work experience. The incidence of hypertension and coronary heart disease increased by 1.5-2 times, exceeding the general population prevalence rates in these age groups. Analysis of biochemical parameters at the time of examination allows us to conclude that the atherogenic index increases with increasing exposure mercury load, cholesterol of low density lipoprotein does not go beyond the boundaries of acceptable values, but close to the upper border of the reference (3.8 mmol/l). Considering the significant increase in the predicted concentration of ceruloplasmin in 4-5 years, should expect an intensification of pro-atherogenic process, requiring preventive measures, aimed primarily at enhancing antioxidant protection.
Prevalence of ischemic heart disease and associated factors in patients with rheumatoid arthritis in Southern Brazil; Objective: To estimate the prevalence of ischemic heart disease and associated factors in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Methods: A cross-sectional study using the American College of Rheumatology diagnostic criteria in order to select patients seen at primary or secondary health care units in Blumenau, Santa Catarina, Southern Brazil, in 2014. The presence of ischemic heart disease was defined as an acute myocardial infarction with percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass graft surgery that has occurred after diagnosis. Fischer's exact test, Wald's linear trend test, and multivariate logistic regression analysis were used to test the associations. Results: Among 296 patients (83.1% female) with a mean age of 56.6 years and a mean rheumatoid arthritis duration of 11.3 years, 13 reported having acute myocardial infarction requiring a percutaneous or surgical reperfusion procedure, a prevalence of 4.4% (95% CI 2.0-6.7). Diabetes Mellitus (odds ratio [OR] 4.9 [95% CI 1.6-13.8]) and disease duration >10 years (OR 8.2 [95% CI 1.8-39.7]) were the only factors associated with an ischemic disease that remained in the final model, after the multivariate analysis. Conclusion: The prevalence of acute myocardial infarction was similar to that observed in other studies. Among the traditional risk factors, Diabetes Mellitus, and among the factors related to rheumatoid arthritis, disease duration, were the variables associated with co morbidity. (C) 2017 Elsevier Editora Ltda.
Vasorelaxant properties of isolated human radial arteries: comparison with internal mammary arteries; Radial arteries, used in revascularisation surgery, are prone to spasm. We have examined the ability of nitrovasodilators. calcium channel blockers, and K-AIP channel openers to cause vasodilation. and to attenuate contractions due to depolarisation and receptor activation in radial and mammary arteries used in coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Two to three millimetre rings of artery obtained from patients at surgery were studied in organ baths in vitro. Constriction to KCl and phenylephrine was examined before and again after treatment of the rings with drug or vehicle. Calcium channel blockers were the only compounds to inhibit contractions to both KCl and phenylephrine. Sodium nitroprusside attenuated constriction to phenylephrine but not KCl in both vessels. K-AIP channel openers similarly attenuated constriction to phenylephrine in radial arteries but were much less effective in mammary arteries. These studies support the continued use of calcium blockers after revascularisation with radial artery but suggest that other classes of drug may be as effective at minimising spasm due to receptor mediated constriction. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Cord Blood Lipid Profile in Preterm Small for Gestational Age and Appropriate for Gestational Age Newborns; Introduction: Coronary heart disease is one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality in current era. The roots of this epidemic have been traced to as early as foetal life by foetal origin hypothesis. There are a few studies which have compared the cord blood lipid profile of preterm and term babies and thereby leading a path to primordial prevention of chronic diseases. Aim: To study cord blood lipid profile of preterm appropriate for gestational age and preterm small for gestational age neonates and compare atherogenic index of both groups. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 109 preterm infants. Cord blood samples were collected from placental side of umbilical cord at birth and analyzed for lipid profile which includes serum cholesterol, triglycerides, Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL), High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) and apolipoproteins which include ApoA1, Apo B. Results: Preterm Small for Gestational Age (SGA) neonates had statistically significant higher values of triglycerides, Apo B and atherogenic index compared to preterm Appropriate for Gestational Age (AGA) neonates. Other measured lipid levels were not statistically significant, though the values were higher than reference ranges for term babies. Conclusion: Prematurity as a factor associated with a more atherogenic lipid profile is re-affirmed and SGA as an additional risk factor has been proven giving scope for future research and primordial prevention.
In the Identification of Cardiovascular Risk With the SCORE Model, Could We Recommend Its Calculation Interchangeably With Total Cholesterol or Atherogenic Index? Concordance Between Total Cholesterol and Atherogenic Index in the SCORE Table; The SCORE table indiscriminately recommends the use of total cholesterol (SCORE-TC) or atherogenic index (SCORE-AI) for calculating cardiovascular (CV) risk. We evaluated reliability and agreement between both methods and the clinical implications for the identification of high CV risk. Observational study (n = 8942) in a 40- to 65-year-old population. Spearman's Rho correlation was 0.987 (P < .001), the agreement intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.671 (IC 95% 0.413-0.796
Relationships among alcohol drinking, blood pressure and serum cholesterol in healthy young women; Background: Habitual alcohol drinking affects both blood pressure and serum lipids. I investigated the relationships among alcohol drinking, blood pressure and atherogenic index defined by serum total and HDL cholesterol levels in young women. Methods: The subjects were young (20-39 y) healthy female workers (n=7887) receiving annual health checkups. Blood pressure was compared in subjects divided into groups according to average daily alcohol consumption (non-drinkers
Dietary Almonds Increase Serum HDL Cholesterol in Coronary Artery Disease Patients in a Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: More than one-half of coronary artery disease (CAD) patients have low HDL cholesterol despite having well-managed [DL cholesterol. Almond supplementation has not been shown to elevate circulating HDL cholesterol Concentrations in clinical trials, perhaps because the baseline HDL cholesterol of trial subjects was not low. Objective: This clinical trial was designed to test the effect of almond supplementation on low HDL cholesterol in CAD patients. Methods: A total of 150 CAD patients (50 per group), with serum LDL cholesterol <= 100 mg/dL and HDL cholesterol <= 40 mg/dL in men and <= 50 mg/dL in women, were recruited from the Aga Khan University Hospital. After recording vital signs and completing a dietary and physical activity questionnaire, patients were randomly assigned to 1 of the following 3.groups: the no-intervention group (NI), the Pakistani almonds group (PA), and the American almonds group (AA). The respective almond varieties (10 g/d) were given to patients with instructions to soak them overnight, remove the skin, and eat them before breakfast. Blood samples for lipid profiling, body weight, and blood pressure were collected, and assessment of dietary patterns was done at baseline, week 6, and week 12. Results: Almonds significantly increased HDL cholesterol. At weeks 6 and 12, HDL cholesterol was 12-14% and 14-16% higher, respectively, in the PA and AA than their respective baselines. In line with previous reports, serum concentrations qf total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, and VLDL cholesterol
The Correlation between Dietary Fats Intake with Total Cholesterol and Triglycerides Levels in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a disease caused by the presence of plaque in the coronary arteries because of high cholesterol and triglyceride levels in the blood. This was an analytic observation using a cross-sectional design. This study was conducted at Heart Outpatient Clinic in Dr. Moewardi Hospital, Surakarta, Indonesia. A total of 131 subjects that had been diagnosed as having coronary heart disease, they were aged between 30-75 years. They were selected using a quota sampling technique. Dietary fat and fatty acid intake were obtained through interviews with semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire in the previous 1 month. Total cholesterol and triglyceride levels were obtained based on laboratory data from CHD patients. The data were analyzed using correlation person product and rank spearman. Fat intake was positively correlated with total cholesterol levels (p=0.034, r=0.186), while fat intake was not correlated with triglyceride levels ( p= 0.351, r= 0.148). Fatty acid intake did not correlate with total cholesterol and triglyceride levels (p> 0.05). This study had demonstrated that higher total fat intake was associated with increased total cholesterol levels. Total fat intake was not correlated with triglycerides levels, and it is also true for fatty acid intake with total cholesterol and triglycerides levels.
SERUM LEVELS OF TOCOPHEROL AND THEIR RELATIONSHIP TO RISK FACTOR OF CORONARY HEART-DISEASE IN UNIVERSITY-STUDENTS; This study assessed the biochemical status of serum .alpha.-tocopherol (Toc) and lipid in university students (60 males and 51 females) and searched for risk factors of coronary heart disease (CHD). No significant differences were observed between the sexes in total cholesterol (T-C) (170 and 181 mg/100 ml for males and females, respectively), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) (116 and 118 mg/100 ml), and phospholipids (PL) (193 and 199 mg/100 ml). The levels of high density  lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) were lower in males (54 mg/100 ml) than in females (62 mg/100 ml, p < 0.001) and those of triglyceride (TG) were higher (74 and 59 mg/100 ml for males and females, respectively, p <0.01). There were also no significant differences in HDL-C as a percentage of T-C (32 and 35%) and the LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (2.3 and 2.0). Toc level and the Toc/T-C ratio were significantly lower in males (5.16 .mu.g/ml and 3.11 .mu.g/mg, respectively) compared with females (6.15 .mu.g/ml and  3.46 .mu.g/mg, respectively) (p < 0.001 for Toc and p < 0.05) for Toc/T-C. A direct relationship was found between the T-C level and LDL-C (r=0.92, p<0.001) and HDL-C (r=0.40, p<0.001). The atherogenic index, the LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, showed a positive correlation with the T-C level (r=0.43, p<0.001) and a negative correlation with the HDL-C level (r=-0.63, p<0.001). The T-C levels also could be correlated with the levels of Toc (r=0.37, p<0.001) and inversely correlated with the Toc/T-C ratio (r=-0.41, p<0.001). The Toc/T-C ratio showed an inverse correlation with the LDL-C/HDL-C (r=-0.31, p<0.001). These results reveal that the T-C level affects the vitamin E status and that the Toc/T-C ratio can be used to assess trends in CHD risk factors.
Association between Blood Cholesterol Level with Periodontal Status of Coronary Heart Disease Patients; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is an abnormal narrowing of heart arteries associated with local accumulation of lipids, in the form of cholesterol and triglycerides. Periodontal disease is a chronic inflammatory that suggests link to the development of CHD. In periodontitis have been reported changes in lipid profile, include increased of cholesterol levels of blood. Objective: to analyse correlation between blood cholesterol level with periodontal status of CHD and non CHD subjects. Methods: Periodontal status and blood cholesterol level of 60 CHD and 40 non CHD subjects was measured. Result: Blood cholesterol level in CHD subjects differs from non CHD subjects (p=0.032). Blood cholesterol level correlates with pocket depth (p=0.003) and clinical attachment loss (CAL) (p=0.000) in CHD subjects. Blood cholesterol level correlates with pocket depth (p=0.010) in non CHD subjects. There is no significant correlation between blood cholesterol level and bleeding on probing (BOP) in CHD subjects. There is no significant correlation between blood cholesterol level with BOP and CAL in non CHD subjects. Conclusion: Blood cholesterol level in control group is higher than CHD patients. Blood cholesterol level positively associated with pocket depth (r=0.375) and CAL (r=0.450) in CHD patients. Blood cholesterol level is positively associated with pocket depth (r=0.404) in control group.
THE EFFECT OF A HIGH-INTENSITY INTERVAL TRAINING PROGRAM ON HIGH-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN CHOLESTEROL IN YOUNG MEN; Musa, DI, Adeniran, SA, Dikko, AU, and Sayers, SP. The effect of a high-intensity interval training program on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in young men. J Strength Cond Res 23(2): 587-592, 2009-This study examined the impact of an 8-week program of high-intensity interval training on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), and the atherogenic index (TC/HDL-C) in 36 untrained men ages 21-36 years. Participants were randomly assigned to an interval training group (n = 20) or a control group (n = 16). Participants in the experimental group performed 3.2 km of interval running (1:1 work: rest ratio) 3 times a week for 8 weeks at an intensity of 90% of maximal heart rate (similar to 423 kcal per session). Results indicated significant pre- to posttraining changes in HDL-C (1.1 vs. 1.3 mmol.L-1, p < 0.0001) and TC/HDL-C (3.8 vs. 3.1, p < 0.0001) but no significant changes in TC (3.9 vs. 3.8 mmol.L-1, p > 0.05) with interval training. It was concluded that an 8-week program of high-intensity interval training is effective in eliciting favorable changes in HDL-C and TC/HDL-C but not TC in young adult men with normal TC levels. Our findings support the recommendations of high-intensity interval training as an alternative mode of exercise to improve blood lipid profiles for individuals with acceptable physical fitness levels.
Hypolipidemic Effect of Arborium Plus in Experimentally Induced Hypercholestermic Rabbits; Hypercholesteremia is one of the risk factors for coronary artery disease. The present study highlights the efficacy of the ayurvedic herbal formulation Arborium Plus [Hyppophae ramnoides L. fruit juice (S) and Rhododendron arboreum Sm. Linn flower juice (R) in a 1 : 4 ratio] on triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), atherogenic index (AI), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs CRP) in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemic rabbits. Four groups of rabbits were subjected to different treatments for 8 weeks: control group, CHOL group (1% w/w cholesterol for 8 weeks), S + R group (1% w/w cholesterol and Arborium Plus for 8 weeks), and A group (1% w/w cholesterol and atorvastatin for 8 weeks). The results showed significant increases in TG, TC, LDL, AI, and hs CRP in hypercholesterolemic rabbits which was significantly reduced in Arborium Plus-treated hypercholesterolemic rabbits. The data demonstrated that the Arborium Plus formulation was associated with hypolipidemic effects in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
Bone Marrow Mononuclear Cell Implantation in Myocardial Laser Channels in the Ischemic Heart Disease Surgery. Long-Term Results; Background: The problem of incomplete myocardial revascularization for diffuse and distal lesions of the myocardium is still relevant. We assessed the clinical and instrumental long-term results of autologous bone marrow cell (BMC) implantation in laser channels in ischemic heart disease with diffuse and distal coronary disease. 35 coronary heart disease (CHD) patients with diffuse and distal coronary disease during coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) underwent BMC implantation in laser channels. The control group consisted of 29 patients. All patients in this group underwent only CABG. Clinical and instrumental assessment of the method's effect was carried out at two weeks, six months, and six years after surgery. Indirect revascularization showed more significant decreasing of the functional class (FC) New York Heart Association (NYHA), myocardial perfusion and contractility improvement. Autologous BMC implantation in laser channels is an effective method of CHD surgical treatment if it is impossible to perform direct myocardial revascularization. The indirect revascularization effect is formed in the first six months after surgery and remains at the same level for six years.
Comparative clinical study evaluating the effect of adding Vildagliptin versus Glimepiride to ongoing Metformin therapy on diabetic patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease; Background and Objective: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) remain the most identified cause of death in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). This study aimed to evaluate the effect of adding Vildagliptin versus Glimepiride to ongoing Metformin on the biomarkers of inflammation, thrombosis, and atherosclerosis in T2DM patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: This study included 80 patients with uncontrolled T2DM and symptomatic CAD who were randomized to add either Vildagliptin 50 mg/day "group I" or Glimepiride 4 mg/day "group II" to ongoing Metformin therapy (1000 mg/day). Blood samples were collected at baseline and 3 months after intervention for biochemical analysis of HbA1c %, IL-1 beta, adiponectin, hsCRP and lipid profile. Additionally atherogenic index (AI) and coronary risk index (CRI) were determined. Results: Three months after intervention and as compared to group II (Glimepiride/Metformin), group 1 (Vildagliptin/Metformin) showed significantly lower BMI (28.73 +/- 3.48 versus 30.55 +/- 3.15
Gender and Racial Differences in the Cardiovascular Risk Factors among Overweight and Obese Rural Adults, Kuching and Samarahan Division, Sarawak, Malaysia; Objective. This study aimed to determine whether gender and ethnic differences had an effect on cardiovascular risk factors in overweight and obese rural adults in Sarawak. Design and Setting. This was a cross-sectional study conducted in rural communities in Kuching and Samarahan division, Malaysia. Data was obtained using a set of questionnaire (sociodemographic data and physical activity), measurement of blood pressure, height, weight (body mass index, BMI), body fat percentage, fasting blood sugar, and lipid profile from three ethnic groups-Iban, Malay, and Bidayuh. Analysis of data was done using SPSS version 23.0. Results. A total of 155 respondents participated in the study (81.6% response rate). The levels of physical activity, BMI status, body fat, hypercholesterolemia, and hyperglycemiawere similar across the three ethnic groups and both females and males. Iban and Bidayuh had significant higher Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) when compared to the Malay (Bidayuh OR = 0.30, 95% CI 0.12, 0.78
Relationship of Microalbuminuria Designing with Loss of Coronary Artery on Patients of Coronary Heart Disease; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is currently one of the major health problems in the world. CHD is defined as the presence of minimal >= 50% stenosis in a single coronary artery proven by angiographic examination. At this time, it is known that microalbuminuria is a picture of a thorough and equitable process of endothelial damage glomerulus, retina and tunika intima of large blood vessels. Fifty-eight CHD patients were obtained from the outpatient medical records of H. Adam Malik Hospital Medan who underwent angiographic examination and met the inclusion criteria. The number of subjects with male and female gender amounted to 29 people each with an average age of 50 years. Complete blood lab data, troponin T, CKMB, microalbuminuria, and angiography were performed. Statistical analysis with chi-square correlation test. Of the 58 subjects obtained results, indicating of 30 subjects with macroalbuminuria there were 28 people (93.3%) with grade 3-4 grade coronary artery lesions. Meanwhile, of 28 subjects with microalbuminuria, only 9 people (32.1%) with grade 3-4. The result of analysis with chi-square test showed that there was a significant correlation between microalbuminuria with the degree of coronary artery lesion (p < 0.001). The PR score obtained was 2.904 (95% IK 1,681-5,061) indicating that subjects with macroalbuminuria were at risk of having lesions of the coronary arteries with grade 3-4. There was a significant relationship between microalbuminuria and the degree of coronary artery lesion (p < 0.001).
Exercise in outpatient complex rehabilitation and secondary prophylaxis in patients with ischemic heart disease after acute coronary events (a cooperative trial in Russia); Aim. To assess efficacy of early and long-term exercise in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD) after acute coronary events (acute myocardial infarction - AMI, unstable angina - UA, coronary artery bypass grafting - CABG) in wide outpatient medical practice of Russia. Material and methods. Three to eight weeks after the acute coronary event (ACE) 373 patients from different clinics of RF regions were randomized into two groups: the study group (n = 188) and a control one (n = 185). Both groups received standard therapy, the study group performed also a special exercise program (moderate exercise for maximum 1 hour 3 times a week for a year). ne efficacy of the treatment was assessed by clinical, device and biochemical findings during 6-month follow-up. Results. Physical work capacity, total amount of performed work (P 99 in stress test rose in the study group by 26.5% (p < 0,01) and 59.4% (p < 0.01), respectively, HRmax and BPSmax x HRmax increased by 64 and 9.8%, respectively, p < 0.01)
Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) Q192R genotypes and their interaction with smoking strongly increase atherogenicity and the Framingham risk score; Objective: Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) polymorphisms are associated with an increased susceptibility to cardiovascular disease. PON1 Q192R polymorphism (rs662) partially determine PON1 hydrolytic activity and protect against oxidation of LDL and HDL. This study aimed to delineate the association of PON1 status (functional 192 genotype and plasma activity levels) and atherogenicity in urbans residents aged 40 years or more. Materials and methods: Anthropometric data, lipid profiles, the atherogenic index of the plasma (AIP) and Framingham score risk were measured. Three kinetic assays were conducted to assay PON1 status using phenylacetate and 4-(chloromethyl) phenyl acetate as substrates. Results: Smoking per se did not significantly impact the AIP but the interaction PON1 genotype by smoking significantly increased the AIP. In subjects with the RR genotype smoking increased the AIP index from (estimated mean +/- SEM) -0.038 +/- 0.039 to 0.224 +/- 0.094. The QR genotype increased the Framingham risk index by around 1.3 points. Smoking by RR genotype carriers significantly increased the Framingham risk score (17.23 +/- 2.04) as compared to smoking (13.00 +/- 1.06) and non-smoking (7.79 +/- 0.70) by QQ+QR genotype carriers. The interaction RR genotype by smoking was a more important predictor (odds ratio = 7.90) of an increased Framingham risk score (> 20) than smoking per se (odds ratio = 2.73). The interaction smoking by RR genotype carriers significantly increased triglycerides and lowered HDL cholesterol. Conclusion: Smoking per se has no (AIP) or a mild (Framingham risk score) effect on atherogenicity, while the interaction smoking by PON1 RR genotype has a clinically highly significant impact on atherogenicity.
The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction; Background: No-reflow (NR) is the inability to achieve adequate myocardial perfusion despite successful restoration of attegrade blood flow in the infarct-related artery after primary percutaneous coronary intervention. The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio has been shown to be superior to conventional lipid markers in predicting most cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we wanted to reveal the predictive value of the NR by comparing the Non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio with traditional and non-traditional lipid markers in patients who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI) due to ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI).Methods: A total of 1284 consecutive patients who underwent pPCI for STEMI were included in this study. Traditional lipid profiles were detected and non-traditional lipid indices were calculated. Patients were classified as groups with and without NR and compared in terms of lipid profiles.Results: No-reflow was seen in 18.8% of the patients. SYNTAX score, maximal stent length, high thrombus burden, atherogenic index of plasma and non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio were determined as independent predictors for NR (p < 0.05, for all). The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio predicts the development of NR in STEMI patients with 71% sensitivity and 67% specificity at the best cut-off value. In ROC curve analysis, the non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio was superior to traditional and non-traditional lipid markers in predicting NR (p < 0.05, for all).Conclusion: The non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio can be a strong and independent predictor of NR in STEMI patients and and therefore non-HDL-C/HDL-C ratio may be a useful lipid-based biomarker that can be used in clinical practice to improve the accuracy of risk assessment in patients with STEMI.
Traditional and non-traditional lipid parameters as risk factors for sudden sensorineural hearing loss; Objective: The purpose was to explore the effects of traditional and non-traditional lipid parameters on Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss (SSNHL). Methods: The study included 452 patients diagnosed with SSNHL, among whom 206 patients had a level of hearing improvement >= 10 dB after one month of follow-up. A propensity scorematched (2:1) control group was used. Conditional and unconditional logistic regression were used to analyze the risk factors for SSNHL. Results: Patients with SSNHL had a higher risk of concomitant hypertension and elevated atherosclerogenic lipid levels, with apolipoprotein B and apolipoprotein E identified as independent risk factors for the onset of SSNHL. Additionally, the Lipid Comprehensive Index (LCI) was an independent risk factor for the degree of hearing loss. A positive linear correlation was revealed between triglyceride, non -high -density lipoprotein cholesterol, atherogenic index, Castelli risk index, atherogenic index of plasma, LCI and hearing loss. However, no linear relationship was observed between hearing gain and any lipid parameters. When Total Cholesterol (TC) was in the range of borderline high, the treatment effect was the best. However, the statistical significance disappeared upon adjusting for confounding factors. Conclusion: Patients with SSNHL exhibited markedly dysregulated lipid metabolism. Elevated serum lipid levels may be a causative factor in auditory impairment and can influence the extent of hearing loss. Promptly improving cochlear microcirculation may benefit patients with borderline elevated TC. Level of evidence: 4. (c) 2024 Associa & ccedil
Apolipoprotein E Gene Polymorphism in Men with Coronary Atherosclerosis in Siberia; Polymorphism of coding fragment of APOE gene was analyzed in two groups of men. The main group consisted of 77 residents of the West Siberian region aged 45-65 years with coronary atherosclerosis (documented by coronary angiography) without acute coronary syndrome with stable effort angina, functional class II-IV. The reference group consisted of 350 residents of Novosibirsk, aged 45-69 years. Statistically significant associations between genotypes of APOE gene coding part polymorphism and some key lipid risk factors (blood total and LDL cholesterol, atherogenic index, etc.) for coronary atherosclerosis were found in male residents of the West Siberian region. Elevated total mean level of cholesterol was detected in male residents of Novosibirsk with the APOE genotypes containing epsilon 4 allele.
Fibroblast Growth Factor-19 Levels in Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; This study aimed to examine fibroblast growth factor-19 (FGF-19) in type 2 diabetic (T2DM) patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and to evaluate the relationship between FGF-19 and other cardiovascular risk factors, such as atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and hsCRP. 26 T2DM patients with MetS and 12 healthy controls were enrolled in the study. Serum FGF-19 levels were measured by sandwich ELISA, and compared with other cardiovascular risk factors
Associations between serum vitamin D<sub>3</sub>, atherogenic indices of plasma and cardiometabolic biomarkers among patients with diabetes in the KERCADR study; Background We sought the association between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 (25(OH) D-3) levels and atherogenic indices of plasma as novel predictive biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease risk in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods The present study was a nested case-control study conducted on 252 participants with T2DM and controls from the second phase of the KERCADR cohort study. The participants with a mean (+/- SD) age of 49.79 +/- 5.85 years were randomly selected and allocated into case and control groups. Independent t-test, Hierarchical Linear Regression, Univariate ANOVA, and partial correlation were used for analysis the data. Atherogenic indices of plasma include Castelli Risk Index I (CRI I), Castelli Risk Index II (CRI II), and the novel Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), and Atherogenic Coefficient (AC). Results There was a significant difference among case and control groups for AIP in males and females (P < 0.001 and P = 0.007, respectively). The levels of AIP, CRI I, and AC significantly decreased (P = 0.017, P = 0.029, and P = 0.029, respectively) with improved serum vitamin D status only in control male participants. The main effect of BMI and vitamin D status on AIP, CRI I, and AC, and the main effect of BMI on CRI I, CRI II, and AC were significant in control males and females, respectively. Conclusion We conclude that there is a reverse significant association between AIP and serum vitamin D among healthy males. Low serum level of vitamin D is associated with atherogenic dyslipidemia. Therefore, improving vitamin D status as an important indicator may alleviate AIP as a surrogate marker for predicting the risk of CVD events in healthy men and women with normal BMI.
Influence of vanadium on serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles: a population-based study among vanadium exposed workers; Background: Some experimental animal studies reported that vanadium had beneficial effects on blood total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride (TG). However, the relationship between vanadium exposure and lipid, lipoprotein profiles in human subjects remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare the serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles of occupational vanadium exposed and non-exposed workers, and to provide human evidence on serum lipid, lipoprotein profiles and atherogenic indexes changes in relation to vanadium exposure. Methods: This cross-sectional study recruited 533 vanadium exposed workers and 241 non-exposed workers from a Steel and Iron Group in Sichuan, China. Demographic characteristics and occupational information were collected through questionnaires. Serum lipid and lipoprotein levels were measured for all participants. The ratios of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) to HDL-C and apoB to apoA-I were used as atherogenic indexes. A general linear model was applied to compare outcomes of the two groups while controlling possible confounders and multivariate logistic regression was performed to evaluate the relationship between low HDL-C level, abnormal atherogenic index and vanadium exposure. Results: Higher levels of HDL-C and apoA-I could be observed in the vanadium exposed group compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Furthermore, atherogenic indexes (TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, and apoB/apoA-I ratios) were found statistically lower in the vanadium exposed workers (P < 0.05). Changes in HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, and LDL-C/HDL-C were more pronounced in male workers than that in female workers. In male workers, after adjusting for potential confounding variables as age, habits of smoking and drinking, occupational vanadium exposure was still associated with lower HDL-C (OR 0.41
Prognostic value of novel atherogenic indices in patients with acute myocardial infarction with and without type 2 diabetes; Aims: Atherogenic indices: Triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) ratio, Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), Atherogenic Coefficient (AC), Castelli's Risk Index I and II (CRI-I, CRI-II) are used in clinical studies as surrogates of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE). Risk prediction of MACCE in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) has vital role in clinical practice. We aimed to assess prognostic value of these indices following AMI. Methods: We analyzed patients with AMI with and without T2DM and the prognostic values of atherogenic indices for in-hospital death and MACCE within 12 months after AMI. Results: Of 2461 patients, 152 in-hospital deaths (6.2 %) were reported (74 patients [7.4 %] with T2DM and 78 [5.3 %] without T2DM
LIPID INDICES IN TYPEII DIABETES MELLITUS AND THEIR ASSOCIATION WITH MACRO AND MICRO VASCULAR COMPLICATIONS; Background: Type II Diabetes Mellitus patients can develop complications over a prolonged period of time. The alterations in lipid indices can be associated with these complications. Aims: To identify changes in lipid metabolism in type 2 DM in context with the glycemic status, its relative impact on the macro & micro vascular events, and the effects of insulin therapy on the lipid indices. Methods and Material: 158 Type II diabetics were selected as cases and 30 subjects without any coincidental illness as controls were selected for the study. Total cholesterol, Triglyceride, HDL-C, Cholesterol/HDL-C ratio and Atherogenic Index (AI) were estimated and the data was statistically analyzed. Results: Atherogenic index and CHOL/HDL-C levels were significantly higher in diabetics than in controls. Both the indices were also found to be lowered in patients on treatment with insulin. The AI in patients with complications was also significantly higher than those without complications
LIPOPROTEIN-RELATED CORONARY RISK-FACTORS IN PATIENTS WITH ANGIOGRAPHICALLY DEFINED CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE - RELATION TO NUMBER OF STENOSED ARTERIES; To determine whether an index estimating antagonism between low density lipoprotein (LDL) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) would improve separation between groups with and without coronary atherosclerosis, patients undergoing coronary catheterization (35 women and 99 men) were analysed for total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDLc), apolipoprotein A (apo A) and apolipoprotein B (apo B). The subjects were categorized as groups 0, 1, 2 or 3 according to the number of stenosed arteries (>  75% areas stenosis). Thirty of the patients showed no significant coronary atherosclerosis (group 0). Serum apo B concentrations were directly related to the number of stenosed vessels, whereas the concentration of apo A and HDLc were negatively correlated with the number of stenosed arteries. An ''atherogenic Index'' (ATH index) calculated as the product of serum concentrations of apo B, and TC minus HDLc, divided by the product of apo A and HDLc, proved to be more satisfactory than individual lipoprotein components for discrimination between subjects with and without stenosis. Accordingly, identification of coronary groups may be improved by using the ATH index.
HYPOCHOLESTEROLEMIC AND ANTIATHEROSCLEROTIC EFFECTS OF SOLASODINE (C27H42O2N) IN CHOLESTEROL-FED RABBITS; Solasodine (C27H42O2N), a nitrogen analogue of diosgenin reduced serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol by 73.3% and 73.5% and prevented atherogenesis (Atherogenic index-control: 1.99
Prevalence of the coronary artery disease risk factors and 10-year risk of cardiovascular mortality based on HeartScore in people qualified for kidney donation; Background: The living kidney donor is exposed to the renal function impairment as a result of kidney donation, which may increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. It seems justified to identify cardiovascular risk factors prior to kidney donation. Material/Methods: We analyzed data of 50 consecutive potential kidney donors. All individuals underwent clinical examination and lipid profile. For each subject we calculated atherogenic index. To calculate the 10-year risk of cardiovascular death, the HeartScore calculator was used. Results: The most frequent risk factors were obesity, lipid disorders, and smoking. In 72% of subjects, at least 1 of the risk factors was detected. Atherogenic index values considered to indicate high risk of atherosclerosis were found in 16% of subjects. More than 40% of subjects had more than 1 coronary risk factor, and most had 2. In 58% of subjects, the calculated HeartScore risk value was consistent with risk estimated for age, and in 26% it exceeded this value by 1-9% (mean, 3.1%). Conclusions: The prevalence of coronary risk factors is high in potential kidney donors. HeartScore seems to be a useful method to evaluate the risk of cardiovascular mortality in these individuals, and is a simple tool to use in controlling the influence of the modification of risk factors on the global risk in follow-up. Comparison with the value of risk acceptable according to age and sex may oblige the physician to take action to reduce it.
Serum paraoxonase 1 status and its association with atherogenic indexes in gentamicin-induced nephrotoxicity in rats treated with coenzyme Q10; Coenzyme Q10 is a natural antioxidant and scavenger of free radicals. In the present study, we examined the effect of coenzyme Q10 on paraoxonase 1 (PON1) activity, lipid profile, atherogenic indexes and relationship of PON 1 activity by high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and atherogenic indexes in gentamicin (GM)-induced nephrotoxicity rats. Thirty Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into three groups to receive saline
HOMOCYSTEINE CONTENT OF LIPOPROTEINS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA; In order to study the connection between homocysteine and lipid metabolism in atherosclerosis, homocysteine was determined in lipoprotein fractions from men with hypercholesterolemia. All lipoprotein fractions contain a considerably higher level of homocysteine in hypercholesterolemia, compared to normolipemic men, varying from 2.2 to 7.2 times higher, estimated per unit volume of serum used for lipoprotein isolation, and from 2.4 to 4.1 times higher, estimated per gram protein. The largest difference in homocysteine content, estimated per gram protein, is present in the LDL fraction, amounting to 4.1 times higher in the hypercholesterolemic than the normolipemic group. In contrast, cholesterol is not higher in hypercholesterolemic than normolipemic men in any lipoprotein fraction, estimated per gram protein, and cholesterol is higher in hypercholesterolemic men only in the LDL fraction, estimated per unit volume. In both LDL and VLDL fractions homocysteine is correlated with cholesterol (r = 0.78, P < 0.001
Evaluation of lipid parameters and bioindices in patients with different stages of chronic renal failure; Background/Aim. Cardiovascular morbidity and mortality are markedly increased in chronic renal failure (CRF). The aim of this study was to evaluate lipid parameters and bioindices in patients with different stages of CRF. Methods. In 46 hemodialysed (HD), 50 CRF patients with II, III and IV stage of CRF (non-HD) and 48 control subjects triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (C), HDL-C, urea, creatinine, creatinuria (standard biochemical methods), apolipoprotein (apo) A-I, apo B, lipoprotein(a), cystatin C (immunoturbidimetric method) were evaluated, and LDL-C, non-HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, non-HDL-/HDL-C, TG/HDL-C, and new bioindices, LTI (lipid tetrad index), logLTI, LPI (lipid pentad index), logLPI, AIP (atherogenic index of plasma), and creatinine clearance were calculated. Results. There were significant differences in the levels of TG, HDL-C, LDL-C, non-HDL-C, total C and apo A-I between the HD and non-HD patients, and the HD patients and the controls. LTI and LPI were significantly higher in the HD and non-HD patients compared to the controls (p < 0.05), without a good separation by the Box-Whisker plots. The values of TG/HDL-C ratio and AIP were significantly higher in the HD and non-HD-patients compared to the controls (p < 0.05), and significantly higher in the HD compared to non-HD patients (p < 0.05). AIP > 0.11 was found in 71.7% of the HD, 56% of non-HD and 31.3% of the controls. Conclusion. Among lipid parameters and indices, AIP and TG/HDL-C ratio are most suitable for evaluation of lipid disturbances in different stages of CRF. In addition to, non-HDL-/HDL-C, and apoB/A-I ratios, apo A-I, HDL-C and TG are important markers in HD patients. Non-HDL-C is not a suitable marker. LTI and LPI need to be further investigated.
Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol-to- apolipoprotein B ratio as a potential indicator of LDL particle size and plasma atherogenicity in type 2 diabetes; Aims: Atherogenic dyslipidemia, associated with small, dense low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (S-LDL) particles and impaired metabolism of triglycerides (TGs) and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c), leads to the development of atherosclerosis related complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Based on the hypothesis that an LDL-cto-apolipoprotein B ratio (LDL/ApoB) < 1.2 may predict the prevalence of S-LDL, this study aimed to evaluate the LDL/ApoB ratio in patients with type 2 diabetes with moderately elevated TG levels. Methods: The study population consisted of 121 outpatients with type 2 diabetes (S-LDL group, LDL/ApoB 1.2, n = 79
Hyperhomocysteinemia and hyperlipoproteinemia (a) in obese South Indian men: An indication for increased cardiovascular risk; Obesity is a pathological condition which increases the risk for cardiovascular disease. The present study was designed to evaluate homocysteine, lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)], apolipoprotein-B (apo-B), apolipoprotein-A-I (apo-A-I) and lipid indices and their association if any in obese South Indian men. Thirty obese men and thirty age-matched males with normal body weight (controls) were recruited in the study. Plasma homocysteine, Lp(a), lipid profile, apo-A-I and apo-B were estimated in all the subjects. Lipid indices such as lipid pentad index (LPI), lipid tetrad index (LTI), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), non-high density lipoprotein (non-HDL)/high density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio and apo-B/apo-A-I ratio were calculated in all study subjects. Homocysteine, Lp(a), apo-B, apo-B/apo-A-I ratio and lipid indices were significantly increased in obese men, compared to controls. Both homocysteine and Lp(a) were positively correlated with BMI, waist, hip circumference and apo-B and negatively correlated with apo-A-I. Also we found highly significant positive correlation between homocysteine and Lp(a) levels. The data from the present study concludes that non-conventional risk factors like homocysteine, Lp (a), apo-B/apo-A-I ratio, LTI, LPI, non-HDL/HDL ratio and AIP were significantly elevated in obese Indian men, suggesting they are more prone to develop cardiovascular disease, than the age-matched men with normal body weight.
Use of Atherogenic Indices as Assessment Methods of Clinical Atherosclerotic Diseases; Background: The search for clinically useful methods to assess atherosclerotic diseases (ASCVD) with good accuracy, low cost, non-invasiveness, and easy handling has been stimulated for years. Thus, the atherogenic indices evaluated in this study may fit this growing demand.Objectives: To assess the potential of atherogenic indices to evaluate patients with clinical atherosclerosis.Methods: Single-center cross-sectional study, through which the Castelli I and II indices, the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the lipoprotein combine index, and the variation in the peripheral perfusion index between 90 and 120 seconds after an endothelium-dependent (Delta PI90-120) vasodilator stimulus were evaluated in the prediction of atherosclerosis. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05.Results: The sample consisted of 298 individuals with an average age of 63.0 +/- 16.1 years, of which 57.4% were women. Paired comparisons of the ROC curve analysis of the indices that reached the area under the curve (AUC) > 0.6 show that Delta PI(90-120)and AIP were superior to other indices, and no differences were observed between them (difference between AUC = 0.056
Dietary antioxidant intake reduces carotid intima-media thickness in coronary heart disease patients: From the CORDIOPREV study; Background: Atherosclerosis is the leading underlying cause of coronary heart disease (CHD). In patients with CHD, intima-media thickness of common carotid arteries (IMT-CC) is a reliable, validated, and non-invasive marker of the progression of atherosclerosis. Dietary intervention may affect IMT-CC evolution through different pathways. There is a lack of clinical trials evaluating the effect of total dietary antioxidant content of diets on IMT-CC, especially in patients with CHD.Objective: We evaluated the correlation between the diet's total antioxidant content and the changes in IMT-CC produced after 5 years of dietary intervention following two healthy diet models (Mediterranean diet and low-fat diet). We also evaluated whether the diet's total antioxidant content was related to the total redox capacity of the participants.Methods: From the total participants of the CORDIOPREV study (clinical trial register NCT00924937), 805 participants completed the IMT-CC measurement and the dietary antioxidant evaluation at baseline and after 5 years of dietary intervention. IMT-CC was carried out by ultrasound and the dietary antioxidant evaluation was performed by the Dietary Antioxidant Index (DAI). Additionally, direct redox balance was evaluated in a subset of population by the ratio of reduced glutathione (GSH) to oxidized glutathione (GSSH) by colorimetric assay.Results: We observed an inverse correlation between evolution of DAI and IMT-CC after 5-years of dietary intervention. The mean of the DAI index augmented in the Mediterranean Diet group, whereas it decreased in the Low-fat group. DAI was correlated to the GSH/GSSG ratio, supporting DAI as an adequate estimator of diet's antioxidant content. When looking for individual components of the DAI that were associated to the changes in IMT-CC, an inverse correlation was found for carotenoids, vitamin E, vitamin C, and zinc and the IMT-CC. Conclusions: Our study indicates that, after five years of dietary intervention, changes in DAI inversely correlate with changes in IMT-CC in patients with CHD. Overall effect of Mediterranean diet resulted in an increase of DAI, conversely to low-fat. Specific elements included in the DAI index were inversely correlated with IMT-CC.
A randomized, double blind, placebo controlled, multicenter clinical trial to assess the efficacy and safety of <i>Emblica officinalis</i> extract in patients with dyslipidemia; BackgroundDyslipidemia is one of the most frequently implicated risk factors for development of atherosclerosis. This study evaluated the efficacy of amla (Emblica officinalis) extract (composed of polyphenols, triterpenoids, oils etc. as found in the fresh wild amla fruit) in patients with dyslipidemia.MethodsA total of 98 dyslipidemic patients were enrolled and divided into amla and placebo groups. Amla extract (500mg) or a matching placebo capsule was administered twice daily for 12weeks to the respective group of patients. The patients were followed up for 12weeks and efficacy of study medication was assessed by analyzing lipid profile. Other parameters evaluated were apolipoprotein B (Apo B), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1), Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10), high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP), fasting blood sugar (FBS), homocysteine and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH).ResultsIn 12weeks, the major lipids such as total cholesterol (TC) (p=0.0003), triglyceride (TG) (p=0.0003), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (p=0.0064) and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) (p=0.0001) were significantly lower in amla group as compared to placebo group. Additionally, a 39% reduction in atherogenic index of the plasma (AIP) (p=0.0177) was also noted in amla group. The ratio of Apo B to Apo A1 was reduced more (p=0.0866) in the amla group as compared to the placebo. There was no significant change in CoQ10 level of amla (p=0.2942) or placebo groups (p=0.6744). Although there was a general trend of FBS reduction, the numbers of participants who may be classified as pre-diabetes and diabetes groups (FBS>100mg/dl) in the amla group were only 8. These results show that the amla extract used in the study is potentially a hypoglycaemic as well. However, this needs reconfirmation in a larger study.ConclusionsThe Amla extract has shown significant potential in reducing TC and TG levels as well as lipid ratios, AIP and apoB/apo A-I in dyslipidemic persons and thus has scope to treat general as well as diabetic dyslipidemia. A single agent to reduce cholesterol as well as TG is rare. Cholesterol reduction is achieved without concomitant reduction of Co Q10, in contrast to what is observed with statins.Trial registrationRegistered with Clinical Trials Registry- India at www.ctri.nic.in (Registration number: CTRI/2015/04/005682) on 8 April 2015 (retrospectively registered).
Malondialdehyde, lipoprotein-a, lipoprotein ratios, comprehensive lipid tetrad index and atherogenic index as surrogate markers for cardiovascular disease in patients with psoriasis: a case-control study; Psoriasis is now recognized as an immune-mediated inflammatory dermatosis with increased risk for metabolic syndrome, its individual components, and cardiovascular disease. We quantitatively estimated malondialdehyde (MDA), lipoprotein-a (LP-a), lipoprotein ratios, comprehensive lipid tetrad index (CLTI), and atherogenic index (AI), and evaluated cardiovascular risk in 132 (M:F 94:38) patients with psoriasis aged 20-79 years with chronic plaque psoriasis and equal number of age and gender-matched controls. Lipoprotein ratios, CLTI and AI were calculated using standard formulae. Cardiovascular 10-year risk was graded by Framingham risk score (FRS) as low, intermediate and severe. Mild-to-moderate and severe psoriasis was present in 125 (94.7%), and 7 (5.3%) patients, respectively, and 19 (14.39%) patients had psoriatic arthritis. Statistically significant differences were noted for LDL, LDL/HDL, non-HDL/HDL, MDA, LP-a, AI and CLTI. There was a significantly positive correlation between PASI with LP-a (p = 0.003, r = 0.25) and AI (p = 0.012, r = 0.22). Serum levels of MDA correlated positively with LP-a (p < 0.001, r = 0.55), AI (p < 0.001, r = 0.51) and CLTI (p = 0.006, r = 0.24). FRS was low, intermediate and severe in 78%, 18.9%, and 3% patients compared to 85.6%, 13.6%, and 0.8% controls, respectively, and the difference was not statistically significant. Psoriasis appears to be an independent risk factor for elevated serum MDA, LP-a, CLTI and AI. However, whether they can be used as surrogate markers for enhanced cardiovascular risk in patients with psoriasis, remains conjectural.
Associations of Smoking and Drinking with New Lipid-Related Indices in Women with Hyperglycemia; Background: Lipid-related indices are useful for early detection of the risk of cardiovascular disease. The relationships of smoking and alcohol drinking with lipid-related indices in women with diabetes remain to be clarified. Methods: In female participants with hyperglycemia, four lipid-related indices, ratio of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C/HDL-C ratio), atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), lipid accumulation product (LAP), and cardiometabolic index (CMI), were compared in smokers and nonsmokers and in occasional drinkers, regular drinkers, and nondrinkers. Analysis of covariance and logistic regression analysis were used for comparison with adjustment for age, hemoglobin A1c, history of regular exercise, and history of alcohol drinking or smoking. Results: Mean levels of LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, AIP, and CMI were significantly higher in smokers than in nonsmokers, and the odds ratios in smokers versus nonsmokers for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, high AIP, and high CMI were significantly higher than the reference level. These differences in mean levels and odds ratios were not found in analysis of LAP. Mean levels of LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, LAP, AIP, and CMI were significantly lower in regular drinkers than in nondrinkers. The odds ratios versus nondrinkers for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, high AIP, high LAP, and high CMI in regular drinkers were significantly lower than the reference level. The odds ratios versus nondrinkers for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, high LAP, and high CMI in occasional drinkers were also significantly lower than the reference level. Conclusions: In women with hyperglycemia, smoking was positively associated with LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, AIP, and CMI, and habitual alcohol drinking was inversely associated with LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, AIP, LAP, and CMI. Thus, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, AIP, and CMI are thought to be affected by both smoking and alcohol drinking, which accelerates and suppresses atherosclerotic progression, respectively.
Comparison of intermittent with continuous simvastatin treatment in hypercholesterolemic patients with end stage renal failure; Coronary artery disease is the most important cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with end-stage renal failure (RF). Hypercholesterolemia is an important risk factor for coronary heart disease. Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) have difficulties in compliance with their care and treatment. Intermittent simvastatin treatment may help to increase compliance and can be a treatment alternative in patients with CRF at risk of coronary artery disease. We investigated the effects of simvastatin and compared intermittent with continuous simvastatin treatment in hypercholesterolamic patients with CRF. The study group included 40 of 422 CRF patients on dialysis in our clinic. The inclusion criterion was low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) of 130 mg/dL or more. Twenty patients received simvastatin 10 mg/day (continuous group) and 20 patients received simvastatin 20 mg three times a week (only dialysis days- intermittent group) for four months. Nineteen patients served as controls and they were given a prescribed diet only. Total cholesterol (TC) and LDL-C decreased markedly in patients receiving intermittent and continuous simvastatin compared to controls. Continuous simvastatin decreased TC by 23% (P < 0.001) and LDL-C by 39% (P < 0.001). Intermittent simvastatin decreased TC by 26% (P < 0.001) and LDL-C by 40% (P < 0.001). The atherogenic index ratios in both the continuous and intermittent groups (TC/High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and LDL-C/HDL-C) decreased significantly. There was no significant difference in patient compliance between the two groups. Intermittent simvastatin is as effective and reliable as continuous simvastatin treatment and can be an alternative treatment in hypercholesterolemic patients on dialysis.
Cardiovascular risk prediction with cardio-ankle vascular index in the malaysian cohort study; The cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) is an important parameter assessing arterial function. It reflects arterial stiffness from the origin of the aorta to the ankle, and the algorithm is blood pressure independent. Recent data have suggested that a high CAVI score can predict future cardiovascular disease (CVD) events
Comparison of the lipid profile and lipoprotein(a) between sedentary and highly trained subjects; Background: There is consolidated evidence that physical activity exerts beneficial effects on several chronic conditions and longevity, on the basis of its proposed biological effects, especially on lipid profiles. However, debate continues regarding the intensity of activity required for good health, as vigorous physical activity might overwhelm advantageous changes. In addition, little is known so far on the effect of a vigorous and regular aerobic training regimen on emerging markers of cardiovascular risk, such as lipoprotein( a), total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and the atherogenic index of plasma. Methods: To further investigate this topic, an extensive lipid profile, in accordance with the most recent guidelines issued by the American Heart Association (AHA)/American College of Cardiology (ACC) and the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP), was evaluated in 60 healthy male sedentary controls and in a wide population of professional endurance athletes, including 40 male professional cross-country skiers and 102 male professional road cyclists. Results: Total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, TC low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ratio and the atherogenic index of plasma were significantly lower in both categories of professional athletes, whereas the mean HDL-C concentration was significantly higher. The concentration of lipoprotein( a) did not differ significantly between the groups. When compared to current NCEP or AHA/ACC goals, the percentage of patients with undesirable values was statistically different for all parameters tested, apart from lipoprotein( a). According to multiple stepwise logistic regression analysis, lower TC/HDL-C ratio in professional skiers and lower TC/HDL-C ratio and TC in professional cyclists were significantly associated with increased aerobic physical activity. Conclusions: Results of this case-control study confirm that elevated aerobic energy expenditure might be associated with a highly favorable stabilization of most traditional and emerging cardiovascular risk predictors. Therefore, a substantial increase in aerobic physical activity within the population might be recommended to reverse adverse lipid abnormalities, especially in subjects with a higher cardiovascular risk.
The Apolipoprotein B/Apolipoprotein A-I Ratio as a Potential Marker of Plasma Atherogenicity; Background. The apolipoprotein (apo) B/apoA-I ratio represents the balance between apoB-rich atherogenic particles and apoA-I-rich antiatherogenic particles, and this ratio is considered to be a marker of cardiovascular risk. Although many studies have demonstrated the importance of the apoB/apoA-I ratio in predicting the presence or absence of cardiovascular disease, less is known about apoB/apoA-I ratio as a marker of plasma atherogenicity. Methods. A total of 157 normolipidemic men aged 20-59 years were included in the study. The plasma levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), apoA-I, apoB, and apoE were determined after a 12 h fasting period. Results. The median of the apoB/apoA-I ratio in the studied normolipidemic subjects was 0.52, with values ranging from 0.19 to 2.60. The percentage of subjects with the apoB/apoA-I ratio exceeding 0.9 (the accepted risk value of cardiovascular disease) was 19.1%. The subjects with apoB/apoA-I>0.9 were characterized by higher TG levels and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and lower values of ratio of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) to apoB (LDL-C/apoB) and apoE levels compared with men with apoB/apoA-I<0.9. Conclusion. Despite normolipidemia, the subjects with the unfavorable apoB/apoA-I ratio had more atherogenic lipid profile.
Vitamin D insufficiency and its association with adipokines and atherogenic indices in patients with metabolic syndrome: A case-control study; IntroductionVitamin D deficiency is one of the most common nutritional disorders in most countries of the world. The present study was designed and implemented with the aim of investigating the relationship between vitamin D deficiency and the level of adipokines, atherogenesis indicators and factors related to metabolic syndrome. MethodsThis case-control study was done on 195 patients with metabolic syndrome aged 20-50 y who attended the health centers in Zabol County, northeast Iran, between April 2021 and January 2022. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured for all subjects with standard methods. To determine serum 25(OH)D levels, we used enzymatic linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kits. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated as log (TG/HDL-c). The visceral adiposity index (VAI) and the lipid accumulation product (LAP) were estimated according to standard formulas. Results and DiscussionParticipants in the case group had lower serum levels of 25(OH)D compared to controls (19.8 +/- 6.2 ng/ml vs. 41.2 +/- 9.7ng/ml, P<0.001). We found that the mean serum levels of fasting blood sugar (P=0.023) and TG (P=0.008) as well as HOMA-IR (P=0.023) were significantly higher in the cases compared to controls. Also, patients with MetS and vitamin D insufficiency (cases) had higher AIP (P=0.040) and LAP (P=0.012) than controls. Furthermore, serum 25(OH)D levels showed significant inverse correlations with serum RBP-4 and a positive correlation with serum omentin-1 concentrations. The results of the present study showed that vitamin D deficiency correlated with some of the cardiometabolic risk factors among the patients with MetS.
Influence of ω-6/ω-3 rich dietary oils on lipid profile and antioxidant enzymes in normal and stressed rats; To evaluate the influence of omega-6/omega-3 poly unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) containing oils on lipid profile and endogenous antioxidant enzymes in normal and stressed (immobilization) rats, 28 day old male Wistar rats were fed for 45 days with fat enriched special diet (10% fat) prepared with sunflower oil (SO) - omega-6 rich, mustard oil (MO) - omega-3 rich and groundnut oil - control respectively. SO treated normal rats have significantly reduced total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein - cholesterol (HDL-C) and catalase thereby significantly increased the atherogenic index (AI) and lipid peroxidation (LPO). However, treatment with MO increased superoxide dismutase
Assessment of the Antioxidant/Hypolipidemic Relationship of Sideritis hyssopifolia in an Experimental Animal Model; Many publications have described the potential cardioprotective action of different medicinal plants, relating this effect with blood lipid levels. However, these publications do not justify the right amount of plant administered, which can vary greatly. Sideritis hyssopifolia is a little woody plant endemic to western and southwestern Europe. We have quantified its antioxidant activity, which can be used as an indicator of its cardioprotective action. This study evaluates the antioxidant capacity of Sideritis hyssopifolia to design a feed whose hypolipidemic effects are proven in cholesterol-fed New Zealand rabbits. Antioxidant action was assessed in infusions, which were prepared with 1 or 3 g of plant in 200 mL of water by using an ABTS assay and expressed as Ascorbic acid Equivalent Antioxidant Capacity (AEAC). Aqueous infusions with infusion times of 10 min and prepared with 3 g plant exhibited the strongest antioxidant activity. Sideritis hyssopifolia showed an intermediate antioxidant capacity for the concentrations and times of the infusion tested. According to our results, we suggest incorporating 2.36 g of S. hyssopifolia every 150 g of rabbit feeding stuff (15.73 g/kg). This chow decreased cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides levels in cholesterol-fed rabbits, as well as the atherogenic index. This reduction was similar to that obtained with simvastatin.
Serum Lipid Profile in Reproductive Age Women in Abakaliki, South-East Nigeria; Background: Parity has been associated with changes in serum lipid concentrations. This may have implications for cardiovascular health of women. Aims: The objective of the study was to evaluate atherogenic risk in a sample of reproductive age women in Abakaliki, southeast Nigeria, using lipid ratios like the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), Castelli's Risk Index (CRI) and Atherogenic coefficient (AC). Subjects and Methods: This questionnaire based survey was conducted in one of the federal tertiary hospital in southeast Nigeria. Sampling was by non-probability purposive sampling technique. Study participants were drawn from women who had come for gynecological consultation, between December 1st 2014 and October 31th 2015. They were arbitrary classified into four groups based on their parity. The survey instrument was administered to the participants after obtaining an informed consent, and blood samples were drawn and analyzed for HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides and total cholesterol. Atherogenic risk ratios were derived from these lipid parameters and analyzed for statistical differences. Data analysis was by descriptive and inferential statistics using IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, version 24.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp. Results: The age of the women ranged from 17 to 65 years with a mean age of 32.9 (8.6) years. The lipid ratios were significantly different among the groups, especially for the AIP, CRI-I and II (p-values 0.03
Urban-Rural Differences in Atherogenic Dyslipidaemia (URDAD Study): A Retrospective Report on Diabetic and Non-diabetic Subjects of Northern India; Diabetes and urbanization are major contributors to increased risk factors of cardiovascular diseases. Studying whether atherogenic dyslipidaemia increases with urbanization in type 2 diabetes mellitus is, therefore, important. The sample of the present study consisted of 400 subjects. They were categorized according to residential area and diabetes into four groups: urban diabetic group, urban non-diabetic control group (from a metropolitan city Delhi), rural non-diabetic diabetic group, and rural control group (from villages of Khanpur Kalan, Sonepat, Haryana). Differences in lipid levels and risk factors of emerging cardiovascular diseases between groups were evaluated with analysis of variance. Diabetic patients of both urban and rural areas had significantly higher total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL), TC to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC/HDL) ratio, TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL) ratio, and atherogenic index (AI) compared to respective controls (p<0.05). The HDL concentrations in urban diabetics were significantly lower (p<0.05) than in urban non-diabetic group and rural diabetic group. Comparison between urban and rural diabetic groups showed significantly higher atherogenic dyslipidaemia (AD) in the urban patient-group (p<0.05). We evaluated significant relationships of diabetes and urbanization with AD by multiple regression analysis. Receiver operating curve (ROC) analysis showed high area under curve (AUC) for TG/HDL in urban diabetic group (0.776, p<0.0001) and in rural diabetic group (0.692, p<0.0001). It is concluded that diabetes was associated with higher AD parameters. Urbanization in diabetes is also associated with elevated levels of AD, indicating higher risk in urban population. This study suggests that TG/HDL may be particularly useful as atherogenic risk predictor in newly-diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients.
Dietary Fish and Sesame Oil Effects on Serum Lipid Profile of Rats Fed on Coconut Oil Based High Fat Diet; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the role of dietary fish and sesame oils as protective agents or for treatment of hyperlipidemia. Materials and Methods: There were two experiments addressing protective and treatment effects respectively. First experiment had five groups of ten male albino rats. All groups were fed on respective diets for 12 weeks
Lipid profile in patients with newly diagnosed coronary heart disease: 2012 and 2013 cross-sectional study in Luis Vernaza Hospital, Ecuador; Introduction Endothelial dysfunction is an early event in the progression of atherosclerosis, and it appears in pathologies such as dyslipidemias. Certain pro-inflammatory enzymes are associated negatively with high-density lipoproteins (HDL) and positively with low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Calculating the atherogenic index greatly complements the study of these diseases. Lipid alterations have a high prevalence in Ecuadorian and Latin American populations. Better knowledge of which lipid alteration is the most prevalent would bring more attention to the subject, leading to early treatment. The goal of this study is to describe the complete lipid profile alterations in patients recently diagnosed with ischemic heart disease and find which of these is the most prevalent. Methods We designed a cross-sectional, descriptive study that included patients from the Cardiology Service of the "Hospital Luis Vernaza" who presented with the first episode of ischemic heart disease between January 2012 and 2013. There were 220 patients with that diagnosis. One-hundred and thirty-one (131) were excluded because they did not meet inclusion criteria. The final sample comprised 89 patients. Results We found 41 (46.06%) patients with low HDL levels, 49 (55.05%) with high LDL levels, 28 (31.46%) with high triglycerides, 24 (26.96%) with high cholesterol levels, 25 (28.08%) with high VLDL levels, 26 (29.21%) had values over 5 in the Castelli index, and 32 (35.95%) had LDL/HDL values higher than 3. Discussion It is of great importance to have a complete lipid profile from patients recently diagnosed with ischemic heart disease in order to work on secondary prevention. The most prevalent alteration found in our study was high LDL levels. The percentage of patients with low HDL was similar to other Latin American populations. More studies are needed to gain a more accurate idea of the status of the general population in this regard.
A Comparative Study of Lipid Profile and Oestradiol in Pre- and Post-Menopausal Women; Objectives: To investigate the relationship between the menopausal status and related hormonal variation of oestradiol with plasma lipid concentrations. Material and Methods: Fifty premenopausal women and fifty postmenopausal women subjects were selected. Data was collected through clinical evaluation from questionnaires and laboratory investigations. Plasma oestradiol and lipid profile determinations were done by using competitive binding immunoassay methods and enzymatic methods respectively. Student's T test and Pearson's test of correlation were used for the statistical analysis. P-values of < 0.05 were considered to be statistically significant. Results: There was a significant increase in serum Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglycerides (TG), LDL-cholesterol and VLDLcholesterol levels in post-menopausal women. HDL-cholesterol level was significantly decreased in post-menopausal women. The calculated atherogenic index (Total Cholesterol/ HDL ratio) was significantly increased in post-menopausal women as compared to that in premenopausal women. Oestradiol concentration was significantly lower (p< 0.001) in post-menopausal women. Discussion: Oestrogen changes the vascular permeability by increasing nitrous oxide production. It maintains a healthy lipoprotein profile. It stabilizes the endothelial cells, enhances antioxidant effect and alters fibrinolysis protein. All these cardioprotective mechanisms are lost in menopause. Postmenopausal women develop an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: Menopause leads to changes in lipid profile by reducing HDL, and elevating Total Cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), LDL-cholesterol and VLDL-cholesterol, thus increasing the risk for cardiovascular disease. These changes are caused by reduced oestrogen concentrations which are seen in menopause.
Using Deep Learning for Calculation Detection in Coronary Artery Disease Intravascular Ultrasound Image; Coronary artery calcification is also part of atherosclerosis in cardiovascular systems. In this study, we present an automatics deep learning systems to detect the presence and the absent of calcification in intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) images. The standard practice for radiologists and clinicians to detect calcification are using visual inspection. The proposed system used Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), named AlexNet model, with six types of classifiers (Support Vector Machine, Discriminant Analysis, Ensembles, Decision Tree, K-Nearest neighbour and Naive Bayes). The dataset B from MICCAI challenge 2011 consists of 1643 with calcification absent and 530 images with calcification present is used to demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed automatic deep learning approach. The performance measures recorded are Accuracy, Sensitivity, Specificity, Positive predictive value and Negative predictive value. The performance is compared to the ground truth provided by the MICCAI challenge 2011. For testing and training, the cross-validation k-fold used are 2, 3, 5 and 10. The accuracy of one is obtained using four classifiers namely Support Vector Machine, Discriminant Analysis, Ensembles and k-Nearest neighbour using a Cartesian coordinate image when taken with k-fold=10. This is followed by Decision Tree classifier with an accuracy of 0.9890 using Polar Reconstructed Warp Coordinate images and Naive Bayes classifier with an accuracy of 0.8464 when using Cartesian Warp coordinate images.
Relationship between Vitamin D Insufficiency, Lipid Profile and Atherogenic Indices in Healthy Women Aged 18-50 Years; Although vitamin D insufficiency has been correlated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), there are few data on the association between 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and atherogenic indices predictive of CVD. This study investigated the relationship of vitamin D status with lipid profile and atherogenic indices in adult women in Morocco. Three hundred women aged 18 to 50 years from Meknes were included. Fasting 25(OH)D and lipid concentrations were assayed by a one-step electrochemiluminescence-based immunoassay and an enzymatic method, respectively. Atherogenic indices (atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), atherogenic coefficient (AC), non-HDL cholesterol (non-HDL-C), Castelli risk indices I and II (CRI-I and II), and CHOLIndex (CI)) were calculated using conventional lipid parameters. Logistic regression models and operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis were used to assess the relationship of the variables and estimate the threshold of 25(OH)D levels associated with high atherogenic indices. 25(OH) D below 20 ng/mL was significantly associated with an enhanced risk of hypertriglyceridemia and elevated values of AIP, AC, non-HDL-C, and CRI-I with an OR (95% CI) of 4.904 (1.856-12.959), 3.637 (2.149-6.158), 3.589 (1.673-7.700), 2.074 (1.215-3.540), and 2.481 (1.481-4.123), respectively. According to the ROC analysis, the likelihood of hypertriglyceridemia and high values of AIP, AC, non-HDL-C, and CRI-I were associated with 25(OH)D thresholds <= 15.15 ng/mL, <= 17.5 ng/mL, <= 19.8 ng/mL, <= 20.1 ng/mL, and <= 19.5 ng/mL, respectively, all p < 0.01. Based on the atherogenic indices, this study indicates that vitamin D below 20 ng/mL may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in adult women. Additional health measures are essential to raise awareness among women and health professionals of preventing and controlling cardiovascular risk factors, particularly among young individuals.
Fats of Pigs of Different Breeds and Chemical Composition in the Diet of Animals; Background The studies were carried out on quails, in the feed of which fat of various compositions was added. Objective To establish the effect of adding fat from pigs of different breeds and vegetable oil to quail feed on their growth, productivity, and characteristics of lipid metabolism. Methods Three groups of 60 chickens each were fed with vegetable oil (control) and fat of two pig breeds sharply differing in the chemical composition of fat - Kemerovo (K) and Pietrain (P) up to 23 weeks of age (3.0 - 3.5% of the mass of the diet). At 8 and 23 weeks of age, 10 individuals from each group underwent biochemical blood tests. Results The most rapid growth was observed in quails fed with K-breed fat. The level of total cholesterol (TC) during the period of the experiment in quails significantly decreased, including those receiving vegetable oil - by 1.49 times, fat of the K breed - by 1.58 times, fat breed P - 1.32 times. The atherogenic index (AI) turned out to be significantly higher (P < 0.01) in quails that received fat of the P breed, containing a high level of TC and rich in PUFA (0.93 conventional units against 0.69 in birds that received fat of the K breed and 0.57 - in the control group). Conclusion The obtained data indicate that fat of breed K is more useful for animal nutrition and maybe a priority in human nutrition.
Lipid regulation in elderly hyperlipidemic patients - Results with etofyllin clofibrate; The objective of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy and the tolerance of the lipid lowering compound etofyllin clofibrate (Duolip(R) 500) in elderly hyperlipidemic patients. Data from 1862 male and female patients in the age of 61 to 95 years with lipid disorders, who had entered a drug monitoring were analyzed. After treatment for 3 to 4 month with 500 mg etofyllin clofibrate, s.i.d., HDL-cholesterol which is of particular importance in older patients increased by 26.4%. At the same time plasma cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and serum triglycerides fell by 16.4%, 19.3% and 29.1%, respectively. The ratio of total plasma- to HDL-cholesterol decreased by 30.2%. Only 2.8% of all patients reported side effects, mainly mild gastrointestinal complaints. This evaluation shows that etofyllin clofibrate improves prognostically unfavourable lipid parameters in older patients in an effective and safe way and hence improves important risk factors for mortality and morbidity associated with coronary heart disease.
Anti-atherogenic effects of seabuckthorn (<i>Hippophaea rhamnoides</i>) seed oil; Seabuckthorn (SBT) seed oil is a rich source of unsaturated fatty acids, phytosterols, carotenoids and flavonoids, which are known to have significant anti-atherogenic and cardioprotective activity. The anti-atherogenic activity of supercritical CO2 extracted SBT seed oil was evaluated in white albino rabbits fed on high cholesterol diet for 60 days. The study was performed on 20 male healthy rabbits divided into four groups of 5 animals each. Group I - control, group II - SBT seed oil, group III - cholesterol (1%) for 60 days, group IV - cholesterol + SBT seed oil. After 30 days of high cholesterol diet, group IV rabbits received 1 ml of SBT seed oil daily for 30 days. Blood total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglyceride (TG) levels were measured before and after the administration of SBT seed oil. The vasorelaxant activity of the seed oil was studied in vitro using aortic ring model technique and changes in isometric force were recorded using a polygraphic recording system. Accumulation of cholesterol in the aorta was studied using Sudan-IV staining technique. SBT seed oil feeding to normal rabbits for 18 days caused a significant decline in plasma cholesterol, LDL-C, atherogenic index (AI) and LDL/HDL ratio. The HDL-C levels, HDL-C/TC ratio (HTR) and vasorelaxant activity of the aorta were significantly increased. In cholesterol-fed animals the TC, TG, LDL-C and AI were significantly increased and showed a decline following seed oil administration. The increase in HDL-C was more marked in seed oil treated hypercholesterolemic animals. The acetylcholine-induced vasorelaxant activity was significantly decreased in cholesterol-fed animals and could be restored to that of normal values by seed oil administration. These observations suggest that supercritical CO2 extracted SBT seed oil has significant anti-atherogenic and cardioprotective activity. (C) 2007 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
PURIFICATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF VERY LOW-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN TOXICITY PREVENTING ACTIVITY; Toxicity preventing activity (TxPA) is a recently identified substance in serum which counteracts the toxic effect of very low density lipoproteins upon endothelial cells in vitro. In two clinical studies, TxPA was low in indiviudals with angiographically demonstrable coronary artery disease. An atherogenic index which combines TxPA with lipoprotein cholesterol values classifies individuals with coronary artery disease with an accuracy of greater than 93%. TxPA precipitates with 0.15 M trichloroacetic acid and above 3 M (NH4)2SO4. Activity is present in Cohn fractions IV4 and V and is stabilized by antioxidants. TxPA co-elutes with the albumin peak on gel filtration chromatography and as a subcomponent of albumin on ion-exchange chromatography. Isoelectric focusing resolves albumin into two major peaks wiht pI values of 4.8 and 5.6. The TxPA is identified as the pI 5.6 albumin peak.
The Experience of Totally Endoscopic Coronary Bypass Grafting with the Robotic System "Da Vinci" in Russia; A new technology - a thoracoscopic coronary bypass grafting with the use of Da Vinci robotic system in Russia is represented by the experience of NRICP. The technology was introduced in Russia in 2011. Overall, one hundred endoscopic coronary artery bypass procedures were performed. We have compared and analyzed results of coronary artery stenting vs minimally invasive coronary artery bypass grafting. According to the results, totally endoscopic coronary artery bypass grafting has several advantages over alternative treatment strategies.
THE EFFECT OF ALCOHOL-WITHDRAWAL ON SERUM CONCENTRATIONS OF LP(A), APOLIPOPROTEIN-A-I AND APOLIPOPROTEIN-B, AND LIPIDS; Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease. The mechanism of the putative protective effect of alcohol intake, however, remains elusive. Recent studies suggest that a ratio of apolipoprotein A-I/apolipoprotein B and Lp(a) are better indicators of the risk of atherosclerosis than total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein cholesterol. To assess the effect of alcohol on these analytes, we determined the concentration of Lp(a), apolipoprotein A-I, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and calculated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in serum of 12 patients meeting DSM-III-R criteria for alcohol dependence at the time of admission for treatment of alcohol withdrawal (before). The analyses were repeated after 4 weeks of supervised abstinence on a locked research unit (after). With abstinence, there was a significant increase in the concentration of Lp(a), the atherogenic index and the ratio of low-density to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol but a significant decrease in total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I, and the apolipoprotein A-I/B ratio. Apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol showed no significant changes before and after alcohol abstinence. Thus, decreased Lp(a) and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I may be factors mediating the putative protective effect of alcohol in coronary artery disease.
Fatty acid profile, oxidative stability of pork lipids and meat quality indicators are not affected by birth weight; The aim of this study was to investigate whether fatty acid (FA) profile, oxidative stability of lipids and other meat quality traits differed between high (HW: 1.8 to 2.2 kg) and low (LW: 0.8 to 1.2 kg) birth weight piglets. Forty new-born male pigs (n=20 HW, n=20 LW) were reared in separate pens until the finishing period, when they were slaughtered at 150 days of age, and pH and temperature were measured in the carcass. Afterwards, the Longissimus dorsi muscle was excised from the carcass, and samples were collected for subsequent meat quality analyses (thaw loss, cooking loss, shear force, chemical analysis and sensory analysis for tenderness). Birth weight had minor impacts on meat quality traits, which were limited to higher shear force in the LW group (P<0.01). Chemical components (moisture, protein, fat, ash), cholesterol levels and lipid oxidation (thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances) were not affected by birth weight (P>0.05). FA profile and the amount of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids were similar, but HW pigs had higher atherogenic index than their LW counterparts (P<0.01). Notwithstanding the higher shear force presented by the lower birth weight pigs, in the sensory test, the panelists did not detect any differences in the tenderness of pork from HW and LW animals. Therefore, our results suggest that low birth weight has minimal impact on meat quality.
Shared metabolic and immune-inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative stress pathways in the metabolic syndrome and mood disorders; This review examines the shared immune-inflammatory, oxidative and nitrosative stress (IO & NS) and metabolic pathways underpinning metabolic syndrome (MetS), bipolar disorder (BD) and major depressive disorder (MDD). Shared pathways in both MetS and mood disorders are low grade inflammation, including increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and acute phase proteins, increased lipid peroxidation with formation of malondialdehyde and oxidized low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), hypernitrosylation, lowered levels of antioxidants, most importantly zinc and paraoxonase (PON1), increased bacterial translocation (leaky gut), increased atherogenic index of plasma and Castelli risk indices
The effect of fibrate-statin combination therapy on cardiovascular events: a retrospective cohort analysis; Objective: To investigate the long-term efficacy of fibrate-statin combination therapy on cardiovascular events as opposed to lipid levels. Research design and methods: A retrospective analysis was performed of patients attending metabolic clinics. Cardiovascular risk factor, baseline and final lipid data and details of concomitant drug therapies were gathered on all subjects. Outcome measure: The occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) was recorded and major prognostic factors associated with outcome determined. Results: A total of 318 patients with mixed dyslipidaemia were identified on fibrate-statin therapy. Follow-up comprised an average of 7.5 years totalling 2400 patient-years. Patients were 78% male aged 62 years and 68% had evidence of previous cardiovascular disease (CVD). Smoking was present in 17%, hypertension in 41% and 32% had established diabetes. Baseline lipid parameters were total cholesterol (TC) 6.84 mmol/L, triglycerides (TG) 6.09 mmol/L and HDL-C 1.09 mmol/L. Fibrate-statin combination reduced TC by 27% to 4.64 mmol/L, TG by a median 42% to 2.33 mmol/L and increased HDL-C by 21% to 1.22 mmol/L. Non-HDL-C was reduced by 35% and apolipoprotein B by 17%. MACE occurred in 25%. Logistic regression analysis showed that patients with MACE had higher initial TC (7.02 vs. 6.80 mmol/L
Association of circulating selenium concentration with dyslipidemia: Results from the NHANES; Background: Observational studies have suggested that selenium levels might associate with the risk of cardiometabolic diseases, but how circulating selenium is related to dyslipidemia remains inconclusive. Objectives: To investigate the association of circulating selenium levels with lipid profiles and dyslipidemia among US adults. Methods: Using the data collected from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 1999-2006), we performed multivariate logistic regression to examine the association of circulating selenium levels (in quartiles) with total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), non-HDL-C, and atherogenic index (AI). Results: We included 2903 adults (49.3 % male) (average age: 61.9) for analysis. Circulating selenium had nonlinear association with TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, and AI (all p < 0.05). When comparing with the lowest quartile, subjects with the highest quartile of circulating selenium (> 147.00 mu g/L) had the higher odds of elevated TG (OR: 1.75, 95% CI = 1.14, 2.68), TC (OR: 2.47, 95% CI = 1.62, 3.76), LDL-C (OR: 2.52, 95% CI = 1.60, 3.96), non-HDL-C (OR: 2.17, 95% CI= 1.41, 3.33), AI (OR: 1.20, 95% CI = 0.73, 1.97) and low-HDL-C (OR: 2.10, 95% CI = 1.19, 3.72). Similar patterns were observed in subgroup analysis. Conclusions: Higher circulating selenium levels had non-linear association with lipid profiles and the increased odds of dyslipidemia.
Imbalance in superoxide dismutase/thioredoxin reductase activities in hypercholesterolemic subjects: relationship with low density lipoprotein oxidation; Background: There is a relationship among hypercholesterolemia, oxidative stress and inflammation in the atherogenesis. Thus, the objective of the present study was to assess paraoxonase (PON1), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and thioredoxin reductase (TrxR-1) activities and their relationship with lipids, oxidative stress and inflammation in subjects with different low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL) levels. Methods: Serum lipids, highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), lipid and protein oxidation, oxidized LDL (LDLox) and LDLox autoantibodies (LDLoxAB) levels and enzymes activities were measured in a total of 116 subjects that were divided into the following groups according to their LDL levels: low-LDL group (LDL < 100 mg/dL, n = 23), intermediate-LDL group (LDL 100-160 mg/dL, n = 50) and high-LDL group (LDL > 160 mg/dL, n = 43). Results: The LDLox and hs-CRP levels increased in the high-LDL group (2.7- and 3.7-fold, respectively), whereas the intermediate and high-LDL groups had higher LDLoxAB (2.2- and 3.1-fold) when compared to low-LDL group (p < 0.05). Similarly, SOD activity, the atherogenic index (AI) and protein oxidation were also higher in the intermediate (1.3-, 1.3- and 1.2-fold) and high-LDL (1.6-, 2.3- and 1.6-fold) groups when compared to the low-LDL group (p < 0.05). Lipid oxidation and SOD/TrxR-1 ratio increased only in the high-LDL group (1.3- and 1.6-fold) when compared to the low-LDL group (p < 0.05). The SOD/TrxR-1 ratio was positively correlated to TBARS (r = 0.23, p < 0.05), LDLox (r = 0.18, p < 0.05), LDLoxAB (r = 0.21, p < 0.05), LDL (r = 0.19, p < 0.05) and AI (r = 0.22, p < 0.05). PON1 and TrxR-1 activities were similar among groups. Conclusions: Some oxidative events initiate when LDL levels are clinically acceptable. Moreover, hypercholesterolemic patients have an imbalance in SOD and TrxR-1 activities that is positively associated to LDL oxidation.
Increased Peripheral Proinflammatory T Helper Subsets Contribute to Cardiovascular Complications in Diabetic Patients; Background. Coronary atherosclerotic heart disease (CHD) is one of the major concerns in type 2 diabetes (T2D). The systemic chronic inflammation has been postulated to bridge the increased risk of cardiovascular disease and T2D. We formulated that increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets contributed to the development of cardiovascular complications in diabetic patients. Methods. The frequencies of peripheral total CD4+ T helper cells, proinflammatory Th1, Th17, and Th22 subsets were determined by flow cytometry in diabetic patients with or without CHD (n = 42 and 67, resp.). Results. Both peripheral frequencies and total numbers of Th1, Th17, and Th22 cells were further increased in diabetic patients with CHD. Logistic regression and categorical cross-table analysis further confirmed that increased proinflammatory Th subsets, especially Th22, were independent risk factors of cardiovascular complication in diabetes. Elevated Th subsets also correlated with increased CRP levels and the atherogenic index of plasma. Moreover, Th1 frequency and Th22 numbers demonstrated remarkable potential in predicting CHD in diabetes. Conclusions. Increased peripheral proinflammatory T helper subsets act in concert and contribute to the increased prevalence of diabetic cardiovasculopathy. The recently identified Th22 cells might play an independent role in CHD and represent a novel proxy for cardiovascular risks in diabetes.
Atherogenic Risk Assessment among Persons Living in Rural Uganda; Background. Hypertension and dyslipidemia are independent risk factors for coronary heart disease and commonly coexist. Cardiovascular risk can be reliably predicted using lipid ratios such as the atherogenic index, a useful prognostic parameter for guiding timely interventions. Objective. We assessed the cardiovascular risk profile based on the atherogenic index of residents within a rural Ugandan cohort. Methods. In 2011, a population based survey was conducted among 7507 participants. Sociodemographic characteristics, physical measurements (blood pressure, weight, height, and waist and hip circumference), and blood sampling for nonfasting lipid profile were collected for each participant. Atherogenic risk profile, defined as logarithm base ten of (triglyceride divided by high density lipoprotein cholesterol), was categorised as low risk (<0.1), intermediate risk (0.1-0.24), and high risk (>0.24). Results. Fifty-five percent of participants were female and the mean age was 49.9 years (SD +/- 20.2). Forty-two percent of participants had high and intermediate atherogenic risk. Persons with hypertension, untreated HIV infection, abnormal glycaemia, and obesity and living in less urbanised villages were more at risk. Conclusion. A significant proportion of persons in this rural population are at risk of atherosclerosis. Key identified populations at risk should be considered for future intervention against cardiovascular related morbidity and mortality. The study however used parameters from unfasted samples that may have a bearing on observed results.
Non-traditional Lipid Parameters as Potential Predictors of Asymptomatic Intracranial Arterial Stenosis; Background: Intracranial arterial stenosis (ICAS) is a common cause of stroke. Identifying effective predictors of ICAS that could be easily obtained in clinical practice is important. The predictive values of serum individual lipid parameters have been well-established. In recent years, several non-traditional lipid parameters demonstrated greater predictive values for cardiovascular disease and ischemic stroke than traditional individual lipid parameters. However, their effects on asymptomatic ICAS (aICAS) are less clear. Therefore, we sought to observe the effects of non-traditional lipid parameters on aICAS. Methods: We enrolled 5,314 participants from the Asymptomatic Polyvascular Abnormalities in Community study. Asymptomatic ICAS was detected by transcranial Doppler ultrasonography (TCD). Non-traditional lipid parameters, including non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), the triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (TG/HDL-C), atherogenic coefficient (AC), atherogenic index of plasma, and Castelli's risk index (CRI) were measured. We used multivariable logistic analysis to assess the association of different lipid parameters with aICAS
SERUM PARAMETERS AS DISCRIMINATORS BETWEEN NORMAL AND CORONARY GROUPS; Several serum parameters were evaluated as discriminators between a normal (N) and a coronary disease (MI) group. The best discriminating parameters were Sof 0-400 lipo-protein concentrations and the calculated atherogenic index. The means of the N and MI groups for each lipoprotein class were significantly separated. Total cholesterol was a less effective discriminator than total [beta]-lipoprotein concentration or atherogenic index, but more effective than [beta]-cholesterol or lipid phosphorus. The data indicate that (a) some importance must be ascribed to the protein components of the lipoprotein moieties, and (b) a re-evaluation of the weighting factors in the calculated atherogenic index might lead to a more sensitive parameter.
Determinants of Preclinical Atherosclerosis Are Different in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetic Women; Diabetes mellitus type 2 ranks among the strongest predictors of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) while the association of type 1 diabetes with CVD is more complex. We studied differences between type 1 and 2 diabetic women regarding association of cardiovascular risk factors with preclinical atherosclerosis expressed as intima-media thickness of common carotid (IMT CCA) and femoral arteries (IMT CFA) measured by high resolution ultrasound. Women with type 1 (n=203) and type 2 diabetes (n=123) were examined with regard to the presence of cardiovascular risk factors. In type 1 diabetic women strong association between IMT CCA and body mass index, waist circumference, and total body fat was found in contrast to type 2 diabetic women. In type 2 diabetic women strong association between IMT CCA and fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and atherogenic index of plasma (log TG/HDL cholesterol) was observed in contrast to type 1 diabetic women. In type 1 diabetic women, IMT CFA was associated with body fat in contrast to type 2 diabetic women. Preclinical atherosclerosis in type 1 diabetic women was strongly associated with factors reflecting body fat and its distribution, while in type 2 diabetic women preclinical atherosclerosis was associated with markers reflecting glucose and lipid metabolic disorders.
Atherosclerosis risk assessment in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a case-control study; Purpose: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is considered as a risk factor for atherosclerosis and a leading cause of mortality due to cardiovascular disease (CVD). The study assessed the association of COPD with atherosclerotic risk factors and compared the predictor role of various cardiovascular (CV) risk score calculators in Indian subjects with COPD. Patients and methods: Forty subjects with stable COPD and forty age, gender and body mass index (BMI)-matched healthy controls were included in the case-control study conducted in a tertiary care hospital. Atherogenic indices were calculated by using the values of lipid parameters. CV risk calculators were utilized to assess the 10-year CV risk for the COPD group. Results: The study subjects had a mean age of 60.83 +/- 12.40 years in COPD group and 57.73 +/- 9.49 years in control group (p=0.213). Gender distribution was similar in both the groups. The mean High sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were 3.70 +/- 2.37 mg/L in COPD group and 2.39 +/- 2.23 mg/L in control group. The hs-CRP levels were significantly higher in COPD than in control subjects (p=0.012). Using bivariate correlations, we found significant positive correlations between hs-CRP and atherogenesis indices-atherogenic index of plasma, cardiogenic risk ratio, atherogenic coefficient in COPD patients [(r=0.4265, p<0.006)
CARDIOVASCULAR RISK PROFILE IN SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS AND RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS: A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF FEMALE PATIENTS; Objective: Premature atherosclerosis is well-documented both in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) and in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) patients, but cardiovascular (CV) risk is particularly high in lupus women. Although conventional CV risk factors do not fully explain the excessive risk in inflammatory diseases, they remain major contributors to atherosclerosis. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether CV risk factors are differentially associated with SLE and RA. Methods: One hundred women with SLE, 98 with RA and 102 controls matched on age and without overt CV or renal disease were assessed for the presence of Framingham (hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, low HDL, diabetes, smoking) and other CV risks (atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), insulin resistance, obesity, central obesity, metabolic syndrome, uric acid, sedentarism, hypothyroidism and family history of premature CV disease). Results: Modifiable CV risk factors are highly prevalent and occur more frequently in SLE and RA than in age-matched controls. Some differences in Framingham risk factors were found between SLE and RA, with hypertension being more common in young lupus women, hypercholesterolemia more frequent in RA and low HDL-C more frequent in SLE. However, the estimated 10-year Framingham CHD risk or the Reynolds Risk Score was comparable in both diseases. Although hypercholesterolemia was more frequent in RA, lupus women display a more atherogenic lipid profile, with significantly lower HDL-C levels (56.5 +/- 16 mg/dl versus 63.7 +/- 18
The antiatherogenic effect of bixin in hypercholesterolemic rabbits is associated to the improvement of lipid profile and to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects; Hypercholesterolemia and oxidative stress have been implicated in the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. We investigated whether the carotenoid bixin (BIX) may reduce oxidative damage, inflammatory response, and the atherosclerotic lesion induced by hypercholesterolemia in rabbits. Rabbits received regular chow (control) or a hypercholesterolemic diet (0.5 % cholesterol) alone or supplemented with BIX (10, 30 or 100 mg/kg body weight, b. w.) or simvastatin (15 mg/kg b. w.) for 60 days. Treatment with BIX or simvastatin reduced the atherosclerotic lesions in cholesterolfed rabbits (up to 55 and 96 % reduction, respectively). This protective effect of BIX was accompanied by decrease in the levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha by 15 %, interleukin 6 by 19 %, lipid peroxidation by 60 %, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) by 37 %, and triglycerides by 41 %. BIX increased by 160 % the HDL-C levels and decreased by 67 % the atherogenic index of hypercholesterolemic rabbits. In atherosclerotic rabbits, the non-protein thiol groups content and the activity of the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione reductase, and thioredoxin reductase were increased in the aortic tissue, whereas paraoxonase activity was reduced in the serum. All these changes were completely prevented by BIX or simvastatin treatment. These results demonstrate that BIX reduces the extent of atherosclerotic lesions and this effect was associated with the decrease in oxidative stress, inflammatory response, and improvement of dyslipidemia, which were most effectively controlled after treatment with 10-30 mg BIX/kg b. w. BIX consumption may, therefore, be an adjuvant to prevent atherosclerosis reducing risk factors for coronary diseases.
Antihyperlipidemic and anti-hyperglycemic effects of <i>Cymbopogon jwarancusa</i> in high-fat high-sugar diet model; Hyperlipidemia is the root cause for development of atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension and cerebral palsy. Cymbopogon jwarancusa is an aromatic grass (Rusha grass, khavi grass) belonging to family Poaceaea. C. jwarancusa essential oil is famous for its use in perfumery, soaps cosmetics, detergents, medicine and pharmaceuticals. The anti-pyretic, anti-fungal, antibacterial, anti-oxidant and cytotoxic activities of C. jwarancusa have been reported in literature. In the present study different doses of C. jwarancusa extract have been investigated for anti-hyperlipidemic and anti-hyperglycemic activities in high-fat high sugar diet model in rats. Hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia were assessed by measuring body weight, serum lipid profile and fasting blood glucose levels. Administration of ethanol leaves extract of C. jwarancusa exhibited significant dose-dependent reduction in body weight, lipid parameters and blood sugar levels. Hence it may be concluded that C. jwarancusa aids in ameliorating hyperlipidemic, hyperglycemic conditions and has potential to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Oral but not transdermal estrogen replacement therapy changes the composition of plasma lipoproteins; The role of hormone replacement therapy and estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) in cardiovascular disease prevention has not been unambiguously defined yet. The metabolic effects of estrogens may vary depending upon the route of administration. Therefore, we compared the impact of unopposed oral or transdermal ERT on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in 41 hysterectomized women. This was an open-label, randomized, crossover study (with 2 treatments and 2 periods). The 41 hysterectomized women were randomized to receive oral or transdermal 17 beta-estradiol in the first or second of two 12-week study periods. Plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels were assayed before and after each treatment using standard automated methods. Lipid content of lipoprotein subclasses was assessed by sequential ultracentrifugation. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated as log(triglyceride [TG]/high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol). The difference between the 2 forms of administration was tested using a linear mixed model. The change from baseline for each of the forms was tested using paired I test. Oral ERT resulted in a significant increase in HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I levels, whereas it significantly decreased total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and increased TG concentrations. Transdermal ERT had no such effect. Oral ERT led to a significant TG enrichment of HDL (0.19 +/- 0.06 vs 0.27 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < .001) and LDL particles (0.23 +/- 0.08 vs 0.26 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, P < .001) compared with baseline, whereas transdermal therapy did not have any effect on lipoprotein subclasses composition. The difference between the 2 treatments was statistically significant for HDL-TG and LDL-TG (0.27 +/- 0.07 vs 0.19 +/- 0.05 mmol/L, P < .001 and 0.26 +/- 0.10 vs 0.22 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < .001, respectively). The transdermal but not oral ERT significantly reduced the AIP compared with baseline (-0.17 +/- 0.26 vs -0.23 +/- 0.25, P = .023), making the difference between the therapies statistically significant (-0.23 +/- 0.25 vs -0.18 +/- 0.22, P = .017). Oral administration of ERT resulted in TG enrichment of LDL and HDL particles. Transdermal ERT did not change the composition of the lipoproteins and produced a significant improvement of AIR Compared with transdermal ERT, orally administered ERT changes negatively the composition of plasma lipoproteins. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved..
Evaluation of antihyperlipidemic activity of ethanolic extract of <i>Cassia</i> <i>auriculata</i> flowers; Hyperlipidemia is a major risk factor for development of coronary artery disease. Cassia auriculata is traditionally used in India for medicinal purposes. In this study, effect of ethanolic extract of Cassia auriculata flowers (Et-CAF) was investigated in Triton WR1339-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Treatment with the Et-CAF (450 mg/kg b.wt) significantly reduced the total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL) levels and significantly increased the high-density lipoprotein (HDL) level associated with reduction of atherogenic index in hyperlipidemic rats. However, there was no change in the serum lipid profile of normal rats treated with Et-CAF alone. The results suggest that Et-CAF has a beneficial effect in treating hyperlipidemia and may serve as a potential drug for prevention of hyperlipidemic atherosclerosis.
PLASMA-LIPIDS AND APOLIPOPROTEINS AS INDICATORS OF CORONARY ATHEROSCLEROSIS; An assessment of one-feature and combined diagnostic value of plasma lipid and apolipoprotein parameters, using stepwise discriminant analysis, was designed to make possible correct differentiation between coronary heart disease (CHD) due to angiographically verified coronary atherosclerosis and neurocirculatory dystonia (NCD) without signs of coronary arterial affection. The apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein AI (apo B/apo AI) ratio was shown to be the best single apolipoprotein marker capable of correct differentiation between CHD and NCD in 74% of cases. It was similar to the best lipid diagnostic marker, the cholesterol atherogenic index, in terms of discriminating power. The combination of the apo B/apo AI ratio + age + systolic arterial blood pressure proved to be the best combined indicator, bringing the diagnostic error down to 18%.
ENTEROSORPTION IN CORRECTION OF DYSLIPOPROTEINEMIAS IN CORONARY PATIENTS OF ADVANCED AGE; Sixty patients with coronary heart disease, stable angina pectoris of functional class II and III and dislipoproteinemia (cholesterol > 6.5 mmol/l, triglycerides > 2.0 mmol/l, the atherogenic index > 3.5) were assigned to two groups.  40 patients received enterosorbent (high-porous, small-spherical fraction of CKH carbon).  20 control subjects were treated with placebo.  The patients' age ranged from 60 to 74.  The treatment course lasted for 4 weeks.  Evaluation of the treatment results showed that total cholesterol dropped by 20 %, triglycerides by 27 %, apoB by 32 %, apoB-conteining lipoproteins by 20 %
Lipid levels in female patients with affective disorders; The role of serum lipids [total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and triglycerides (TG)] in the pathophysiology of mood disorders is not clear. The aim of this study was to determine lipid profiles in patients with affective disorders. The study included medication-free female subjects (41 patients with bipolar disorder, 22 in a manic and 19 in a depressive phase), 34 patients with major depression, and 50 healthy controls. Serum lipid levels were determined using standard laboratory tests. All patients had significantly lower HDL-C values than control subjects. Increased TG levels were found in patients with bipolar disorder compared with healthy subjects. The changes in lipid profiles persisted when data were adjusted for age, smoking and menopausal status. The results revealed no differences in cholesterol and LDL-C levels and body mass index, but significant differences in the ratios of cholesterol/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C (atherogenic index) among groups. Our results suggest that low HDL-C levels and a high atherogenic index might be a hallmark of affective disorders. Since low HDL-C levels could be a risk factor for the development of coronary heart disease. further investigation of lipid metabolism in affective disorders is warranted. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
HYPOCHOLESTEROLEMIC EFFECT OF AN AQUEOUS EXTRACT OF THE LEAVES OF <i>SANSEVIERIA SENEGAMBICA</i> BAKER ON PLASMA LIPID PROFILE AND ATHEROGENIC INDICES OF RATS FED EGG YOLK SUPPLEMENTED DIET; The effects of an aqueous extract of the leaves of Sansevieria senegambica on daily weight gain, lipid profile and atherogenic indices of rats fed egg yolk supplemented diet was studied. The control group was given normal feed while the other three groups received 50 g egg yolk/kg feed. The extract was orally administered daily at 150 and 200 mg/kg body weight
Effects of gender, age and treatment duration on lipid profile and renal function indices in diabetic patients attending a teaching hospital in South-Western Nigeria; Background: Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) is associated with diabetic nephropathy and hyperlipidemia. Gender, age, medication adherence, lifestyle, culture and socioeconomic status could be sources of diversity in T2DM leading to differences in predisposition, development and clinical presentation. Objectives: Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the influence of gender, age and treatment duration on kidney and lipid-related biochemical indices of T2DM patients attending Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital, Ado-Ekiti, Nigeria (EKSUTH). Methods: Blood from diabetic patients and healthy subjects was analysed for fasting blood glucose (FBG), renal function parameters and lipid profile. Influence of age, gender and treatment duration on indices was assessed using standard baseline values. Results: Dyslipidemia was pronounced among female diabetics while the incidence of diabetes was found to be higher in middle-age. The percentage of diabetics with high levels of FPG, urea, creatinine, cholesterol, triglyceride and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol after 9-10 years of treatment were lower compared with the percentage after 5-6 years of treatment. Conclusion: Gender, age and treatment duration influenced clinical course of T2DM among patients presenting at EKSUTH but long term treatment appeared to improve T2DM among patients.
HDL anti-oxidant function associates with LDL level in young adults; Objectives: The primary objective was to evaluate predictors of HDL anti-oxidant function in young adults. Background: High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol is considered a protective factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, increased levels are not always associated with decreased cardiovascular risk. A better understanding of the importance of HDL functionality and how it affects CVD risk is needed. Methods: Fifty non-Hispanic white subjects from the Testing Responses on Youth (TROY) study were randomly selected to investigate whether differences in HDL anti-oxidant function are associated with traditional cardiovascular risk factors, including carotid intima media thickness (CIMT), arterial stiffness and other inflammatory/metabolic parameters. HDL anti-oxidant capacity was evaluated by assessing its ability to inhibit low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol oxidation by air using a DCF-based fluorescent assay and expressed as a HDL oxidant index (HOI). The associations between HOI and other variables were assessed using both linear and logistic regression. Results: Eleven subjects (25%) had an HOI >= 1, indicating a pro-oxidant HDL. Age, LDL, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and paraoxonase activity (PON1), but not HDL, were all associated with HOI level in univariate linear regression models. In multivariate models that mutually adjusted for these variables, LDL remained the strongest predictor of HOI (0.13 increase in HOI per 1 SD increase in LDL, 95% CI 0.04, 0.22). Atherogenic index of plasma, pulse pressure, homocysteine, glucose, insulin, CIMT and measurements of arterial stiffness were not associated with HOI in this population. Conclusions: These results suggest LDL, hsCRP and DBP might predict HDL anti-oxidant function at an early age. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pharmacological Action of <i>Mentha piperita</i> on Lipid Profile in Fructose-Fed Rats; Cardiovascular diseases with an incidence of approximately 50% are the main causes of death in most advanced countries and an increasing trend in the developing world as well. The World Health Organization estimates that 12 million people per year worldwide die from cardiovascular diseases. Cardiovascular diseases are becoming an increasing problem worldwide and hypercholesterolemia has been correlated for coronary heart diseases. Nearly all lipoproteins are involved in this process including cholesterol carried by very low density lipoproteins (VLDL), remnant lipoproteins and low density lipoproteins (LDL). Currently, available hypolipidemic drugs have been associated with the number of side effects. Herbal treatment for hyperlipidemia poses no side effects and is relatively cheap and locally available. In view of this, the present study was carried out to investigate the effect of Menthe piperita on serum lipid levels of albino rats. Mentha piperita aqueous extract (100 mg/Kg, 250 mg/Kg p.o. daily) was fed for 3 weeks on fructose-fed rats and the levels of glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, and atherogenic index was measured. Twenty-four male Sprague Dawley rats were divided into four groups (6 per group). The results of present study indicate that Mentha piperita had significant beneficial effects against fructose-induced hyperlipidemia and showed good antioxidant activity. The aqueous extract of the plant produced a significant decrease (p < 0.05) in elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein and atherogenic index and also increased the high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and HDL-ratio without affecting serum insulin levels in fructose-fed rats.
Maternal and fetal cord blood lipids in intrauterine growth restriction; Aim: Small for gestational age neonates (SGA) could be subdivided into two groups according to the underlying causes leading to low birth weight. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a pathologic condition with diminished growth velocity and fetal compromised well-being, while non-growth restricted SGA neonates are constitutionally (genetically determined) small. Antenatal sonographic measurements are used to differentiate these two subgroups. Maternal metabolic changes contribute to the pathogenesis of IUGR. A disturbed lipid metabolism and cholesterol supply might affect the fetus, with consequences for fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases. We evaluated fetal serum lipids and hypothesized a more atherogenic lipoprotein profile in IUGR fetuses. Methods: Umbilical cord serum lipids and oxidative modified, low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) concentrations were measured by colorimetric enzymatic measurements, or by ELISA. Values of IUGR (n = 36) and constitutionally small for gestational age neonates (SGA, n = 22) were compared with those of healthy, adequate for gestational age, born neonates (CN, n = 97). SAS-statistic software was used and two-way ANOVA was adjusted for gestational age at delivery. Results: Fetal high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and total cholesterol (TC) concentrations were found to be lower in the IUGR compared to the CN and SGA groups (HDL-C: P<0.001, TC: P<0.01). Atherogenic indices, including the oxLDL/LDL-C ratio, were increased in the IUGR compared to the CN group (oxLDL/LDL-C ratio: P<0.001). Conclusion: Our results support the hypothesis of a disturbed cholesterol supply in IUGR fetuses. Born SGA has been shown to be a risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease later in life. Since HDL-C has anti-inflammatory properties, a reduced HDL-C during fetal development, and an increase in atherogenic indices, might provide a link to this observation in IUGR fetuses.
Effect of cow and sheep milk diet on plasma lipids in rats; Hypercholesterolaemia is a major risk factor associated with coronary heart diseases and investigation on the reducing blood cholesterol level is a major concern. The current study aims to evaluate the effects of different diets with sheep and cow milk on the triglyceride (TG) and cholesterol level of rats. The rats were divided in three groups and all of them were fed same dry food as pellets. Their drink was water for the control group but sheep and cow milk for the experimental groups lasting for four weeks. The results of the study showed insignificant difference in the plasma total cholesterol (TC) content of the rats among the three groups. However, the sheep milk diet resulted in lower TG than the cow milk diet (p<0.05) but the cow milk diet, on the other hand, showed the most increasing effect on High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) (p<0.001) and accordingly, the least amount of Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) In sum, both sheep and cow milk have no hypercholesterolaemic effect, but have various effects on TG and lipoproteins that might be beneficial in hypertriglyceridemia and help to reduce atherogenic index, respectively.
The <i>FTO</i> Gene Is Associated With an Atherogenic Lipid Profile and Myocardial Infarction in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes A Genetics of Diabetes Audit and Research Study in Tayside Scotland (Go-DARTS) Study; Background-Common variation in the fat mass and obesity (FTO)-related gene is associated with increased body fat and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that this would also associate with metabolic phenotypes of insulin resistance and increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Methods and Results-FTO rs9939609 genotype was determined in 4897 patients with type 2 diabetes in the prospective Genetics of Diabetes Audit and Research Study in Tayside Scotland study. The A allele was associated with lower plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mean difference, 0.03 mmol/L
Etofyllin clofibrate improves the metabolism of lipids and glucose in patients with hyerlipidemia and diabetes; The objective of the present clinical investigation was to evaluate the effects of the lipid lowering drug etofyllin clofibrate (Duolip(R) 500) on metabolism of-lipids and glucose in patients with hyperlipidemia and diabetes. Fdr that purpose, data from 1200 male and female patients, who had been participated in a drug-monitoring, were analysed. All patients (mean age: 60 years, range: 19-95) were diabetics (type I or II) and had elevated levels of cholesterol and/or triglycerides. They were treated with 500 mg etofyllin clofibrate daily for 3-4 months. Baseline values expressed as means (+/-SD) have been measured as mg%: Total cholesterol: 287.6 (+/-64.6), LDL-cholesterol: 181.4 (+/-55.2), HDL-cholesterol: 37.6 (+/-12.1), triglycerides: 398.8 (+/-296.6), blood-glucose (empty stomach): 159.6 (+/-51.0), blood-glucose (2 h after meal): 191.7 (+/-52.4) and HbA1C: 8.8 (+/-2.1). Compared to baseline, the following relative changes (%) occurred after 3-4 months: Total cholesterol: -16.6 (+/-13.9), LDL-cholesterol: -17.9 (+/-25.6), HDL-cholesterol: +30.4 (+/-36.1), triglycerides: -33.3 (+/-20.8), blood-glucose (empty stomach): -8.7 (+/-19.4), blood-glucose (2 h after meal): -9.0 (+/-17.1) and HbA1C: -5.8 (+/-12.2). The "Atherogenic Index" (rate of total cholesterol to HDL-cholesterol) fell by 32.0% (+/-21.1) from 8.3 (+/-3.3) to 5.4 (+/-1.8). 42 patients reported (3.5%) side effects, which were already well known from previous clinical trials in terms of quality and quantity. It can be concluded, that etofyllin clofibrate is safe and effective in treatment by improving prognostically unfavourable lipid parameters and concomitantly reducing blood-glucose in clinically relevant amounts in high-risk patients with hyperlipidemia and diabetes. Thus, many risk-factors for coronary heart disease associated with an increase in morbidity and mortality were markedly improved.
The relationship between non-HDL cholesterol and other lipid parameters in Japanese subjects; Plasma non-HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration that is simply estimated from plasma total cholesterol and HDL-C concentrations, without the influence of plasma triglyceride concentration, has been included as a therapeutic target for hypertriglyceridernic patients in the most recent National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) recommendations. In the present study, we estimated plasma non-HDL-C concentration in Japanese subjects to clarify the correlation of plasma non-HDL-C to other plasma lipid concentrations, and to evaluate the NCEP recommendation. Plasma non-HDL-C concentration has a positive correlation with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglyceride concentrations. From our analysis, 140 mg/dl of plasma LDL-C concentration, which is the level for the diagnosis of hyper-LDL cholesterolemia, corresponds to 169 mg/dl of non HDL-C concentration. The relationship between plasma non-HDL-C and LDL-C concentrations in Japanese subjects is quite similar to that described in the NCEP guideline. Thus, we suggest that non-HDL-C is a useful risk marker in Japan, as recommended by the NCEP.
INCREASED FREQUENCY OF LIPOPROTEIN DISORDERS SIMILAR TO TYPE-III HYPERLIPOPROTEINEMIA IN SURVIVORS OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION IN JAPAN; Serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoprotein levels were investigated in 97 survivors of acute myocardial infarction in order to clarify the characteristics of lipid and lipoprotein disorders in coronary artery disease among Japanese. Although the HDL [high-density lipoprotein] cholesterol level was lower and the atherogenic index was higher in the myocardial infarction (MI) group than in the control group, there was no significant difference in total serum cholesterol level between the MI and the control groups. The triglyceride level was significantly higher in the MI group. The MI group also had higher levels of both cholesterol and triglyceride in the VLDL [very low density lipoprotein] fraction (d [density] < 1.006) with a statistically significant increase in the ratio of cholesterol to triglyceride compared with the control group. Levels of both lipids in the IDL [intermediate density lipoprotein] fraction (1.006 < d < 1.019) were higher in the MI group than in the control group. Lipoprotein analysis with PAG [polyacrylamide gel] disc electrophoresis revealed a more frequent occurrence of a midband, which appeared as an additional band between the LDL and VLDL positions, in the MI group than in the control group (MI:51% vs. control: 25%, P < 0.02). The midband-positive subgroup had a higher ratio of cholesterol to triglyceride in the VLDL fraction and higher levels of both lipids in the IDL fraction. Isoelectric focusing of apo VLDL revealed that the incidence of the suspected apo E-ND (E3/2 or E4/2) constitution, which was determined by a low ratio (< 1.1) of the peak area of E3 to that of E2, was 3 times higher in the MI group than in the control group (MI:25% vs. control: 7%). The prevalence of a kind of dysbetalipoproteinemia similar to type III hyperlipoproteinemia was high among Japanese patients with myocardial infarction. It seems to be characteristic of Japanese cases with coronary artery disease where the incidence of hypercholesterolemia is much lower than in Western countries.
Orally Delivered Microencapsulated Live Probiotic Formulation Lowers Serum Lipids in Hypercholesterolemic Hamsters; Elevated serum cholesterol is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease. Nutritional therapies such as probiotics have been suggested to manage elevated cholesterol. This study investigates the cholesterol and triglyceride lowering potential of a microencapsulated feruloyl esterase-producing Lactobacillus fermentum 11976 (LF11976) probiotic formulation. Male Bio F1B hamsters were assigned to two groups to receive either the microcapsule probiotic formulation (containing LF11976 cells at 12.51 log colony-forming units/mL) or placebo formulation (empty) microcapsules, twice daily, by oral gavage for 18 weeks. For the duration of the study, animals were fed a hypercholesterolemic diet. Serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and the atherogenic index were 21.36%, 31.43%, and 32.59% lower in the group gavaged with the microencapsulated probiotic formulation than in the placebo control group after 18 weeks (P < .05). Histology studies showed reduced progression of atherosclerotic lesions in animals treated with microencapsulated LF11976 as compared to control animals. Treatment with microencapsulated LF11976 formulation produces significant reductions in serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and serum triglyceride levels in diet-induced hypercholesterolemic hamsters. Findings suggest the potential of the oral microencapsulated probiotic cell formulation as a functional nutritional alternative for managing excessive serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels.
Effects of <i>Amaranthus caudatus</i> l. extract and lovastatin on atherosclerosis in hypercholesterolemic rabbits; Coronary artery disease (CAD), which is a multi-factorial disease frequently, causes morbidity and mortality in human beings. Scientists now believe that there is a good link between the inflammatory process and coronary atherosclerosis. A study was conducted to find out the anti-atherosclerosis effect of Amaranthus caudatus L. on rabbits, and was compared with lovastatin. Twenty five male New Zealand rabbits were randomly grouped into five and each were fed for 60 days with a standard diet, standard diet and cholesterol, standard diet and A. caudatus extract (150 mg/kg daily), standard diet and A. caudatus extract (150 mg/kg daily) with cholesterol, and standard diet with lovastatin (10 mg/kg) and cholesterol. At the 30th and 60th day of experiment, the biochemical factors were measured and the fatty streak formation was evaluated at the 60th day. Rabbits fed with high cholesterol diet and A. caudatus extract significantly decreased the cholesterol, LDL-C, triglyceride, oxidized LDL (Ox-LDL), apo-lipoprotein B (apoB), CRP, atherogenic index (AI) and HDL-C and apo-lipoprotein A (apoA) increased. Lesion severity, in extract recipient group, significantly decreased. A. caudatus extract decreased the most important risk factors (the serum lipoproteins, apoB and Ox-LDL) of cardiovascular diseases and inflammatory factors prevented atherosclerosis and was more effective than lovastatin.
Determinants of vascular impairment in type 1 diabetes-impact of sex and connexin 37 gene polymorphism: A cross-sectional study; Background The associations of risk factors with vascular impairment in type 1 diabetes patients seem more complex than that in type 2 diabetes patients. Therefore, we analyzed the associations between traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors and vascular parameters in individuals with T1D and modifications of these associations according to sex and genetic factors. Methods In a cross-sectional study, we analyzed the association of risk factors in T1D individuals younger than 65 years using vascular parameters, such as ankle brachial index (ABI) and toe brachial index (TBI), duplex ultrasound, measuring the presence of plaques in carotid and femoral arteries (Belcaro score) and intima media thickness of carotid arteries (CIMT). We also used photoplethysmography, which measured the interbranch index expressed as the Oliva-Roztocil index (ORI), and analyzed renal parameters, such as urine albumin/creatinine ratio (uACR) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR). We evaluated these associations using multivariate regression analysis, including interactions with sex and the gene for connexin 37 (Cx37) polymorphism (rs1764391). Results In 235 men and 227 women (mean age 43.6 +/- 13.6 years
Hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative potential ofencapsulated herb (<i>Terminalia arjuna</i>) added vanilla chocolate milk in high cholesterol fed rats; BACKGROUNDAtherosclerosis is associated with coronary artery disease and occurs in developing as well as developed countries. In the present investigation, hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative properties of encapsulated herb (Terminalia arjuna, 1.8%) added vanilla chocolate dairy drink was evaluated in high cholesterol fed Wistar rats for 60 days. RESULTSAt the end of the experimental period, a significant decrease in the body weight gain by rats receiving the encapsulated herb extract was noted as compared to high cholesterol fed rats. Administration of microencapsulated herb showed a statistically significant decrease in organ weights (epididymal fat and liver). Moreover, a significant decrease in serum lipids such as triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and atherogenic index was observed with encapsulated Terminalia arjuna extract in high cholesterol fed group. Increases in reduced glutathione and decreases in TBARS levels were also reported in both liver and red blood cell lysates with encapsulated herb supplementation. CONCLUSIONThe results demonstrated that the bioactive components (phytosterols, flavanoids, saponins and tannins etc.) which are present in the encapsulated T. arjuna not only withstand the processing conditions but also are effectively released in the intestine and show their effects, such as hypolipidaemic and antioxidant activities, for better treating cardiovascular disease. (c) 2015 Society of Chemical Industry
Lipid Indexes and Quality Evaluation of Omega-3 Rich Oil from the Waste of Japanese Spanish Mackerel Extracted by Supercritical CO<sub>2</sub>; Japanese Spanish mackerel (JSM) (Scomberomorus niphonius) is a marine fish species containing health-beneficial polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). In the present study, the quality of JSM by-products oils extracted by supercritical CO2 (SC-CO2) and organic solvent extraction was compared in terms of physico-chemical properties of the oils. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is one of the important polyunsaturated fatty acids present in SC-CO2-extracted skin and muscle oil 5.81 +/- 0.69% and 4.93 +/- 0.06%, respectively. The amount of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in SC-CO2-extracted skin and muscle oil was 12.56 +/- 0.38% and 15.01 +/- 0.28%, respectively. EPA and DHA are considered as important PUFAs for the development of brain function and the prevention of coronary heart diseases. Extracted oils showed considerable antioxidant activity. In the obtained oils, atherogenic index (AI) values varied from 0.72 to 0.93 and thrombogenic index (TI) ranged from 0.75 to 0.92, which is considered an acceptable level. Fatty acid composition, bio potentiality, thermogravimetric, and vitamin D analysis showed that oils extracted from JSM by-products can be a good source of oil for application in food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries. Therefore, the present research revealed the potentiality of green valorisation of S. niphonius by-products as a possible sustainable approach for targeting the era of zero waste.
HIGH-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN THE JAPANESE; High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels were measured in Japanese and Western residents in Japan with the heparin-MnCl2 precipitation method. The mean HDL cholesterol level (.+-. SD) in healthy Japanese was 56 .+-. 16 mg/dl for men and 61 .+-. 15 mg/dl for women. Females had significantly higher HDL cholesterol concentrations than males. HDL cholesterol showed a negative correlation with the obesity index and the plasma triglyceride level and a positive correlation with alcohol intake. The mean HDL cholesterol level was significantly lower in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) and cerebral infarction than in controls. The estimated ratio (total cholesterol-HDL cholesterol)/HDL cholesterol, referred to as the atherogenic index, was significantly higher in these patients. HDL cholesterol levels were relatively high in the Japanese compared with those reported for Western populations. HDL cholesterol levels in cord blood from Japanese neonates were similar to those reported for Western neonates. HDL cholesterol levels of Western residents in Japan were nearly the same as those of the Japanese. The relatively high level of HDL cholesterol in the Japanese might be related to the lower incidence of CHD in Japan than in the West and the difference in HDL cholesterol level between Japanese and Western populations seems related to environmental factors.
Effect of date fruit supplemented diet on serum lipidemic and oxidative stress biomarkers in rodent experimental modelling; The present work was designed to explore the functionality of Pakistani date cultivar (Zahidi) against atherogenic diet induced oxidative stress. The bioefficacy assessment of Zahidi date fruit and extract was carried out via model feeding trial. The rats (Sprague Dawley) were divided into two broad categories
Chemical composition and nutritional value of some marine species from the Egadi Islands; Information available on the chemical composition and nutritional value of marine species harvested from the Mediterranean Sea is very limited. In this study, the target species were Scorpaena porcus, Scorpaena scrofa, Palinurus elephas, and Sepia officinalis, selected among those with the greatest commercial value and caught using local traditional gear. Samples were analysed for moisture, ash, protein, total lipid content, and for fatty acid percentage distribution. All the species showed high amounts of proteins (mean value 18.15%) and can be considered lean (fat content < 3%). with a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids of the n-3 series. Significant differences (P < 0.05) were observed among the different species for some of the most representative fatty acids. All species (except S. officinalis) had a good value for the prevention of cardiac illnesses as can be deduced from their low atherogenic and thrombogenic indexes.
Regular physical activity as a basic component of lifestyle modification reduces major cardiovascular risk factors among male armored force personnel of Shabestar army installation in Iran; Objectives: Cardiovascular/Coronary Heart Disease (CVD) is a leading cause of disability and death worldwide. The most important risk factors for CVD are well-established and are strongly influenced by lifestyle changes. Clearly, physical activity has been shown to be extremely important in reducing the burden of this disease. The aim of this case-control study was to examine the association between intensity of activities and CVD risk factors in healthy military personnel. Participants: Two group of subjects (active [engaging in three session of field exercises/week] = 50, and inactive [with no experience of field exercise] = 50) were classified by a questionnaire containing demographic, health history, type and level of physical activity, and employment information. Methods: Anthropometric indices, lipid-lipoprotein profile, arterial pressures, and fasting blood glucose were assessed. Independent sample t-tests were used for comparison. Results: Physically active subjects had significantly (p <= 0.05) lower measures of body mass indices (except height), lower levels of total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides (TG), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (S/DBP), risk factor (TC/HDL ratio), atherogenic index (LDL/HDL ratio), and higher levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL-C). Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was normal in both groups. Conclusions: To reduce the risk factors of developing CVD and preventing its progression significantly, it clearly serves to underscore the beneficial properties of physical activity and to promote its effectiveness as a support for healthier lifestyles in the community and particularly among military personnel. The findings of this study substantiate the need for physical exercise to reduce signs and symptoms associated with CVD risk, even among a young, healthy, generally active population. Further, that these results would appear to corroborate the concept of increasing physical activity, including aerobic activity, as a preventative measure.
ANTIOXIDANT AND LIPID LOWERING EFFECTS OF <i>ELAEOCARPUS GANITRUS</i> IN CHOLESTEROL FED RABBITS; Elaeocarpus ganitrus Roxb. is reported to exhibit multifarious pharmacological activities. However no scientific study has been conducted to evaluate antiatherosclerotic / lipid lowering activity of E. ganitrus Roxb. The present study was designed to investigate the antihyperlipidaemic and antioxidant activity of 70% ethanolic extract of E. ganitrus seed (EGEE) in cholesterol fed hyperlipidaemic rabbits. The EGEE was administered at a dose level of 250 and 500 mg/kg/day (p.o.) for 60 days to hyperlipidaemic rabbits. Lipid profile in serum and antioxidant parameters in tissues (Liver, Heart and Aorta) were determined. The statistical analysis was carried out using one way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison tests. EGEE showed a decrease in the levels of serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, phospholipids, LDL, VLDL (P = 0.01, = 0.001) in a dose dependant manner in treated animals. HDL ratio improved profoundly as well as marked decline was noticed in atherogenic index after administration with EGEE. A considerable decrease in lipid per oxidation and a significant elevation in Glutathione, Catalase and SOD levels (P = 0.01, = 0.001) were observed in EGEE treated rabbits. The overall experimental results suggests that the biologically active phytoconstituents such as phytosterols, fats, alkaloids, flavonoids, carbohydrates, proteins and tannins present in the EGEE may be responsible for the significant hypolipidaemic as well as antioxidant activity, signifying the potential protective role in coronary heart disease.
Effect of red wine on oxidative stress and hypercholesterolemia induced by feeding a high-cholesterol diet in rat; The effect of red wine on oxidative stress and hypercholesterolemia induced by feeding a high-cholesterol diet (supplemented with 1.65% of cholesterol (w/w) for 4 weeks) to female Wistar rats was examined. When red wine was simultaneously supplemented to high-cholesterol diet, total cholesterol, triglycerides, atherogenic index and lipid peroxidation products significantly decreased compared with the high-cholesterol diet alone, while GSH content and antioxidative enzymes activities were enhanced. In the hypercholesterolemic rat the excretion of fecal bile acids, as well as their plasma and hepatic concentrations were increased significantly. Administration of red wine enhanced these values, indicating an increase in the cholesterol degradation. These results suggest that red wine may have a protective effect against oxidative stress, hypercholesterolemia and atherogenic index induced by high-cholesterol diet.
Association of Indices of Adiposity with Lipoprotein Sub-fractions in the general Population of Amritsar City; Elevated low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in circulation may get deposited in coronary arteries and result in atherosclerotic plaques at an early age and act as risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. More recent and detailed anthropometric indices in addition to traditional indices were assessed in this study along with lipid profile and lipoprotein indices in urban population (n = 100) of Amritsar, Punjab. n = 48 subjects comprised the case group and n = 52 subjects the control group. Study was approved by the Institutional Ethics Committee of Guru Nanak Dev University and individual voluntary written informed consent was provided by the study group. 46% of cases were obese and lipids and lipoprotein indices were significantly higher in obese group while low density lipoprotein cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol/high density lipoprotein cholesterol also in overweight category. Factor analysis extracted the 7 components out of 23 variables with a cummulative variance of 81.45%. Females had higher central obesity, waist hip ratio, waist height ratio and body adiposity index. Pearson's correlation analysis revealed a positive significant association of age (r = 0.363, p = 0.027), socio-economic status (r = 0.328, p = 0.023), waist hip ratio (r = 0.298, p = 0.042), waist height ratio (r = 0.864, p = 0 000) and body mass index (r = 0.794, p = 0.000) with low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and of gender with atherogenic index (r = 0.363, p = 0.011). Also, a significant correlation of total body fat mass with atherogenic index (r = 0.286, p = 0.048) and and body roundness index with low density lipoprotein (r = 0.345, p = 0.016) was observed. Multivariate regression analysis revealed age (B = 0.318, t = 2.380, p = 0.022) and gender (B = 0.370, t = 2.687, p = 0.010) to be significant predictors of body roundness index as well as age (B = 0.139, t = 2.307, p = 0.027) of low density lipoprotein cholesterol. The highest prediction accuracy was showed by waist circumference (AUC = 0.597) and the least by a body shape index (AUC = 0.458) as revealed by Receiver Operating Characteristics analysis. A positive association of low density lipoproteins with central and general obesity, signifies that lipid metabolism gets affected by adiposity and may further affect the lipoprotein indices which are reported to be associated with atherosclerosis and coronary heart diseases.
A computational fluid-structure interaction model for plaque vulnerability assessment in atherosclerotic human coronary arteries; Coronary artery disease is responsible for a third of global deaths worldwide. Computational simulations of blood flow can be used to understand the interactions of artery/plaque and blood in coronary artery disease and to better predict the rupture of atherosclerotic plaques. So far, the mechanical properties of animals' coronary artery have been mostly used for hemodynamic simulation of atherosclerotic arteries. The mechanical properties of animals' coronary arteries are often not accurate enough and can be only used for an approximate estimation and comparative assessment of the cognate parameters in human. In this study, a three-dimensional (3D) computational fluid-structure interactions model with three different plaque types is presented to perform a more accurate plaque vulnerability assessment for human atherosclerotic plaques. The coronary arteries of twenty-two male individuals were removed during autopsy and subjected to uniaxial tensile loading. The hyperelastic material coefficients of coronary arteries were calculated and implemented to the computational model. The fully coupled fluid and structure models were solved using the explicit dynamics finite element code LS-DYNA. The normal and shear stresses induced within the plaques were significantly affected by different plaque types. The highest von Mises (153 KPa) and shear (57 KPa) stresses were observed for hypocellular plaques, while the lowest von Mises (70 KPa) and shear (39 KPa) stresses were observed on the stiffer calcified plaques. The results suggest that the risk of plaque rupture due to blood flow is lower for cellular and hypocellular plaques, while higher for calcified plaques with low fracture stresses. (C) 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.
Antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic activities of Terminalia pallida Linn. fruits in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats; Hyperlipidemia contributes significantly in the manifestation and development of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease (CHD). Although synthetic lipid-lowering drugs are useful in treating hyperlipidemia, there are number of adverse effects. So the current interest has stimulated the search for new lipid-lowering agents with minimal side effects from natural sources. The present study was designed to investigate the antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic potentiality of ethanolic extract of Terminalia palida fruits in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. T. pallida fruits ethanolic extract (TPEt) was prepared using Soxhlet apparatus. Sprague-Dawley male rats were made hyperlipidemic by giving high fat diet, supplied by NIN (National Institute of Nutrition), Hyderabad, India. TPEt was administered in a dose of 100 mg/kg.b.w./day for 30 days in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. The body weights, plasma lipid, and lipoprotein levels were measured before and after the treatment. TPEt showed significant antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic activities as evidenced by significant decrease in plasma total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels coupled together with elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and diminution of atherogenic index in high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats. There was a significantly reduced body weight gain in TPEt-treated hyperlipidemic rats than in the control group. The present study demonstrates that TPEt possesses significant antihyperlipidemic and antiatherogenic properties, thus suggesting its beneficial effect in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
Remnant-like particle cholesterol may indicate atherogenic risk in patients on chronic hemodialysis; Recently, involvement of remnant-like particle cholesterol (RLP-C) in atherosclerosis was reported, but this parameter has not been adequately investigated in hemodialysis (HD) patients. The present study investigated the relationship between the RLP-C level and total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), lipid peroxides (malone dialdehyde, MDA), apolipoprotein (Ape) A-I, and ApoB. In addition, the fractions of very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), intermediate density lipoprotein (IDL), LDL, and HDL in serum lipoproteins were determined by disk polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. The relationship between the RLP-C level and three atherogenic indices was also studied. The RLP-C level in HD patients (8.2 +/- 6.7 mg/dl) was significantly higher than that in normal controls (2.7 +/- 1.3 mg/dl). The RLP-C level showed a significant positive correlation with the levels of TC, TG, LDL-C, MDA, ApoB, VLDL(%), and IDL(%), as well as a negative correlation with HDL(%). However, there was no correlation with age or the duration of HD. RLS-C also showed significant positive correlations with the (TC-HDL-C)/HDL-C ratio and the (VLDL + LDL)/HDL ratio, as well as a negative correlation with the ApoA-I/ApoB ratio. These results suggest that RLP-C may be a potential indicator of atherogenic risk in HD patients.
THE EFFECT OF INTAKE DUCK EGG YOLK ON BODY WEIGHT, LIPIDS PROFILE AND ATHEROSCLEROSIS DISEASES IN MALE WISTAR RATS; Duck egg yolks contained fat and higher cholesterol than chicken eggs. A high-fat diet has caused obesity to impact for the development of diseases such as type II diabetes, stroke, atherosclerosis, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and certain forms of cancer. The purpose of using laboratory animals determined the effects of duck egg yolk to body weight, lipids profile, and atherosclerosis diseases. The study design is randomized post-test only control group design with Wistar rats. Twenty-seven rats were divided into three groups (nine rats per group): control, group I and II. The control group was given standard diet, and other groups received their respective agents (pellet duck egg yolk and raw duck egg yolk). After rats were treated for 30 days, blood samples were taken for examination of blood plasma lipids profile. These results have indicated that an increase in body weight of rats in both treatment as well as increase total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol, atherogenic index (AI), VLDL, and decreased in blood plasma HDL cholesterol were significantly (p<0.05) in both treatment well with duck egg yolk pellets or raw duck egg yolk. Based on these study results can be concluded that the duck egg yolk intake caused an increase in body weight of rats and total cholesterol. LDL cholesterol, the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol, AI, VLDL, and decreased HDL cholesterol and thus potentially lead to obesity, atherosclerosis, and coronary heart disease.
<i>In vivo</i> evaluation of antihyperlipidemic, antihyperglycemic and hepatoprotective effects of <i>Vernonia anthelmintica</i> seeds in diet model; Anti-hyperglycemic, anti-hyperlipidemic and hepatoprotective effects of Vernonia anthelmintica seeds were evaluated in diet rat model. The study included forty eight Sprague Dawley rats of either sex with eight animals in each group. Except for control the disease control, standard and treatment groups were treated with high-fat high-sugar diet for 8 weeks. After confirmation of hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia, the standard group received atorvastatin (2.1 mg.kg(-1)), treatment groups received hexane extract, ethanol extract and water decoction of Vernonia anthelmintica seeds (300mg.kg(-1)) for next 30 days. Disease control and control were given normal saline in volume equivalent to other groups. High-fat high-sugar diet was continued in all groups except control for 30 day period. Lipid profile, liver function tests and fasting blood sugar were analyzed in fasting blood samples. Cardiac risk parameters were calculated and results were analyzed by one way ANOVA using SPSS. All three tested extracts showed significant decrease in fasting blood glucose, LDL-C, triglycerides, VLDL-C and cardiac risk parameters as compared to disease control. However, HDL-C and cholesterol levels in treatment groups were found to be significantly increased compared to disease control. Furthermore, treatment groups showed significantly decreased AST and ALP levels compared to disease control. Hexane extract, ethanol extracts and water decoction of Vernonia anthelmintica seeds exhibited potential anti hyperglycemic, anti-hyperlipidemic effects with favorable hepatic profile. However, further studies should be designed to strengthen these findings on mechanistic ground.
Normal cholesterol measurements in white collar workers still at cardiovascular risk?; Low serum total cholesterol (TC) in workers has been taken to indicate absence of cardiovascular (CV) risk. In angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease TC has been shown to be less poignant than compound indices of cardiovascular risk in separating patients from controls. The implications for prevention in an industrial medical setting of relying on TC measurements are discussed. Employees (n=229) tested by an occupational health service in a non-manufacturing firm were dichotomized as low and high cardiovascular risk subjects either by the level of total cholesterol, or by two compound indices of blood lipid components. The compound indices were: the TC/HDL(c)-ratio, and an 'atherogenic index' (ATH-index) defined as ([TC-HDL(c)] x [apo B]) divided by ([HDL(c)] x [apo A]). (apo A= apolipoprotein A-I, apo B= apolipoprotein B). Cut-off values to separate between low- and high-risk subjects were defined as TC=6.0 mmol/l, HDL(c)=0.9 mmol/l, apo A=1.8 g/l and apo B=1.3 g/l, based on clinical guidelines in Norway. These individual cut-off values gave TC/HDL, and ATH-index cut-off values of 6.7 and 4.1, respectively. Assuming a more correct discrimination between persons at low- and high-risk, using compound lipid indices, both the number of persons given unnecessary advice on lifestyle changes or urged to take TC reducing medication, and the number of persons not treated on the basis of normal TC levels, would be reduced. Percentages of persons classified as TC-level-low risk, were adjusted using empirical data on sensitivity and specificity of the compound indices. Among employees with TC <6.0mmol/l, 15% and 23% of women, and 12% and 19% of men would be classified as high-risk persons using the TC/HDL(c)-ratio or the ATH-index, respectively. Lack of prospective data on compound indices suggests cautious interpretation. TC values in spurious testing, as often applied in occupational health service without due regard to other lipid fractions, would increase the probability of unnecessarily treating persons not at CV risk and withholding people at probable CV risk from treatment. Although prospective studies are needed to confirm findings, the changes observed suggest avoiding measurements of some single lipid factors.
Is non-high-density lipoprotein associated with metabolic syndrome? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Novel atherogenic lipid indices, including non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) which is calculated by subtracting the HDL-C value from the total cholesterol level, atherogenic index (ratio between triglycerides (TG) and HDL-C concentrations (TG/HDL-C)), and Diff-C (calculated by subtracting low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C) from non-HDL-C), have been known as valuable predictors of dyslipidemia and subsequent cardiovascular diseases. Previous studies have reported the potential association of novel atherogenic lipid indices with metabolic syndrome (MetS). This meta-analysis aimed to assess the pooled association of novel atherogenic lipid indices with MetS or its components. Methods: A systematic search was conducted through PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science (WoS) databases from January 2000 until March 2021 to evaluate the association of novel atherogenic lipid indices, including non-HDL-C, atherogenic index, and the difference between non-HDL-C and LDL-C (Diff-C) with MetS. Observational studies were included without any language restriction. As exclusive studies evaluating the association of non-HDL-C with metabolic syndrome (MetS) were eligible to be included in quantitative analyses, a random-effect meta-analysis was performed to pool the odds ratios (ORs). A stratified meta-analysis was performed based on the definition of MetS [Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) and International Diabetes Federation (IDF)] and the studied population. Results: Overall, 318 studies were retrieved from an initial systematic search. After screening, 18 and five studies were included in the qualitative and quantitative syntheses, respectively. Qualitative synthesis revealed an association between non-HDL-C, Diff-C, and atherogenic index with MetS and its components. Stratified meta-analysis showed that an increased non-HDL-C level was associated with an increased odds of MetS based on ATP criteria (OR: 3.77, 95% CI: 2.14-5.39) and IDF criteria (OR: 2.71, 95% CI: 1.98-3.44) in adults (OR: 3.53, 95% CI: 2.29-4.78) and in children (OR: 2.27, 95% CI: 1.65-2.90). Conclusion: Novel atherogenic lipid indices, including atherogenic index, Diff-c, and non-HDL-C, are strongly associated with increased odds of MetS and its components. The indices could be considered as potential predictors of MetS and its components in clinical practice.
The Influence of Stenosis Degrees and Graft Suture Position on Local Hemodynamics of Coronary Bypass; Bypass graft failure is mainly caused by intimal hyperplasia (IH) that occurs at the graft anastomosis after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery. It has been shown that local hemodynamics influences the process of IH initiation and progression. A main concern at this type of surgery is to increase the graft patency, respectively to improve the local hemodynamics. This paper analyzes the influence of different degree of stenosis severity and graft suture position on graft patency, taking into consideration the local hemodynamics. Bypass configurations with anastomosis angle of 45(0) were numerically investigated, with respect to wall shear stress and pressure variation. We can assume that in the conditions of our study, different stenosis degrees and position of the graft suture influence the local blood flow conditions, and, nevertheless, the graft patency.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial of the effects of pioglitazone on glycemic control and dyslipidemia in oral antihyperglycemic medication-naive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective: The goal of this study was to compare the effects of 2 doses of pioglitazone hydrochloride (a thiazolidinedione insulin sensitizer) with placebo on glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)), insulin sensitivity, and lipid profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who had suboptimal glycemic control and mild dyslipidemia. Methods: Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (HbA(1c) greater than or equal to6.5% and less than or equal to9.8%) who had not previously received insulin or oral antihyperglycemic medications (OAMs) were randomized to treatment with placebo, pioglitazone 30 mg QD, or pioglitazone 45 mg QD in double-blind fashion for 16 weeks at 41 centers in Canada and Spain. Results: A total of 297 patients were randomized (99 in each group). Overall, 286 (96.3%) were white. Mean (SD) age was 58.4 (10.9) years (range, 24-85 years), mean (SD) body mass index was 31.4 (4.8) kg/m(2), mean (SD) duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus was 20.0 (37.4) months, and 30.6% of patients were receiving medication for dyslipidemia. Treatment with pioglitazone 30 or 45 mg QD for 16 weeks reduced mean HbA(1c) by 0.8% and 0.9% from baseline, respectively (both P < 0.001 vs baseline and placebo). A reduction in HbA(1c) of 0.2% was observed in the placebo group (P = 0.025). In patients with medium (greater than or equal to7% to <8%) or high (greater than or equal to8% to less than or equal to9.8%) baseline HbA(1c), both doses of pioglitazone significantly reduced HbA(1c) (both P < 0.001 vs placebo). Pioglitazone 30 and 45 mg significantly reduced fasting serum insulin versus placebo (P = 0.008 and P = 0.006, respectively) and increased insulin sensitivity by Homeostasis Model Assessment versus placebo (P = 0.039 and P = 0.001, respectively). Relative to placebo, pioglitazone 30 and 45 mg significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C [P = 0.028 and P < 0.001, respectively]) and lowered the atherogenic index of plasma (P = 0.018 and P < 0.001, respectively). Pioglitazone 45 mg also significantly reduced serum triglycerides, apolipoprotein B, and total cholesterol: HDL-C ratio versus placebo (P = 0.007, P = 0.015, and P = 0.005, respectively). Pioglitazone 30 and 45 mg were associated with a significant reduction in serum alanine aminotransferase relative to placebo (P = 0.036 and P = 0.005, respectively). Pioglitazone appeared to be safe and was well tolerated. Conclusions: In the present study, pioglitazone 30 and 45 mg produced significant improvements in HbA(1c), insulin sensitivity, and lipid profile in OAM-naive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with suboptimal glycemic control and mild dyslipidemia. Copyright (C) 2003 Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Amount and intensity of physical activity, physical fitness, and serum lipids in men; Physical activity improves one's lipid profile and increases physical fitness. The present study was aimed at determining the association of amount and intensity of leisure time physical activity with serum lipid profile and physical fitness. A total of 537 healthy men aged 20-60 years were recruited in a quota sampling frame for measurement of physical activity energy expenditure at two different levels. The Minnesota Leisure Time Physical Activity Questionnaire was administered, Serum lipid and lipoprotein levels were measured, and all participants were given an exercise test. Physical activities with an intensity greater than 7 kcal/minute were significantly associated (p < 0.01) with a higher level of high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and a lower atherogenic index (total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol). Independently of other confounding variables, each average 100 kcal/day expended in leisure time physical activity with an intensity greater than 7 kcal/minute during the previous year was associated with an increase of 2.09 mg/dl (0.054 mmol/liter) in HDL cholesterol and a decrease of 0.23 in atherogenic index, However, only physical activity with an intensity greater than 9 kcal/minute was associated with decreases in total cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and log (triglycerides). Better physical fitness was associated with physical activities of intensities above 5 kcal/minute. There is a threshold in the intensity of exercise associated with serum lipid profile (7 kcal/minute) and physical fitness (5 kcal/minute), Above the former threshold, the relation between amount of physical activity and lipid levels is linear for total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and atherogenic index and is logarithmic for triglycerides.
Moderation of hematological and plasma biochemical indices of sub-chronic salt-loaded rats by aqueous extract of the sclerotia of <i>Pleurotus tuberregium</i> (Fr) Sing's: Implications for the reduction of cardiovascular risk; Ethnopharmacological relevance: The sclerotia of Pleurotus tuberregium are used in Southern Nigeria for the management of diabetes and hypertension, yet there is scarcity of information in the literature regarding the evaluation of the biochemical basis of its antihypertensive property, as well as the biochemical impact of its administration to the hypertensive. Thus, in this study, the ability of an aqueous extract of the sclerotia of Pleurotus tuberregium to moderate biochemical and hematological indices was investigated in normal and sub-chronic salt-loaded rats. Materials and methods: The normal and treatment control groups received a diet consisting 100% of the commercial feed, while the test control, reference and test treatment groups received an 8% salt-loaded diet. The extract was orally administered daily at 100 and 200 mg/kg body weight
Hypocholesterolemic effects of <i>Curcuma longa</i> L. with <i>Nelumbo nucifera</i> leaf in an <i>in vitro</i> model and a high cholesterol diet-induced hypercholesterolemic mouse model; Hypercholesterolemia is one of the well-established risk factors for cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in coronary heart disease. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of different types of extracts (aqueous, 20%-, and 80% ethanol) of Nelumbo nucifera leaf (NL) and Curcuma Longa L. (CL) on hypercholesterolemia in in vitro and in vivo models. Our results in in vitro experiments showed that treatment with various extracts of both NL and CL dose-dependently inhibited lipid accumulation and total cholesterol content. The 20% ethanol extract of NL (NL20E) and the aqueous extract of CL (CLW) showed the highest activity. The in vivo experimental group was fed a high cholesterol diet (HCD) with oral administration of NL20E, CLW, or a mixture of NL20E with CLW (NC
Effects of age on the relationship between drinking and atherosclerotic risk factors; Background. Drinking modulates the progress of atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases by affecting atherosclerotic risk factors. However, age-dependent effects of drinking on atherosclerotic risk factors have not been clarified in detail. Objective: In this cross-sectional study, we investigated whether the relationship between drinking and atherosclerotic risk factors is influenced by age in male workers (12,386 men aged from 20 to 69 years) in Yamagata, a district of Japan. Methods: The subjects were divided into five age groups, and each group was further divided into three subgroups according to ethanol consumption. The mean levels of each atherosclerotic risk factor were compared among the groups, Results: Neither body mass index nor fasting blood glucose levels were significantly affected by drinking at any age. In the heavy drinkers (ethanol consumption of 30 g per day or more) in all age groups, blood pressure, serum triglyceride and HDL cholesterol levels were significantly higher and serum LDL cholesterol level and the atherogenic index were significantly lower than in the nondrinkers. In the light drinkers (ethanol consumption of less than 30 g per day) in all age groups, serum HDL cholesterol level and the atherogenic index were also higher and lower, respectively, than in the nondrinkers. However, light drinking significantly increased blood pressure only in the middle aged and relatively elderly groups (40-49, 5059, 60-69 years of age) and significantly decreased the serum LDL cholesterol level only in relatively young and middle aged groups (30-39, 40-49, 50-59 years of age). Thus, the effects of light drinking on blood pressure and serum LDL cholesterol are dependent on age. The serum triglyceride level was not significantly affected by light drinking in any age group. Conclusions: Our results suggest that light drinking increases blood pressure in the middle-aged and the elderly but not in the young, while its beneficial effects on serum HDL cholesterol and atherogenic index are not changed with age. Copyright (C) 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Antithrombotic therapy and clinical outcomes at 1 year in the Spanish cohort of the EORP-AF Long-term General Registry; Background Atrial fibrillation (AF) increases the risk of thromboembolism. We investigate the efficacy and safety of oral anticoagulation (OAC) therapy and explored the number needed to treat for net effect (NNTnet) of OAC in the Spanish cohort of the EURObservational Research Programme-AF (EORP-AF) Long-term General Registry. Methods The EORP-AF General Registry is a prospective, multicentre registry conducted in ESC countries, including consecutive AF patients. For the present analysis, we used the Spanish cohort, and the primary outcome was any thromboembolism (TE)/acute coronary syndrome (ACS)/cardiovascular death during the first year of follow-up. Results 729 AF patients were included (57.1% male, median age 75 [IQR 67-81] years, median CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc and HAS-BLED of 3 [IQR 2-5] and 2 [IQR 1-2], respectively). 548 (75.2%) patients received OAC alone (318 [43.6%] on VKAs and 230 [31.6%] on DOACs). After 1 year, the use of OAC alone showed lower rates of any TE/ACS/cardiovascular death (3.0%/year
Metabolic effects of pioglitazone in combination with insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus whose disease is not adequately controlled with insulin therapy: results of a six-month, randomized, double-blind, prospective, multicenter, parallel-group study; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is a progressive disease. Initial therapy begins with dietary and lifestyle modifications. However, as the disease progresses, glycemic control becomes more difficult to attain, often requiring >= 1 oral antihyperglycemic medication (OAM), and finally the addition of insulin to the OAMs and insulin monotherapy. Objective: This study was designed to determine the effect of pioglitazone 30 mg plus insulin (PIO + INS) versus placebo plus insulin (PLB + INS) on glycemic control, the serum lipid profile, and selected cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 DM whose disease was inadequately controlled with insulin therapy alone despite efforts to intensify such treatment. Methods: This was a 6-month, randomized, double-blind, prospective, multicenter, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Patients with type 2 DM and a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) value >= 7.5% who were using insulin (with or without OAMs) entered a 3-month insulin intensification phase to achieve blood glucose targets with insulin monotherapy. After insulin intensification, those patients with HbA(1c) values >= 7.0% were randomized to PIO + INS or PLB + INS. The primary end point was the change in HbA(1c) from baseline. Cardiovascular risk markers (highly sensitive C-reactive protein [hs CRP] and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 [PAI-1]) were measured at baseline and end point. Results: Of the 289 patients randomized to treatment (mean [SD] age, 58.9 [7.1] years
Nutraceutical potential of <i>Corylus</i> <i>avellana</i> daily supplements for obesity and related dysmetabolism; In this study, the nutraceutical potential of two hazelnut varieties (Turkey and Italy) were examined by studying several aspects including the phytochemical properties, antioxidant potential, cell viability and ex vivo neuroprotective potential. Results showed that the Turkish hazelnut had the higher concentration of phenolic acids, flavonoids, higher antioxidant capacity and enzyme inhibition properties and lower saturated fatty acid concentration than the Italian sample. The in vivo studies showed that compared to the Italian hazelnuts, the addition of Turkish hazelnuts to high fat diet was associated with a more significant decrease in body weight, food consumption, atherogenic index, lipid peroxidation levels and biochemical/morphological markers of liver injury. Also, from our results, the two hazelnut varieties were protective against beta-amyloid-induced neurochemical changes and high-fat diet induced alteration of metabolic indices.
Biomechanical Analysis on Stent Materials Used as Cardiovascular Implants; Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of death in the world, accounting for 48% of all deaths in the world. Atherosclerosis, also known as coronary artery disease occurs when excess cholesterol attaches itself to the walls of blood vessels. Coronary stein implantation is one of the most important procedures to treating coronary artery disease such atherosclerosis. Due to its efficiency, flexibility and simplicity, the use of coronary stents procedures has increased rapidly. In order to have better output of stent implantation, it is needed to study and analyze the biomechanical behavior of this device before manufacturing and put into use. Biomaterials are commonly used for medical application in cardiovascular stent implantation. A biomaterial is a non-viable material used as medical implant, so it is intended to interact with biological system. In this paper, an explicit dynamic analysis is used for analyzing the biomechanical behavior of cardiovascular stein by using finite element analysis tool, ABAQUS 6.10. Results showed that a best suitable biomaterial for cardiovascular stent implants, which exhibits an outstanding biocompatibility and biomechanical characteristics will be aimed at which will be quite useful to the human beings worldwide.
Genetic determinants of lipid aberrations in patents with essential hypertension; Aim. To reveal the relationship between apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism and lipid spectrum modification in patients with essential hypertension. Materials and methods. The lipid spectrum components and apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism were analyzed in 310 patients with essential hypertension. Results. The mean plasma levels of total cholesterol, high and low density lipoproteins, triglycerides and the atherogenic index were 5.18 +/- 0.08 mmol/l, 1.32 +/- 0.03 mmol/l, 3.06 +/- 0.07 mmol/l, 1.74 +/- 0.05 mmol/l and 3.21 +/- 0.08, respectively. In patients with essential hypertension, the genetic polymorphism of apolipoprotein E was characterized by the alleles E2 (13.26 %), E3 (93.87 %) and E4 (30.65 %) presence. Based on single nucleotide polymorphism identification, there were defined the following genotypes: E2/E2 (0.65 %), E2/E3 (10.97 %), E2/E4 (1.61 %), E3/E3 (57.74 %), E3/E4 (25.16 %) and E4/E4 (3.87 %). Individuals with E2/E4 genotype had higher levels of total cholesterol (+17.56 %, P < 0.05) and low density lipoproteins (+25.7 %, P < 0.01), and atherogenic index was increased (+38.18 %, P < 0.05) in E4/E4 carriers in comparison with E2/E3. Hypertonic E4/E4 carriers were found to have elevated plasma triglycerides (+20.23 %, P < 0.05) in comparison with E3/E3, as well as increased triglycerides (+25.3 %, p < 0.05) and very low density lipoproteins (+25.33 %, P < 0.05) in comparison with E3/E4 carriers. E3/E3 and E3/E4 carriers demonstrated decrease in total cholesterol (-12.9 %, P < 0.05) and (-11.04 %, P < 0.05), respectively, as well as low density lipoproteins (-15.69 %, P < 0.001) and (-11.48 %, P < 0.05), respectively, as compared to E2/E4. The plasma content of high density lipoproteins was not dependent on ApoE genotype. Conclusions. In patients with essential hypertension, the most common allele is E3 (93.87 %) and the E3/E3 genotype (57.74 %), while the E3/E4 genotype is 25.16 %. Presence of the E2/E4 genotype is significantly associated with the elevated total cholesterol and low density lipoproteins plasma levels, whereas the E4/E4 genotype is accompanied by the increased triglycerides, low density lipoproteins levels and atherogenic index.
Increased Cardiometabolic Risk in Dynapenic Obesity: Results from the Study of Workers' Health (ESAT); Background: The coexistence of obesity and low muscle strength-denoted dynapenic obesity (DO)-has been associated with an unhealthy metabolic profile and increased risk for metabolic syndrome. However, there is a lack on studies investigating if DO exhibits higher cardiometabolic risk than non-dynapenic obesity. Objectives: To assess if individuals with DO exhibit elevated cardiometabolic risk compared to non-dynapenic obesity. Methods: a cross-sectional study that analyzed the data of workers from a quaternary care hospital collected between November 2018 and March 2020. Participants were stratified into the following anthropometrical and peripheral muscle strength profiles: non-obese/non-dynapenic (NOND), non-obese/dynapenic (NOD), obese/non-dynapenic (OND), and obese dynapenic (OD). Cardiovascular risk was evaluated by Atherogenic Index (AI), Plasma Atherogenic Index (PAI), Hypertriglyceridemic Waist (HW), A Body Shape Index (ABSI), Atherogenic Dyslipidemia (AD), Castelli Indices I and II, and Framingham Score (FS). Results: the OD group had significantly lower HDL compared to all others (p = 0.009), and despite exhibited lower prevalence of HW compared to OND (p < 0.01), a higher cardiometabolic risk compared to OND profile was observed assessing AI (p = 0.05), Castelli I (p < 0.05) and Castelli II (p < 0.05) scores. Conclusions: in the studied population, individuals with DO exhibit elevated cardiometabolic risk compared to other anthropometrical and peripheral muscle strength profiles.
Hypolipidaemic and antiatherosclerotic effects of Zingiber officinale in cholesterol fed rabbits; Hyperlipidaemic rabbits when challenged with a 50% EtOH extract of Zingiber officinale showed a reduction in total cholesterol and serum LDL-cholesterol, A reduction in HDL ratio was seen in atherofed rabbits compared with controls which were restored when challenged with the Zingiber extract. An atherogenic index of 4.7 was brought down to 1.2 using plant products. The tissue lipid profiles of liver, heart and aorta showed similar changes to those noticed in serum lipids, Zingiber extract feeding increased the faecal excretion of cholesterol thus suggesting a modulation of absorption.
Fatty acid composition in sea-bream (<i>Sparus aurata</i>):: comparison between reared and wild subjects; The development of fish rearing techniques and of supplying systems has brought about a constant increase in world fish production in recent years, especially in the production of valuable species like seabream (Sparus aurata). Improvement in the feeding of reared fish has resulted in fishes of high nutritional quality. Nevertheless, these fishes have a lower commercial value ii compared with wild ones. In the present paper some characteristics of reared and wild sea-bream are compared, with special regard to the lipidic fraction (fatty acid composition, Atherogenic index and Thrombogenic Index), as it is the most important component from the nutritional and commercial point of view.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Children With Long-Standing Untreated Idiopathic Subclinical Hypothyroidism; Context: Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH), defined as increased TSH serum levels and normal serum free T-4 concentrations, has been associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease in adults. Data in children and adolescents are scanty. Objective: The objective of the study was to investigate the clinical and biochemical cardiovascular risk factors in children with mild SH (serum TSH concentrations 4.5-10 mU/L). Design and Setting: This is a cross-sectional and controlled study conducted at a tertiary referral center on patients with persistent idiopathic long-standing (3.2 +/- 0.4 y) mild SH. At study entry patients and controls underwent a clinical and biochemical assessment for cardiovascular risk. Participants: Forty-nine children aged 8.5 +/- 0.5 years with SH and 49 controls were enrolled in the study. Main Outcome Measure: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), waist to height ratio, lipid profile, homocysteine, high-sensitivity serum C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, adiponectin, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment index were measured. Results: Waist to height ratio (P < .0001), atherogenic index (P = .001), triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio (P = .01), and homocysteine levels (P = .002) were significantly higher and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol significantly lower (P = .003) in SH subjects compared with controls. No significant differences were found in the other clinical and biochemical cardiovascular risk factors analyzed. Multivariate regression model revealed that BMI and thyroid status were the main independent factors affecting dependent variables. Even after an adjustment for BMI, most of the variables still remained significantly associated with mean TSH levels or SH duration. Conclusions: Mild long-lasting untreated idiopathic SH may be associated with subtle proatherogenic abnormalities. Although it is difficult to establish whether these mild abnormalities represent the early steps in the initiation of atherogenesis, these children need to be carefully monitored for metabolic complications.
Effect of <i>Zanthoxylum</i> alkylamides on lipid metabolism and its mechanism in rats fed with a high-fat diet; This research aimed at exploring the effect of Zanthoxylum alkylamides on lipid metabolism and its potential mechanisms using high-fat diet rat model. Treatment with Zanthoxylum alkylamides for 6 weeks, food efficiency and atherogenic index of the low, medium, and high doses of Zanthoxylum alkylamides-treated groups were significantly reduced. Meanwhile, the histopathological structure of the livers showed that hepatic steatosis in the groups treated with Zanthoxylum alkylamides was reduced, particularly the HD group. Moreover, the related genes were studied, such as, liver X receptor (LXR), cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1), hepatic 3-hydroxyl-2-methylglutaryl CoA (HMG-CoA) reductase, sterol regulatory element-binding protein 2 (SREBP-2), ileal bile acid-binding protein (IBABP), sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT), and transient receptor potential vanilloid subtype1 (TRPV1). These results demonstrated that Zanthoxylum alkylamides could ameliorate abnormal lipid metabolism in rats fed with a high-fat diet. The underlying mechanism may be the downregulation of the expression levels of cholesterol synthesis and bile acid reabsorption-related genes, reduction of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase in bile acid and neutral sterol excretion. Practical applications High-energy diet is a potential risk of lipid metabolic disorder. Many studies have shown that hyperlipidemia can lead to atherosclerosis and even hemangioma, cerebral thrombosis, coronary heart disease, and other diseases, which seriously threaten human health. Therefore, seeking an effective and safe way to prevent the obesity-related disease is necessary. This research found that Zanthoxylum alkylamide could ameliorate abnormal lipid metabolism in rats fed with a high-fat diet. The underlying mechanism may be the downregulation of the expression levels of cholesterol synthesis and ileal absorption of bile acid genes, reduction of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and increase in bile acid and neutral sterol excretion. Therefore, Zanthoxylum alkylamide has the potential for preventing or alleviating high-energy intake-related obesity.
Algorithm for Detecting HCM Signs Based on the Precordial Rheocardial Signals Analysis; The article describes the algorithm for processing data obtained during the precordial electrical impedance studies on patients with confirmed diseases: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). The algorithm is designed to calculate the particular disease compliance probability based on analisys of the heart ventricles and atriums phase structure parameters using weights coefficients.
High conjugated linoleic acid enriched ghee (clarified butter) increases the antioxidant and antiatherogenic potency in female Wistar rats; Background: Hypercholesterolemia and oxidative stress are the main stimulating factors responsible for coronary artery disease and progression of atherosclerosis. Dairy food products are rich in conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) which is considered as an important component due to its potential health benefits such as anticarcinogenic, antiatherogenic, antidiabetic and antiadipogenic properties. In the present study, the effect of CLA enriched ghee on the antioxidant enzyme system and antiatherogenic properties in Wistar rats has been studied. Methods: Female Wistar rats of 21 days were taken for the study and fed with soybean diet (Control diet), low CLA diet and high CLA ghee diet (treatments) for thirty five days for studying antioxidative enzymes and sixteen weeks in case of antiatherogenic studies. Results: Feeding of high CLA enhanced ghee during pubescent period in rats lead to an increase in catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) enzyme activities in blood and increased CAT, SOD and glutathione transferase (GST) enzymes activities in liver by 27, 130 and 168 percent, respectively. Plasma nitrate concentration and Haemoglobin levels remained the same in all the treatments. Feeding of high CLA ghee resulted in lower (P < 0.01) plasma cholesterol & triglyceride level (52.17 and 30.27%), and higher high density lipoproteins (33.26%) than feeding of soybean oil (control group) and thus manifested in decreased (P < 0.05) atherogenic index (from 0.472 to 0.244). Lesser cholesterol and triglyceride levels were observed in the liver and aorta of high CLA fed rats than in those of the other groups. Histopathological studies of liver showed normal hepatic cords with portal triad in the high CLA ghee fed rats whereas fatty degeneration of hepatocytes containing fat vacuoles was observed in the liver of the other groups. Conclusion: This paper is the first report of the antioxidant and antiatherogenic properties of the high CLA enriched ghee suggesting that high CLA ghee can be used as a potential food for decreasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases, particularly in India, where, ghee is widely used for culinary and medicinal purposes.
Effects of bamboo shoot consumption on lipid profiles and bowel function in healthy young women; Objective: This study evaluated the short-term effect of bamboo shoot consumption as a dietary fiber source on blood glucose, lipid profiles, hepatic function, and constipation symptoms in healthy women. Methods: Eight subjects, 21- to 23-y-old women, with normal health status received a dietary fiber-free diet (control), a diet containing 25 g of cellulose, and a diet containing 360 g of bamboo shoots, with each diet segment lasting 6 d. At the end of each diet, blood biochemical parameters, such as glucose, triacylglycerols, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glutamic pyruvic transaminase, glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase, and atherogenic index were measured and a questionnaire test for the evaluation of fecal excretion was taken. For statistical analysis, analysis of variance was performed. Results: Serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and the atherogenic index were decreased with the bamboo shoot diet feeding compared with the dietary fiber-free diet. There were no differences in serum glucose levels among the tested diets. Fecal volume and bowel movement frequency in subjects fed the bamboo shoot diet were significantly increased. Conclusion: Bamboo shoots as a dietary fiber source has beneficial effects on lipid profile and bowel function. (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Inc.
CARDIOVASCULAR RISK DETERMINATION - DISCREPANCY BETWEEN TOTAL CHOLESTEROL EVALUATION AND 2 COMPOUND LABORATORY INDEXES IN NORWAY; Objective - To compare group classification of cardiovascular risk by two compound laboratory indices with classification according to the serum total cholesterol concentration alone. Design - Healthy employees were defined as low and high cardiovascular risk subjects according to their total cholesterol concentration or two compound indices of blood lipid components - the total cholesterol:high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio and an atherogenic index defined as ([total cholesterol - HDL cholesterol]* [apolipoprotein B])/([HDL cholesterol]* [apolipoprotein A-I]). Cut off values to distinguish between low and high risk subjects were as follows: total cholesterol 6.5 mmol/l, HDL cholesterol 0.9 mmol/l, apolipoprotein A = 1.8 g/l, and apolipoprotein B = 1.3 g/l. These gave total:HDL cholesterol ratio and atherogenic index cut off values of 7.2 and 4.5 respectively. Setting - An occupational health service in a non-manufacturing company in Norway. Participants - A total of 112 male and 117 female employees. The mean body mass index values were 25.6 and 23.6 kg/m(2) and the mean ages 39.8 and 40.1 years in men and women respectively. Those with cardiovascular, diabetic, or renal diseases were excluded. Mean outcome measures - Serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, apolipoproteins A-I and B, lipid peroxidation, blood pressure, smoking, physical activity, and fruit, vegetables, and salt in the diet were determined. Results - The cut off values allocated 19%, 7%, and 40% as high risk subjects according to total cholesterol, total:HDL cholesterol, and the atherogenic index respectively. The mean age was two to four years higher in the high risk groups. Cardiovascular risk in siblings and no reported physical activity were more prevalent in those high risk groups defined by the compound indices than by total cholesterol alone, as was a high body mass index and a measure of lipid peroxidation. Grouping according to total cholesterol failed to allocate heavy smokers mainly to the high risk group. Diet variables did not demarcate clearly between indices. Conclusions - There is considerable variability in classification into high and low risk subjects when using the total cholesterol concentration alone compared with compound risk indices. Smoking was more prevalent in the high risk groups defined by the compound indices than by total cholesterol. These findings call for caution when total cholesterol is used to estimate cardiovascular risk in epidemiological studies, and even more so at individual counselling in occupational or primary health care settings.
New beverage for cardiovascular health, proposal based on oriental and occidental food culture from a world-wide epidemiological study; Objectives: To investigate whether combined isoflavones and antioxidants in oriental and occidental drinks reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in high-risk Japanese immigrants living in Brazil. Materials and methods: From among over 100 Japanese immigrants thirty-seven females aged 45-60 years in Porto Alegre, Brazil, were randomized after informed consent into two groups to drink 200 ml of whole soy cell juice (S) containing 7.5 g soy protein and 10 mg of isoflavones (aglycone) in peach juice or placebo peach juice (P) with 80 Kcal for 12 weeks. Health survey including 24-hour urine (24 U) examination were carried out before the randomization and after the double blind placebo controlled intervention study. Results: Both weight and body mass index (BMI) were significantly (p < 0.05, 0.01) decreased from the baseline only in the S group. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) was decreased significantly (p < 0.05) from the baseline in the S group with elevated 24 U isoflavone excretion (> 10 mu mol), and there was a significant (p < 0.05) inter-group difference between the S and P groups after intervention. Total and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (C) decreased significantly (p < 0.05) in the S group from the baseline and there was a significant difference (p < 0.05) between the S and P groups after intervention. HbA1c and atherogenic index (non-high density lipoprotein (HDL)-C/HDL-C) were significantly (p < 0.05) decreased in both groups. Conclusions: Soy isoflavones combined with fruit antioxidants, the combination of which might potentiate local nitric oxide (NO) affect, decreased SBP, total cholesterol and LDL-C. Peach juice itself improved blood glucose levels and the atherogenic index of the high-risk Japanese population in Brazil.
EFFECTS OF OOPHORECTOMY AND HORMONE REPLACEMENT THERAPY ON PLASMA-LIPIDS; The aim of this study was to determine the effects on plasma lipids and lipoproteins of oophorectomy and various hormone replacement therapy (HRT) delivery systems using low doses of medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA, 2.5 mg/day). A total of 90 women completed the 1-year follow-up period. Patients were randomly assigned to five groups. The first (n = 16) received 0.625 mg/day conjugated equine oestrogens (CEE) cyclically, the second (n = 20) 50 mug/day transdermal oestradiol cyclically and the third (n = 15) 0.625 mg/day CEE continuously. These three groups also received 2.5 mg MPA sequentially for the last 12 days of HRT administration, The fourth group (n = 20) received 0.625 mg/day CEE and 2.5 mg/day MPA continuously, while the fifth (n = 19) constituted a treatment-free control group. After oophorectomy patients showed increases in low-density lipoprotein (LDL), apolipoprotein B and the atherogenic index, whereas after HRT patients exhibited falls in plasma LDL, apolipoprotein B and the atherogenic index and increases in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and apolipoprotein A1. No significant changes in total cholesterol were observed after surgery or treatment and decreased levels of triglycerides were detected only in the transdermal treatment group.
Effects of progestogen on lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins during transdermal estrogen replacement therapy with and without medroxyprogesterone acetate; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether the effects on plasma lipids and lipoproteins after oophorectomy differ in patients who receive transdermal estrogen replacement therapy (EXT) with and without progestin. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-five healthy, normal-weight, regularly menstruating women who underwent hysterectomy and bilateral oophorectomy for benign diseases received, for one year, transdermal therapeutic systems containing estradiol with daily delivery of 50 mu g cyclically for 24 days per month plus 2.5 mg/d of oral medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) sequentially for the last 12 days of each cycle. After the first year the patients ceased to take MPA. We determined the levels of cholesterol (CHOL), high density lipoprotein (HDL)-CHOL, low density lipoprotein (LDW-CHOL, triglycerides (TG) and apolipoproteins (ape) A-I and B prior to oophorectomy, one month after surgery and during the 6th and 12th months on estrogen plus progestogen substitution and during the 18th and 24th months without progestogen addition. RESULTS: After oophorectomy, the patients showed increases in LDL, apo-B and atherogenic index, whereas after hormone replacement therapy the patients exhibited falls in plasma LDL, apo-B and atherogenic index and increases in HDL and apo A-I. No significant changes in total CHOL were observed after surgery or treatment, and TG were decreased. Plasma levels of lipids and lipoproteins during estrogen replacement therapy (EXT) without MPA were not significantly different from those observed during EXT plus MPA. CONCLUSION: Changes in lipids induced by transdermal EXT were not affected by low doses of MPA.
An experimental model for pressure drop evaluation in a stenosed coronary artery; Non-invasive measurement of pressure drop has great clinical significance for the treatment of coronary artery diseases. The objective of this study is to develop a relationship that can estimate pressure drop in a stenosed coronary artery model as a function of different parameters such as blood viscosity, artery length and diameter, flow rate and flow profile, and shape and degrees of stenosis. Experimental pressure measurements from a wide range of degrees of stenosis and critical simplified geometries of stenosis along with different unsteady flow profiles are employed to evaluate the pressure drop equation. To calculate the blockage term of the pressure drop, several experimental cases are investigated, and the results show that the blockage factor is strongly dependent on the shape and degree of stenosis. Furthermore, different unsteady flow profiles are applied to calculate the pulsatile pressure drop term, and it is found that the pulsatility parameter is not a function of the flow profile or the shape of the stenosis. However, it is only a function of the degree of stenosis. To test the validity of the developed equation, pressure drops through stenosed coronary artery models with the real physiological flow profile of the left and right coronary arteries were predicted and compared with the experimental measurements. The proposed equation is able to determine the pressure drop inside a stenosed coronary artery non-invasively using the measurement of the flow profile inside the artery as well as the images of the stenosed coronary artery obtained based on the non-invasive methods. Published under license by AIP Publishing.
Taurine in health and diseases: consistent evidence from experimental and epidemiological studies; Taurine (T) was first noted as beneficial for stroke and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) prevention in genetic rat models, stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP). The preventive mechanisms of T were ascribed to sympathetic modulation for reducing blood pressure (BP) and anti-inflammatory action. Recent epidemiological surveys revealed the involvement of inflammatory mediators in the pathogenesis of stroke and also atherosclerosis for which T was proven to be effective experimentally. Arterio-lipidosis prone rats, a substrain of SHRSP selectively bred for higher reactive hypercholesterolemia, quickly develop not only arterial fat deposition but also fatty liver which could be attenuated by dietary T supplementation. CARDIAC (CVD and Alimentary Comparison) Study was a WHO-coordinated multi-center epidemiological survey on diets and CVD risks and mortalities in 61 populations. Twenty-four-hour urinary (24U) T was inversely related significantly with coronary heart disease mortality. Higher 24U-T excreters had significantly lower body mass index, systolic and diastolic BP, total cholesterol (T-Cho), and atherogenic index (AI: T-Cho/high density lipoprotein-cholesterol) than lower T excreters. T effects on CVD risks were intensified in individuals whose 24U-T and -magnesium (M) excretions were higher. Furthermore, higher Na excreters with higher heart rate whose BP were significantly higher than those with lower heart rate were divided into two groups by the mean of 24U-T, high and low T excreters. Since the former showed significantly lower BP than the latter, T may beneficially affect salt-sensitive BP rise. Included among the typical 61 populations, were Guiyang, China or St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada where in which the means of both 24U-T and -M were high or low, respectively. The former and the latter had low and high CVD risks, respectively. Australian Aboriginals living at the coastal area in Victoria were supposed to eat T-and M-rich bush and sea foods and be free from CVD 200 years ago, but they presently have nearly the highest CVD risks indicating that T- and/or M-containing seafood, vegetables, fruits, nuts, milk, etc, similar to prehistoric hunters' and gatherers' food should be good for CVD prevention. The preventive effects of T, good for health and longevity, first noted experimentally, were also proven epidemiologically in humans.
Low cardiovascular risks in the middle aged males and females excreting greater 24-hour urinary taurine and magnesium in 41 WHO-CARDIAC study populations in the world; Background: Since taurine (T) administration was proven to decrease blood pressure (BP) and stroke mortality in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertension rates (SHRSP) in the 1980's and our WHO-coordinated CARDIAC (Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison) Study demonstrated that among 5 diet-related factors, namely total cholesterol (T-Cho), body mass index (BMI), sodium (Na), magnesium (M), and T to creatinine (Cr) ratio in 24-hour urine (24U), both T/Cr and M/Cr were inversely related to coronary heart disease mortalities in males and females and T/Cr was inversely related to stroke mortalities in males and females. We further analyzed the associations of individual T/Cr and M/Cr levels to cardiovascular risks in the present study. Method: From WHO-CARDIAC Study populations, 61 populations of 25 countries in the world, Japanese populations with obviously higher 24U T excretion because of their common fish eating custom and the other populations in which both data of T and M were not available were excluded and the data of 3960 individuals from 41 WHO-CARDIAC Study populations were used for the following analyses. Results: The means of 24U T/Cr and M/Cr ratios in total individual data were 639.4 and 82.8, respectively. The average of BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), T-Cho and atherogenic index (AI) in the individuals with more than the means of T/Cr or M/Cr were significantly lower than those of individuals with less than the means. The CARDIAC Study participants were divided into the following 4 groups by these means: A (T/Cr and M/Cr >= mean), B (T/Cr >= mean, M/Cr < mean), C (T/Cr < mean, M/Cr >= mean), D (T/Cr and M/Cr < mean). The group A showed significantly lower values compared with the group D in BMI, SBP, DBP, T-Cho, and AI. Conclusions: Cardiovascular risks were proven to be highly significantly lower in individuals who were excreting both 24U T and M, more than the averages despite differences in ethnicity and genetic background. Since T and M are biomarkers for seafood, vegetables, soy, nuts, milk, etc., dietary custom to eat these food sources could be recommended for cardiovascular disease prevention.
Epicardial and Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue as a Potential Source of Endothelial Cells for Vascular Tissue Engineering; Adipose tissue, an easily available and bioactive tissue, is currently considered as an attractive source of autologous cells for tissue engineering and regenerative medicine. Here we estimated endothelial cell yield of epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), the two major fat depots, in patients with coronary artery disease. Following enzymatic dissociation of adipose tissue, stromal vascular fraction was cultured in endothelial cell growth medium according to the established protocol. Endothelial phenotype was authenticated by a double immunostaining to VE-cadherin/CD144 and von Willebrand factor. We found that both EAT and SAT contain a comparable and significant amount of endothelial progenitor cells.
Association of homocysteine with traditional and non-traditional risk factors in patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease; Aim To assess the association between total homocysteine (tHcy) and traditional and nontraditional risk factors in patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease (ASVD). Methods This cross-sectional study included 99 ASVD patients and 40 control subjects in whom we determined lipid profile, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), uric acid (UA) and tHcy. Results The median tHcy concentration was significantly higher in ASVD group compared to the controls ((18.7(13.65-24.45) vs. 11.48(10.03-14.2) mu mol/L (p < 0.001)). Mean serum cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (LDLc) and atherogenic index were significantly lower, while mean serum UA concentration was significantly higher in hyperhomocysteinemic compared to normohomocysteinemic ASVD patients and control subjects. In hyperhomocysteinemic ASVD patients a significant negative correlation between serum logtHcy and cholesterol (r=-0.32), LDLc (r=-0.24), very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDLc) (r=-0.295) and atherogenic index (r=-0.25) was observed. In normohomocysteinemic ASVD patients serum logtHcy was significantly positively correlated with UA (r=0.46) and hsCRP (r=0.383). Multivariate linear regression analysis revealed that serum logtHcy was independently positively associated only with UA in normohomocysteinemic ASVD patients. Conclusion The results of our study have shown that the association between tHcy and traditional and non-traditional risk factors depends on tHcy serum level. It was observed a negative association between serum tHcy and lipids in hyperhomocysteinemic ASVD patients. On the other hand, in ASVD patients with serum tHcy levels within the reference range a positive independent association between serum tHcy and UA might reflect an underlying elevated tension of redox stress.
Effects of <i>Averrhoa bilimbi</i> leaf extract on blood glucose and lipids in streptozotocin-diabetic rats; The present study was designed to investigate the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activities of an ethanolic extract of Averrhoa bilimbi Linn. leaves (Oxalidaceae, Common name: Bilimbi) in streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic rats. The optimal hypoglycemic dose (125 mg kg(-1)) was determined by performing the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in both normal and STZ-diabetic rats. To investigate the effect of repeated administration of an ethanolic extract of Averrhoa bilimbi (ABe) leaves, diabetic rats were treated with vehicle (distilled water), ABe (125 mg kg(-1)) or metformin (500 mg kg(-1)) twice a day for 2 weeks. Like metformin, ABe significantly lowered blood glucose by 50% and blood triglyceride by 130% when compared with the vehicle. ABe also significantly increased the HDL-cholesterol concentrations by 60% compared with the vehicle. ABe thus significantly increased the anti-atherogenic index and HDL-cholesterol/total cholesterol ratio. However, like metformin, ABe did not affect total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations, but significantly reduced the kidney lipid peroxidation level. These data show that ABe has hypoglycemic, hypotriglyceridemic, anti-lipid peroxidative and anti-atherogenic properties in STZ-diabetic rats. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid and cholesterol profiles, hypocholesterolemic, atherogenic, and thrombogenic indices of broiler meat in the retail market; Background: Broiler meat is an essential source of food due to its favourable effects on human health derived from its protein, fats, minerals, vitamins and its bioactive components. Methods: A total of 90 carcasses were collected from the retail market in Jeddah city, Saudi Arabia during April, May and June 2014 to determine the effects of meat type (frozen vs. fresh) and sources within fresh types (A, B, C) vs. frozen types (D, E and F) on their fatty acid profiles, cholesterol, their hypocholesterolemic, atherogenic and thrombogenic indices, and on their antioxidants' status. Results: The sources of meat had a significant effect on the hypocholesterolemic and atherogenic indices, with the D source of fresh meat having the best indices. Total saturated fatty acids (SFA), unsaturated fatty acids (UFA), the UFA/SAF ratio, and the monounsaturated (MUFA), Omega-6 and Omega-7 fatty acids were significantly affected by the source of meat. The results revealed that the D source of fresh meat showed favourable fatty acid profiles with significant health benefits for human. Correlation analyses showed a significant negative relationship between the SFA and hypocholesterolemic indices, and significant positive relationships with the atherogenic index, the thrombotgenic index and the total antioxidant capacity. In addition, the relationship between UFA and the hypocholesterolemic index was strongly significantly positive, but was highly negative between the atherogenic and thrombotic indices. The correlations between omega-6 and total cholesterol and the atherogenic index was moderately negative, but was moderately positive with the hypocholesterolemic index. Conclusion: Fatty acids profiles and the hypocholesterolemic and atherogenic indices of broiler meat in the retail market in Jeddah city, Saudi Arabia during April-May-June showed significant differences, with the potential for favourable fatty acids to be boosted. Such variability indicates the needs for a feeding strategy to enhance the favourable fatty acids that may positively impact the health of the consumer, lowering the risk of hypercholesterolemia, atherosclerosis, and thrombogenesis although further studies are needed.
Relations between particle size of HDL and LDL lipoproteins and cholesterol esterification rate; Particle size of low density (LDL) and high density (HDL) lipoproteins and cholesterol esterification rate in HDL plasma (FERHDL) are important independent predictors of coronary artery diseases (CAD). In this study we assessed the interrelations between these indicators and routinely examined plasma lipid parameters and plasma glucose concentrations. In 141 men, healthy volunteers, we examined plasma total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL and LDL cholesterol (HDL-C, LDL-C) and HDL unesterified cholesterol (HDL-UC). Particle size distribution in HDL and LDL was assessed by gradient gel electrophoresis and FERHDL was estimated by radioassay. An effect of particle size and FERHDL on atherogenic indexes as the Log(TG/HDL-C) and TC/HDL-C was evaluated. Subjects in the study had plasma concentrations (mean +/- S.D.) of TC 5.2 +/- 0.9 mmol/l, HDL-C 1.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/l, TG 2.1 +/- 1.7 mmol/l, glucose 5 +/- 0.8 mmol/l. Relative concentration of HDL2b was 17.6 +/- 11.5 % and 14.6 +/- 11.8 % of HDL3b,c. The mean diameter of LDL particles was 25.8 +/- 1.5 nm. The increase in FERHDL significantly correlated with the decrease in HDL2b and LDL particle size (r = -0.537 and -0.583, respectively, P<0.01) and the increase in HDL(3b,)c (0.473, P<0.01). Strong interrelations among TG and HDL-C or HDL-UC and FERHDL and particle size were found, but TC or LDL-C did not have such an effect. Atherogenic indexes Log(TG/HDL-C) and TC/HDL-C correlated with FERHDL (0.827 and 0.750, respectively, P<0.0001) and with HDL and LDL particle size.
Leucine-Rich α-2-Glycoprotein 1 Suppresses Endothelial Cell Activation Through ADAM10-Mediated Shedding of TNF-α Receptor; Elevated serum concentrations of leucine-rich alpha-2-glycoprotein (LRG1) have been reported in patients with inflammatory, autoimmune, and cardiovascular diseases. This study aims to investigate the role of LRG1 in endothelial activation. LRG1 in endothelial cells (ECs) of arteries and serum of patients with critical limb ischemia (CLI) was assessed by immunohistochemistry and ELISA, respectively. LRG1 expression in sheared and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha)-treated ECs was analyzed. The mechanistic role of LRG1 in endothelial activation was studied in vitro. Plasma of 37-week-old Lrg1(-/-) mice was used to investigate causality between LRG1 and tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFR1) shedding. LRG1 was highly expressed in ECs of stenotic but not normal arteries. LRG1 concentrations in serum of patients with CLI were elevated compared to healthy controls. LRG1 expression was shear dependent. It could be induced by TNF-alpha, and the induction of its expression was mediated by NF-kappa B activation. LRG1 inhibited TNF-alpha-induced activation of NF-kappa B signaling, expression of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1, and monocyte capture, firm adhesion, and transendothelial migration. Mechanistically, LRG1 exerted its function by causing the shedding of TNFR1 via the ALK5-SMAD2 pathway and the subsequent activation of ADAM10. Consistent with this mechanism, LRG1 and sTNFR1 concentrations were correlated in the serum of CLI patients. Causality between LRG1 and TNFR1 shedding was established by showing that Lrg1(-/-) mice had lower plasma sTNFR1 concentrations than wild type mice. Our results demonstrate a novel role for LRG1 in endothelial activation and its potential therapeutic role in inflammatory diseases should be investigated further.
Estrogen/progesterone replacement versus pravastatin and their sequential association in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women; Objectives: The objectives of this study were to assess serum lipid changes in response to an oral estrogen combined with progesterone (Group A) as compared with pravastatin (Group B) and to evaluate the additive effects of the sequential addition of statin to hormonal replacement therapy (HRT) and of HRT to statin. Methods: Thirty-seven of 63 hypercholesterolemic menopausal women initially submitted to a 4-month diet were randomised to oral conjugated estrogens (0.625 mg)/micronised progesterone (200 mg) or to pravastatin (40 mg). After 6 months, each group received both medications for another 6 months. Results: Nineteen percent of women corrected their lipids below decision levels with diet alone. Low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) decreased by 8 +/- 5% with HRT and by 26 +/- 3% (P < 0.001) with the statin. These single medications increased high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) by 13 +/- 5% (P < 0.01) and 11 +/- 7%, respectively. Combined interventions produced cumulative LDL-C reductions of 40 +/- 2 and 42 +/- 3% (P < 0.001) and additive HDL-C augmentations of 16 +/- 4 and 23 +/- 5% (P < 0.01) with proportional changes in apolipoprotein (Apo)B-100 and ApoA-1. These combined effects brought the atherogenic index (C/HDL-C) for Groups A and B. respectively, from a moderate (5.18 +/- 0.25 and 5.87 +/- 0.18) to a reduced (3.35 +/- 0.20 and 3.52 +/- 0.19) risk category. Triglycerides (TG) which were increased by HRT and decreased by the statin returned to baseline during combined treatments. No changes in diet, physical activity or anthropomorphometric measurements explained the lipid modifications. Conclusions: In menopausal patients with elevated C not responding to diet, pravastatin was most effective to decrease LDL-C, and oral estrogen-micronised progesterone most effective to increase HDL-C, Marked reduction of the atherogenic index is achieved by sequential combinations of medications resulting from beneficial cumulative effects on both C-LDL and C-HDL. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
LONG-TERM EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF CIPROFIBRATE IN PATIENTS WITH PRIMARY HYPERLIPIDEMIA; Ciprofibrate was studied for long-term efficacy in 102 patients with diet-resistant primary hyperlipidemia in an open study. Dosages of 100 or 200 mg once daily were based on clinical judgment and treatment continued for up to 12 years, with a mean duration of 6.7 years. Ciprofibrate effectively lowered total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, atherogenic index, and total and very-low-density triglycerides in all types of hyperlipidemia (IIA, IIB, III, and IV). These effects persisted during long-term treatment. There were only three possible drug-related withdrawals due to adverse events and these were considered not to be of a serious nature. No clinically significant, drug-induced, abnormal laboratory changes were found. The plasma ciprofibrate concentration reached a steady state level within approximately one month and remained stable thereafter. Ciprofibrate is a safe drug with good compliance suitable for long-term treatment of different types of primary hyperlipidemia. The recommended standard dose is 100 mg daily, but to achieve an optimal effect, especially in patients with elevated LDL cholesterol, 200 mg once daily can be safety given.
Contemporary comparison of aortofemoral bypass to alternative inflow procedures in the Veteran population; Objective: Multiple vascular inflow reconstruction options exist for claudication, including aortofemoral bypass (AFB) and alternative inflow procedures (AIPs) such as femoral reconstruction with iliac stents, and femoral-femoral, iliofemoral, and axillofemoral bypass. Contemporary multi-institution comparison of these techniques is lacking. Methods: The Veterans Affairs Surgical Quality Improvement Project (VASQIP) national database (2005-2013) was used to compare AFB vs AIP in a propensity-matched analysis. Primary outcome was mortality at 30 and 90 days. Secondary outcomes included rates of postoperative complications. Multivariable regression assessed the adjusted effect of inflow procedure type on mortality. Results: A matched cohort of 748 claudicant patients (373 AFB, 375 AIP) was identified. The AFB and AIP groups had similar mean age (59.9 vs 60.8 years
Development of a Polymeric Scaffold for Vascular Tissue Engineering; An important area of tissue engineering is the development of small-diameter vascular grafts. In our study we assessed whether an electrospun polymer scaffold is beneficial for developing a tissue-engineered graft. The polymeric grafts were made from a blend of polyhydroxybutyrate/valerate and polycaprolactone (PHBV/PCL) and added type I collagen. Additionally, the grafts were treated with fibronectin. Cells were isolated from the peripheral blood of patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and then seeded on the luminal graft surface. Then, the grafts with cells were cultured in a pulsatile flow bioreactor. We confirmed that separate feeding of PHBV/PCL and type I collagen during electrospinning allows developing a scaffold for a vascular graft suitable for maintaining the viability of the endothelial layer on the luminal surface.
Analysis of Blood Flow in a Partially Blocked Bifurcated Blood Vessel; Coronary artery disease is a major cause of death in the United States. It is the narrowing of the lumens of the coronary blood vessel by a gradual build-up of fatty material, atheroma, which leads to the heart muscle not receiving enough blood. This myocardial ischemia can cause angina, a heart attack, heart failure as well as sudden cardiac death [9]. In this project a solid model of bifurcated blood vessel with an asymmetric stenosis is developed using GAMBIT and imported into FLUENT for analysis. In FLUENT, pressure and velocity distributions in the blood vessel are studied under different conditions, where the size and position of the blockage in the blood vessel are varied. The location and size of the blockage in the blood vessel are correlated with the pressures and velocities distributions. Results show that such correlation may be used to predict the size and location of the blockage.
Effect of inulin incorporated processed cheese spread on lipid profile of blood serum and liver in rats; In the present study, the hypocholesterolemic effect of a newly developed functional inulin incorporated processed cheese spread (IPCS) has been evaluated using rat model. After acclimatization period, group 1 (control) was fed with a synthetic diet, whereas groups 2, 3, and 4 were fed with a cholesterol-enriched diet (CED) for 30 days to increase blood cholesterol level. Then, groups 2, 3, and 4 were, respectively, fed with synthetic diet, control cheese spread, and IPCS for 30 days. It was observed that in group 4, serum total, LDL, VLDL cholesterol, and atherogenic index decreased, and the decrease in liver cholesterol and triglycerides was also significantly higher in comparison to other groups. It was also noticed that due to CED feeding, the liver, spleen, and heart weight increased whereas feeding IPCS showed reduction in weight of those organs due to reduction in deposition of triglycerides and cholesterol. The overall findings validated the hypocholesterolemic effect of the developed IPCS.
A Comparative Study of Modified Weibull Distributions in Proportional Hazards Models; The field of survival analysis has made a tremendous progress during the latter half of the twentieth century. Weibull distribution and parametric models (proportional hazards models) have played important roles in the analysis of survival data. In this paper, a two-parameter modified Weibull distribution, three-parameter modified Weibull distributions and a four-parameter modified Weibull distribution are demonstrated that can be adopted in the proportional hazards models. Smoothed hazard estimate is used to indicate that Weibull and modified Weibull models are preferred to apply in the coronary heart disease (CHD) data. Weibull and modified Weibull proportional hazards models are fitted to the CHD data. It is found that the two-parameter modified Weibull proportional hazards model has a better fit to the CHD data than Weibull and other modified Weibull proportional hazards models.
Significant effects of biologic therapy on lipid profiles and insulin resistance in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; Introduction: The goal of this study was to investigate (1) the associations of rheumatoid arthritis (RA)-related inflammation or rheumatoid factor/anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide (anti-CCP) positivity with lipid profiles and insulin resistance (IR), (2) the effects of biologic therapy on lipid profiles and IR, and (3) potential predictors for the presence of subclinical atherosclerosis. Methods: Serum levels of lipid profiles were determined by enzymatic methods in 32 adalimumab-treated patients, 16 etanercept-treated patients, 24 tocilizumab-treated patients, and 20 biologic-naive patients. Atherogenic index, which corresponds to the ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), was calculated. IR was measured by homeostasis model assessment. Pro-inflammatory cytokine levels were examined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Common carotid artery intima-media thickness was determined by using sonography. Results: There was an inverse correlation between disease activity (disease activity score for 28 joints, or DAS28) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels (r = -0.226, P < 0.05) and a positive correlation between DAS28 and IR (r = 0.361, P < 0.005). Anti-CCP-positive patients had significantly higher DAS28 and IR compared with anti-CCP-negative patients. There was also a positive correlation between IR and levels of interleukin-6 or tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). HDL-C levels significantly increased in patients receiving 6-month anti-TNF-alpha therapy, and levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglyceride increased in tocilizumab-treated patients. IR significantly decreased in patients under biologic therapy but was unchanged in biologic-naive patients. Age, IR, and DAS28 were significant predictors of severe subclinical atherosclerosis (odds ratios of 1.08, 2.77, and 2.52, respectively). Conclusions: Significant associations of RA-related inflammation with lipid profiles and IR indicate the involvement of RA in atherosclerosis pathogenesis. Biologic therapies were associated with IR reduction without change in atherogenic index, but their beneficial effects on atherosclerosis reduction need to be verified in the future.
<i>Helicobacter pylori</i> is associated with modified lipid profile:: impact on Lipoprotein(a); Objectives: Helicobacter pylori is a controversial risk factor for atherosclerosis. We investigated whether the bacterium persistent inflammation or the expression of the cytotoxin-associated gene A (CagA) may affect serum lipids as well as Lipoprotein(a). Design and methods: Two hundred-eleven healthy volunteers were evaluated for lipids and Lipoprotein(a). Helicobacter pylori was characterized by Urea Breath Test and IgG-anti-CagA. apo(a) Kringle-IV polymorphism was genotyped. Results: Prevalence of the infection was 72%
SERUM LEVELS OF TOCOPHEROL AND RETINOL AND THEIR RELATION TO TRIGLYCERIDES IN JAPANESE CHILDREN AGED 9-12; This study assessed the biochemical status of serum-alpha-tocopherol (Toc), retinol (Ret), and lipids in elementary school children (ages 9-12 years, 38 males and 37 females) and searched for relationships among them. No significant difference was observed between the sexes for total cholesterol (T-C) (165 and 163 mg/100ml for males and females, respectively), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and (64 and 62 mg/100 ml), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) (101 mg/100 ml for both groups), or for triglycerides (TG) (79 and 77 mg/100 ml). Therefore, the percentage of HDL-C to T-C (39 and 38%) and the LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (1.67 and 1.68) were about the same for both sexes. Toc and Ret levels of males and females were 5.48 and 5.57-mu-g/ml and 478 and 449 ng/ml, respectively. The ratios of Toc/TG (7.50 and 7.93-mu-g/mg) and Ret/TG (666 and 613 ng/mg) also showed no significant differences. A correlation was found between the T-C level and LDL-C (r = 0.85, p < 0.001) and also between it and the ratio of LDL-C/HDL-C (r = 0.42, p < 0.001). The atherogenic index, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, showed a negative correlation with the HDL-C level (r = -0.73, p < 0.001). The Toc level was positively correlated with the ratio of Toc/TG (r = 0.45, p < 0.001), and the ratio of Toc/TG was inversely correlated with the TG level (r = -0.80, p < 0.001). Serum Ret levels showed a positive correlation with the ratios of Ret/TG (r = 0.63, p < 0.001), and the Ret/TG ratio showed an inverse correlation with the TG level (r = 0.56, p < 0.001). The ratios of Toc/TG were positively correlated with the ratios of Ret/TG (r = 0.56, p < 0.001), and these ratios showed a positive correlation with the HDL-C (r = 0.42, p < 0.001
Comparison of species and lactation of different mammalian milk: The unique composition and stereospecificity of fatty acids of mare milk; The fatty acid (FA) composition of colostrum (<7 days) and mature milk (>90 days) from cows, goats, camels, donkeys, and mares was analysed. Mare milk had the greatest percentage of polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs) among all samples and the ratio of saturated FA:monounsaturated FA (MUFA):PUFA (1:0.69:0.84) was nearest to the optimal ratio (1:1:1) formulated by FAO/WHO. Mare milk was composed mainly of C16:0, C18:1c, and C18:3N3. Odd-chain FAs mainly accumulated in mare and donkey milk
Left and right ventricular diastolic dysfunction in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis before prescribing disease-modifying antirheumatic therapy; Aim. To estimate the rate of diastolic dysfunction (DD) of the left and right ventricles (LV and RV) in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis (RA) before using disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) therapy and to investigate its association with traditional risk factors (TRFs) for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and inflammatory markers. Subjects and methods. The investigation enrolled 74 patients with a valid diagnosis of RA, including 56 (74%) women (median age, 54 years
Plaque and arterial vulnerability investigation in a three-layer atherosclerotic human coronary artery using computational fluid-structure interaction method; Coronary artery disease is the common form of cardiovascular diseases and known to be the main reason of deaths in the world. Fluid-Structure Interaction (FSI) simulations can be employed to assess the interactions of artery/plaque and blood to provide a more precise anticipation for rupture of arterial tissue layers and plaque tissues inside an atherosclerotic artery. To date, the arterial tissue in computational FSI simulations has been considered as a one-layer structure. However, a single layer assumption might have deeply bounded the results and, consequently, more computational simulation is needed by considering the arterial tissue as a three-layer structure. In this study, a three-dimensional computational FSI model of an atherosclerotic artery with a three-layer structure and different plaque types was established to perform a more accurate arterial wall/plaque tissue vulnerability assessment. The hyperelastic material coefficients of arterial layers were calculated and implemented in the computational model. The fully coupled fluid and structure models were solved using the explicit dynamics finite element code LS-DYNA. The results revealed the significant role of plaque types in the normal and shear stresses induced within the arterial tissue layers. The highest von Mises and shear stresses were observed on the stiffest calcified plaque with 3.59 and 3.27 MPa, while the lowest von Mises and shear stresses were seen on the hypocellular plaque with 1.15 and 0.63 MPa, respectively. Regardless of plaque types, the media and adventitia layers were played protective roles by displaying less stress on their wall, whilst the intima layer was at a high risk of rupture. The findings of this study have implications not only for determining the most vulnerable arterial layer/plaque tissue inside an atherosclerotic coronary artery but also for balloon-angioplasty, stenting, and bypass surgeries. (C) 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.
Comparison of Hesperetin and Its Metabolites for Cholesterol-Lowering and Antioxidative Efficacy in Hypercholesterolemic Hamsters; This study was performed to compare the hypolipidemic and antioxidant efficacy of hesperetin and its metabolites in hypercholesterolemic hamsters. The hamsters were fed a high-fat (10% coconut oil and 0.2% cholesterol, wt/wt) diet or a high-fat diet supplemented with hesperetin (0.02%) or hesperetin metabolites, 3,4-dihydroxyphenylpropionic acid (DHPP) (0.012%) and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxycinnamic acid (ferulic acid) (0.013%), for 12 weeks. Dietary DHPP and ferulic acid were found to have significantly decreased the levels of the plasma total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoproteincholesterol (HDL-C), apolipoprotein B, hepatic lipids, and cholesterol-regulating enzymes compared to the control group. In particular, ferulic acid was more potent with respect to raising HDL-C/total cholesterol ratio and paraoxonase levels while decreasing atherogenic index values. Hesperetin and its metabolites seemed to enhance antioxidant capacity by lowering the hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxide (thiobarbituric acid-reactive substrates) levels. Among the hesperetin metabolites tested, the relative potency of ferulic acid for reducing the risks of atherosclerosis in hamsters was found to be greater.
Studies on SFA/TFA (Saturated/Trans Fatty Acid) Rich Dietary Fats on Lipid Profile and Antioxidant Enzymes in Normal and Stressed rats; In many of the preparations instead of saturated fatty acids (SFA), trans fatty acid (TFA) produced by partial hydrogenation of unsaturated oils were advocated as the preferred fatty acid base for solid fats. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of dietary fats rich in SFA and TFA on lipid profile and endogenous antioxidant enzymes in normal and stressed rats. Twenty eight day old male Wistar rats were fed for duration of 45 days with fat enriched special diet (10% fat) prepared with coconut oil (CO), palm oil (PO) (SFA rich), Vanaspathi (VP) (TFA rich) and groundnut oil (control) respectively. Present study claims the protective role CO against atherogenic index and lipid peroxidation under normal and stress conditions. PO though contains SFA possesses less beneficial effect than CO, but safer than VP in causing atherogenicity. Whereas VP by virtue of its hyperlipidemic and oxidative stress generating ability exhibits deleterious effects in causing atherogenicity. Hence the consumption of high content of TFAs may aggravate the occurrence of cardiovascular disease, this effect being worse when accompanied with stress.
Effects of Rice Embryo and Embryo Jelly with Black Rice Bran Pigment on Lipid Metabolism and Antioxidant Enzyme Activity in High Cholesterol-Fed Rats; We investigated the effect of rice embryo and embryo jelly with black rice bran pigment on lipid metabolism and antioxidant activity. Thirty 4-week-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed high cholesterol diets supplemented with 15% rice embryo and 25% embryo jelly added black rice bran pigment, respectively, for 6 weeks. Plasma and hepatic lipid profile, lipid peroxidation, and the activity of antioxidant scavenger enzymes in liver were examined. Supplementation with rice embryo and embryo jelly had no effect on food intakes in high cholesterol-fed rats. The plasma triglyceride concentration was not significantly different among the groups. Supplementation with rice embryo and embryo jelly resulted in lower plasma and hepatic total cholesterol (TC) concentration and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C)/TC ratio and atherogenic index compared to the control group, while the plasma HDL-C concentration tended to elevated. Rice embryo and embryo jelly tended to lower plasma and hepatic levels of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances than the control group. Moreover, hepatic antioxidant enzyme activities, including superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase, were significantly higher in the rice embryo and embryo jelly groups. In conclusion, rice embryo and embryo jelly was very effective in improving the lipid metabolism and reducing oxidative stress by up-regulating the hepatic antioxidant enzymes in high cholesterol-fed rats.
ANTIHYPERTENSIVE AND ANTIHYPERLIPIDEMIC EFFECTS OF FUNORAN; Studies were conducted to determine the mechanism of blood pressure- and cholesterol-lowering effects of funoran on rats fed with a saline solution and cholesterol diet. Clofibrate (COIB) was used as a reference hypolipidemic drug. Funoran caused significant reduction of systolic blood pressure (SBP). Funoran and CPIB significantly reduced serum total cholesterol (TC), free cholesterol (FC), triglyceride (TG), LDL-cholesterol (LDL), and atherogenic index (AI) levels in these rats. The increase of sodium, water excretion and sodium-potassium ratio in urine in the funoran group was more significant in the experimental rats than in the control group. Moreover, the ratio of Na and K in serum decreased with the funoran diet. The CPIB diet enhanced cholesterol level in the liver while the funoran diet suppressed the level, but in feces the former diet did not change the cholesterol level while the latter diet increased it. These results suggest that the enhanced ability to excrete sodium in urine by the funoran diet is an important factor for reducing blood pressure and that the antihyperlipidemic effect of funoran was not caused by the mobilization of peripheral cholesterol on the liver, but by the enhanced excretion of cholesterol into feces.
Antibody Production of Wild-Type and enzyme V279F Variants of PAF-AH as a Risk Factor for Cardiovascular Disease; Coronary artery disease (CAD) has emerged as a leading cause of death in Indonesia nowadays. WHO data in 2012 revealed that 37% of the Indonesian population died from this disease. CAD occurs because of endothelial dysfunction in the arteries. Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (1)-PLA(2)), also known as platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase (PAF-AH), is a phospholipase A2 enzyme, encoded by the PLA2G7 gene. This protein is predicted to be involved in inflammatory phospholipid metabolism so it can be used as a biomarker of CAD in the early phase. Thus, the purpose of this research is to discover the difference in antibody production between wild-type and mutant V279F. The PAF-AH enzyme was isolated from mice lymphocyte cells in order to develop this enzyme as a biomarker of cardiovascular disease. PAF-AH migrates at 55kDa according to SDS-PAGE analysis. Flow cytometry analysis showed that mutant PAF-AH (V279F) is more antigenic than wild-type PAF-AH. The missense mutation of V279F PAF-AH means this enzyme cannot catabolize the acetyl group at the sn-2 position of PAF.
FOR THE PREVENTION OF POSTMENOPAUSAL OSTEOPOROSIS - HOW BENEFICIAL IS TRANSDERMAL HORMONE REPLACEMENT THERAPY; Question: Can osteoporosis and cardiovascular risk be effectively and simultaneously prevented with transdermal estradiol replacement therapy (in combination with norethisterone acetate 1 mg per day, oral, cyclically for 12 days monthly)? Methods: A selected, representative group of healthy women with an average age of 52 years, with confirmed natural menopause for 1 to 4 years, randomly allocated to a treatment-group with hormone replacement (n = 42) and a control-group in = 70), with homogeneous main parameters in the two groups, can be compared, without distortion of the findings, during the period of the two-year intervention study: the purely trabecular bone mass in the distal radius was specifically measured, prospectively, with the highly accurate, three-dimensional, peripheral quantitative computed tomography (thin- und multi-layer technology
A Rice Bran Oil Diet Improves Lipid Abnormalities and Suppress Hyperinsulinemic Responses in Rats with Streptozotocin/Nicotinamide-Induced Type 2 Diabetes; The aim of this study was to determine the effects of rice bran oil (RBO) on lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in rats with streptozotocin/nicotinamide-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Rats were divided into two groups: the control group (15% soybean oil, contains 0 g gamma-oryzanol and 0 g gamma-tocotrienot/150 g oil for 5 weeks) and the RBO group (15% RBO, contains 5.25 g gamma-oryzanol and 0.9 g gamma-tocotrienol/150 g oil for 5 weeks). Compared with the control group, the R-130 group had a lower plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentration, ratio of total to high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, hepatic cholesterol concentration, and area under the curve for insulin. The RBO group had a higher high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentration and greater excretion of fecal neutral sterols and bile acid than did the control group. RBO may improve lipid abnormalities, reduce the atherogenic index, and suppress the hyperinsulinemic response in rats with streptozotocin/nicotinamide-induced T2DM. In addition, RBO can lead to increased fecal neutral sterol and bile acid excretion.
Anti-Atherogenic Activity of Ethanolic Fraction of <i>Terminalia arjuna</i> Bark on Hypercholesterolemic Rabbits; Atherosclerosis which results from gradual deposition of lipids in medium and large arteries is a leading cause of mortality worldwide. Terminalia arjuna is a herb of Combretaceae family which contains hypolipidemic compounds and flavonoids with high antioxidative properties. This study was conducted to determine the effect of ethanolic fraction of T. arjuna on blood lipids and atherosclerosis in rabbits fed with high fat diet (HFD). Twenty New Zealand rabbits of either sex were randomly divided into five groups: the first two were normal diet group and HFD (21% fat) group and the remaining three groups received high cholesterol diet supplemented with standard drug (Atorvastatin 10mg kg(-1) body weight), T. arjuna ethanolic fraction (100 and 200 mg kg(-1) body weight), respectively. The concentration of total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides (TGs), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was determined in rabbits at the start of the experiment, at the 14th, 30th days and at the end of the study. Anti-atherogenic index was calculated from the lipid profile of the rabbits before sacrifice. At the end of the experimental period, the aorta was removed for assessment of atherosclerotic plaques. Results show that T. arjuna significantly decreases TC, LDL and TG levels and increases HDL and lessens atherosclerotic lesion in aorta (P < .05). Hence T. arjuna extract can effectively prevent the progress of atherosclerosis. This is likely due to the effect of T. arjuna on serum lipoproteins and its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.
Naringin time-dependently lowers hepatic cholesterol biosynthesis and plasma cholesterol in rats fed high-fat and high-cholesterol diet; The flavonoid naringin was investigated for its differential effects on hepatic cholesterol regulation when supplemented for 3 weeks and 6 weeks. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat and high-cholesterol diet with or without 0.02% naringin supplement for 3 or 6 weeks. Supplementation with naringin resulted in a significant decrease in the plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in the 6-week trial. Although high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol was not altered in either trial, the HDL-cholesterol/total cholesterol ratio (in percent) was significantly higher, and the atherogenic index was significantly lower in the naringin-supplemented groups in the 6-week trial. The hepatic cholesterol content was also lowered by naringin supplementation only in the 6-week trial. The hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase activity was lower in the rats supplemented with naringin for 6 weeks, while the hepatic acyl-coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase activity was lower in both the 3-week and 6-week trials. Results indicate that supplementation with naringin for 3 weeks did not exhibit a hypolipidemic effect when given with a HFHC diet. Naringin can, however, be beneficial for lowering hepatic cholesterol biosynthesis and levels of plasma lipids when supplemented for 6 weeks in this animal model.
Co-supplementation of Vitamin K2 and Selenium Synergistically Improves Metabolic Status and Reduces Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Dyslipidemic Rabbits; This work investigated the impact of vitamin K2 and selenium co-supplementation on metabolic profile and indicators of cardiovascular health in dyslipidemic rabbits. Fifty adult male rabbits were equally allocated into 5 groups: Control group, Dyslipidemic group: received 0.5% cholesterol in diet for 12 weeks, groups 3, 4 and 5 dyslipidemic rabbits daily treated with vitamin K2 (10 mg/kg bw) or/and selenium (1 mg/kg bw) for 8 weeks. Co-supplementation of vitamin K2 and selenium significantly decreased body weight gain and blood pressure elevation in dyslipidemic rabbits compared to un-treated ones. Consuming vitamin K2 plus selenium also markedly lowered serum lipids encompassing cholesterol, triglycerides and LDL and elevated HDL relative to placebo. Additionally, such co-supplementation reduced fasting glucose and insulin, enhancing insulin sensitivity with respect to placebo. Regarding cardiovascular risk markers, dyslipidemic rabbits received vitamin K2 concurrently with selenium displayed lower levels of atherogenic index (LDL/HDL), serum C-reactive protein, heart fatty acid-binding protein and asymmetric dimethylarginine as well as aortic ox-LDL, lipid peroxidation and calcium but higher levels of serum nitric oxide and aortic total antioxidants than un-treated ones. Concomitant administration of vitamin K2 and selenium improved metabolic profile, markers of cardiovascular health and atherosclerosis in dyslipidemic rabbits.
The impact of GnRH agonist and menotropin therapy on lipoprotein metabolism; Two groups of women, 48 undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analog and human menopausal gonadotropin daily and a group of 15 treated with a GnRH analog using the 'luteal phase protocol' before the hyperstimulation for IVF, took part in a prospective randomized study at the IVF Unit of the Beilinson Medical Center, Israel. The aim was to evaluate the changes in lipid metabolism occurring in the course of a standard controlled ovarian hyperstimulation protocol during IVF treatment cycles by measuring serum lipid levels before and after treatment. In the former group, in parallel with the 17 beta-estradiol increase, the cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels dropped and the high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels increased significantly. The resultant atherogenic index demonstrated a statistically significant decrease. In the latter group the mean lipoprotein levels were slightly different after treatment, but no statistically significant difference was observed. Our results indicate that the GnRH analog alone, administered for 10-12 days, does not induce any significant change in serum lipid levels. When using a combination of a GnRH analog and menotropins, the change of lipoprotein levels is favorable.
A Diet Rich Fiber Improves Lipid Profile in Rats Fed on High Fat Diet; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the protective effect of apple peels, Psyllium seeds and celery fibers supplement as hypolipidemic agent in rats fed on high-fat diet. The fiber contents were found to be 91.74%, 85.37% and 86.43% respectively. Material and methods: This study was conducted on 10 equal rat groups which were fed as follows
Antihyperlipidemic effect of <i>Trichilia connaroides</i> in hypercholesterolemic rats and its possible mechanism; Objectives: The primary objective of this study was to investigate the antihyperlipidemic effect of the chloroform (CETC) and methanol (METC) extracts of leaves of Trichilia connaroides in hypercholesterolemic rats and, subsequently, to evaluate the possible mechanism of its antihyperlipidemic effect. Materials and Methods: The antihyperlipidemic activity of CETC and METC (100 mg/kg) in hypercholesterolemic rats was investigated by recording the serum lipid profile after a month-long oral treatment of these extracts. Further, hypercholesterolemic regression test and hypercholesterolemic progression test were carried out to understand the possible mechanism of its antihypercholesterolemic effect. The data were analyzed for statistical significance by one-way ANOVA, followed by Dunnets test. Results and Conclusion: Hypercholesterolemic rats treated with CETC and METC produced a significant fall (P < 0.05) in plasma triglyceride, total cholesterol, very low density lipoprotein (VLDL )-cholesterol and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and rise (P < 0.05) in high density lipoprotein (HDL) -cholesterol. A significant reduction (P < 0.01) in atherogenic index, increase (P < 0.05) in body weight and an insignificant influence on food intake were also observed at the end of the study. A hypercholesterolemic regression test revealed a significant reduction (P < 0.05) in the serum cholesterol level in both CETC and METC extract-treated animals. During the hypercholesterolemic progression test, a similar reduction in the serum cholesterol level was observed only in the METC extract-treated animals. The antihyperlipidemic effect was similar to fenofibrate and ezitimibe. Significant changes in the lipid profile in hypercholesterolemic animals confirm a potential antihyperlipidemic activity of the extracts. The CETC and METC extracts influenced the absorption and metabolism of dietary cholesterol to elicit the antihyperlipidemic effect.
Bioactivity of Essential Oil from Lemongrass (<i>Cymbopogon citratus</i> Stapf) as Antioxidant Agent; Free radical induced oxidative stress that influences the occurrence of various degenerative diseases such as cancer, coronary heart disease and premature aging. In the case that body's antioxidant defense system does not have excessive antioxidants, additional natural antioxidant via food or other nutrients intake is needed. Stems of lemongrass Cymbopogon citratus Stapf are known to contain phenolic compounds that are known to have antioxidant activity. Lemongrass (Cymbopogon citratus Stapf) plant is well known herb in Asia, espesially in Indonesia and used for cooking and has many health benefits. A study has been carried out to determine antioxidant potential of stems of lemongrass. In this the primary study is to examine essential oil Cymbopogon citratus Stapf from Cileles Jatinangor as an antioxidant agent. Essential oil of Cymbopogon citratus Stapf was isolated from 1272 g of dried stem by using Karlsruhe steam distillation methods with 0.24% in yield. The product of essential oil was also tested against antioxidant activity DPPH and resulted low activity compare to ascorbic acid and lemongrass oil standard as reference material.
Hypolipidemic effect of fruit fibers in rats fed with high dietary fat; The hypolipidemic effect of 10% fruit fibers in rats fed with high-fat diet (HFD) was evaluated. This study was conducted on a total of 50 male Albino rats divided into 10 equal groups fed with different types of dietary fruits. The feeding period lasted for 24 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected and sera separated and subjected to lipid profile assay and atherogenic index. In addition, total antioxidant activity of different fruits was determined. The results obtained showed that pomegranate had higher content of antioxidants followed by apple, strawberry and guava compared with other fruits. Rats fed with 20% coconut oil showed a highly significant elevation in the levels of serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and atherogenic factor while the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly decreased when compared with control rats. Histological examination revealed that there was a large lipid and cholesterol deposition in the livers of rats fed with HFD. The potential in lowering the levels of plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride is in the following order: pomegranate > apple > strawberry > guava > papaya > mandarin and orange. Accumulation of hepatic lipid droplets was diminished when compared with the HFD group. Also, antiatherogenic is better than the untreated groups. Accordingly these hypolipidemic effects may be due to high-fiber content and antioxidant activity of these fruits.
Dyslipidemia Among Newly Diagnosed Hypertensives: Pattern and Clinical Correlates; Background: Hypertension and dyslipidemia are closely interrelated. We aim to determine the prevalence of dyslipidemia among newly diagnosed Nigerian hypertensive subjects and its associated clinical correlates. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study done at the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, southwest Nigeria. One hundred sixty-three newly diagnosed hypertensive subjects and 88 controls were recruited and formed the study groups. Relevant history, examinations, and laboratory investigations were performed. Lipid parameters and atherogenic indices were determined. SPSS 16.0 was used for statistical analysis. Results: Hypertensive subjects and controls were well matched in age and gender distribution. Dyslipidemia was more common among the hypertensive subjects. Ninety-six (58.9%) newly diagnosed hypertensive subjects had at least 1 impaired lipid profile. Sixty-seven (41.1%) of them had isolated dyslipidemia, while 29(17.8%) had combined dyslipidemia. Common patterns of dyslipidemia include low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), 78 (47.9%)
Vitamin K intake and all-cause and cause specific mortality; Background & aims: Vitamin K has been associated with various health outcomes, including non-fatal cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and cancer. However, little is known about the association between vitamin K intake and all-cause and cause specific mortality. This study aims to investigate the association between vitamin K intake and all-cause and cause-specific mortality. Methods: This prospective cohort study included 33,289 participants from the EPIC-NL cohort, aged 20-70 years at baseline and recruited between 1993 and 1997. Dietary intake was assessed at baseline with a validated food frequency questionnaire and intakes of phylloquinone, and total, short chain and long chain menaquinones were calculated. Information on vital status and causes of death was obtained through linkage to several registries. The association between the different forms of vitamin K intake and mortality was assessed with Cox proportional hazards, adjusted for risk factors for chronic diseases and nutrient intake. Results: During a mean follow-up of 16.8 years, 2863 deaths occurred, including 625 from CVD (256 from coronary heart disease (CHD)), 1346 from cancer and 892 from other causes. After multivariable adjustment, phylloquinone and menaquinones were not associated with all-cause mortality with hazard ratios for the upper vs. the lowest quartile of intake of 1.04 (0.92
CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY OF EFFECTS OF DRINKING GREEN TEA ON CARDIOVASCULAR AND LIVER-DISEASES; Objective-To investigate the association between consumption of green tea and various serum markers in a Japanese population, with special reference to preventive effects of green tea against cardiovascular disease and disorders of the liver. Design-Cross sectional study. Setting-Yoshimi, Japan. Subjects-1371 men aged over 40 years resident in Yoshimi and surveyed on their living habits including daily consumption of green tea. Their peripheral blood samples were subjected to several biochemical assays. Results-Increased consumption of green tea was associated with decreased serum concentrations of total cholesterol (P for trend <0.001) and triglyceride (P for trend=0 . 02) and an increased proportion of high density lipoprotein cholesterol together with a decreased proportion of low and very low lipoprotein cholesterols (P for trend=0 . 02), which resulted in a decreased atherogenic index (P for trend=0.02). Moreover, increased consumption of green tea, especially more than 10 cups a day, was related to decreased concentrations of hepatological markers in serum, aspartate aminotransferase (P for trend=0 . 06), alanine transferase (P for trend=0 . 07), and ferritin (P for trend=0 . 02). Conclusion-The inverse association between consumption of green tea and various serum markers shows that green tea may act protectively against cardiovascular disease and disorders of the liver.
An aqueous extract of <i>Citrus mitis</i> possesses antioxidative properties and improves plasma lipid profiles in rat induced with high cholesterol diet; The in vitro antioxidant activity of Citrus mitis aqueous extract (CME) and its effects on antioxidative status and lipid profiles of rat fed with high cholesterol diet were examined. The in vitro antioxidant activity was assessed by 1,1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) and ferric-reducing antioxidant power (FRAP), while the total phenolic content was measured as gallic acid equivalent. The antioxidative status in the plasma was further assessed by thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) assay whereas plasma lipid profile was analysed spectrophotometrically. The result showed that both 5 and 10% extracts possessed antioxidant activities in concentration dependent manner in all tested methods which positively correlated with high phenolic content. The supplementation of 5 mg/kg of both 5 and 10% CME respectively reduced plasma total cholesterol (TCHOL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides (TG) levels concomitantly with an increased level of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in rat induced hypercholesterolemia (p < 0.05). The lipid parameters were comparable with statin. The atherogenic index (AI) and sdLDL values were found to be lower in CME-treated groups compared to the control (p < 0.05). Microsomal lipid peroxidation indicated with TBARS estimation was found to be lower in both CME-treated groups. The results obtained suggest that C. mitis aqueous extract possesses lipid lowering and antioxidative effect in hypercholesterolemic-induced model and could potentially be used as therapeutic regiment in managing hypercholesterolemia.
Atherogenic lipid profiles and its management in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; Cardiovascular morbidity and mortality are enhanced in rheumatoid arthritis, which might be due to an increased prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia. The dyslipidemia observed in RA appears to be dependent on disease activity, ie, a higher disease activity is associated with lower total cholesterol levels and even more depressed high density lipoprotein levels, leading to a higher (ie, unfavorable) atherogenic index. It appears that this dyslipidemia is already present long before the clinical onset of rheumatoid arthritis. Antirheumatic drug treatment with disease modifying antirheumatic drugs as well TNF-blocking agents has, in general, favorable, albeit moderate, effects on the lipid profile. Therefore, it is unlikely that the observed beneficial effects of antirheumatic drug treatment on cardiovascular morbidity and cardiovascular mortality in rheumatoid arthritis is mediated through effects on the lipid metabolism. Management of dyslipidemia in rheumatoid arthritis should be part of a general cardiovascular risk management. Hence, in addition to the assessment of the lipid profile, other cardiovascular risk factors should be determined and appropriate treatment installed when indicated. Lower treatment thresholds should be considered in view of the enhanced cardiovascular risk in rheumatoid arthritis and guidelines should be developed based on epidemiological data.
Naringin Ameliorates Atherogenic Dyslipidemia but not Hyperglycemia in Rats With Type 1 Diabetes; Antiatherogenic and hypoglycemic effects of naringin are hereby investigated in type 1 diabetes. Wistar rats (n = 6) were treated daily with 1.0 mL of water (group 1), naringin (50 mg/kg) (groups 2 and 3, respectively), regular insulin (4 U/kg, subcutaneously, twice daily) (group 4), and simvastatin (20 mg/kg) (group 6). Groups 3, 4, 5, and 6 exhibited polydipsia and hyperglycemia after injection with streptozotocin (60 mg/kg body weight). Insulin, but not naringin, significantly lowered fasting blood glucose levels in diabetic rats. Plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher in nontreated diabetic rats (group 5) compared with control (group 1), whereas total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly higher in naringin- and simvastatin-treated diabetic rats, respectively. Hepatic total cholesterol and triglycerides were significantly elevated in nontreated diabetic compared with the control, naringin-, insulin-, and simvastatin-treated diabetic rats, respectively. Hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl CoA reductase and Acyl-CoA: cholesterol acyltransferase activities were significantly elevated in nontreated diabetic compared with the control, naringin-, and simvastatin-treated diabetic rats, respectively. However, plasma low-density lipoprotein to high-density lipoprotein ratio was significantly higher in nontreated diabetic compared with the control, whereas naringin and simvastatin significantly reduced the ratio in diabetic rats. Naringin is not hypoglycemic but improves atherogenic index in type 1 diabetes.
Antioxidant Activity and Lipid-Lowering Effect of Essential Oils Extracted from <i>Ocimum sanctum</i> L. Leaves in Rats Fed with a High Cholesterol Diet; It has been reported that Ocimum sanctum L. (OS) leaves decrease serum lipid profile in normal and diabetic animals. No experimental evidences support the anti-hyperlipidemic and antioxidative actions against hypercholesterolemia. Moreover the identity of the specific chemical ingredients in OS leaves responsible for these pharmacological effects are unknown. Since OS leaves are rich in essential oil (EO). Therefore the present study was conducted to investigate the anti-hyperlipidemic and antioxidative activities of EO extracted from OS leaves in rats fed with high cholesterol (HC) diet. EO was extracted by the hydrodistillation method and the chemical constituents were then identified by Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry. The experiment was performed in Male Wistar rats fed with 2.5 g%(w/w) of cholesterol diet for seven weeks. During the last 3 weeks, rats were daily fed with EO. The results showed that phenyl propanoid compounds including eugenol and methyl eugenol were the major constituents of EO. EO suppressed the high serum lipid profile and atherogenic index as well as serum lactate dehydrogenase and creatine kinase MB subunit without significant effect on high serum levels of aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase and alkaline phosphatase in rats fed with HC diet. In addition, EO was found to decrease the high levels of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) without impacting catalase (CAT) in the cardiac tissue while in the liver, it decreased high level of TBARS without significantly effecting GPx, SOD and CAT. Histopathological results confirmed that EO preserved the myocardial tissue. It can be concluded that EO extracted from OS leaves has lipid-lowering and antioxidative effects that protect the heart against hypercholesterolemia. Eugenol that is contained in EO likely contribute to these pharmacological effects.
Association of Apolipoprotein E Polymorphism with Adipokines and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients; Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) polymorphism and adipokines are linked to atherosclerosis. We aimed to investigate the associations of apoE genotypes with adipokines, inflammatory parameters, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risks in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients. We enrolled 152 RA patients and 49 healthy control (HC) subjects. The apoE genotyping was determined by a polymerase chain reaction, while plasma levels of adipokines and inflammatory cytokines were measured with ELISA. Although apoE genotypes distributions were indistinguishable between RA patients and HC, we found significantly higher levels of apoE and adipokines in RA patients compared with HC. RA patients with epsilon 2 epsilon 3 genotype had lower levels of TNF-alpha, IL-6, resistin, and visfatin, but higher leptin levels compared with epsilon 3 epsilon 3 genotype patients. Patients with epsilon 3 epsilon 4 genotype had significantly higher low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels and atherogenic index scores compared with epsilon 2 epsilon 3 genotype carriers. Moreover, patients with epsilon 2 epsilon 3 genotype had significantly lower 10-year CVD risk than epsilon 3 epsilon 3 or epsilon 3 epsilon 4 genotype patients. epsilon 3 epsilon 4 genotype and adiponectin levels were independent predictors of a high 10-year CVD risk. RA patients with epsilon 2 epsilon 3 genotype are associated with lower levels of TNF-alpha, IL-6, resistin, visfatin, and CVD risk, while RA patients with epsilon 3 epsilon 4 genotype exhibited higher levels of LDL-C, insulin resistance, and higher CVD risks.
Antihyperlipidemic and Anti-obesity Effects of the Methanolic Extract of <i>Parijoto</i> (<i>Medinilla speciosa</i>); Parijoto (Medinilla speciosa) is an endemic plant in Indonesia that was generally consumed by pregnant women and used as diarrhea and cholesterol drugs. The parijoto fruits are purplish red, where it is indicated that parijoto fruits contain anthocyanins i.e., water-soluble pigments in the plant, was found in most fruits, petals, and leaves. Anthocyanins belonging to the flavonoids compound family have been suggested to reduce certain cancers, coronary heart diseases, oxidative stress and other age-related diseases. This study was aimed to determine the effects of methanolic extract of parijoto (M. speciosa) on triglycerides level and obesity in hyperlipidemic rats. A pre-test and posttest randomized control group design were used in this study. Rats were divided into five groups: normal rats, hyperlipidemic rats, hyperlipidemic rats were given the methanolic extract of parijoto (M. speciosa) 500 mg . kg(-1), 1 000 mg . kg(-1), and 1 500 mg . kg(-1) body weight. Blood was collected when rats are suffering from hyperlipidemia and after the 30 d treatment of methanolic extract of parijoto (M. speciosa). Rats were sacrificed after the 30 d treatment. The serum level of triglycerides was determined and the increase in body weight was measured weekly. Results showed that giving of methanolic extract of parijoto (M. speciosa) in hyperlipidemic rats reduced the triglycerides levels significantly (p < 0.01), the increase of body weight until 34 % and the adipose tissue in the peritoneum of hyperlipidemic rats.
"High in omega-3 fatty acids" bologna-type sausages stabilized with an aqueous-ethanol extract of <i>Melissa officinalis</i>; A new formulation of bologna-type sausage enriched in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (8.75% linseed oil) was developed, using a lyophilized aqueous-ethanolic extract of Melissa officinalis. A comparison with the effectiveness of butylhydroxy anisole (BHA) synthetic antioxidant to decrease the oxidation of PUFAs was performed. The formulation increased the omega-3 PUFAs content, especially alpha-linolenic acid, decreasing significantly the omega-6/omega-3 ratio from 17.3 to 1.9, and also the Atherogenic Index and Thrombogenic Index (0.38-0.31 and 1.03-0.54. respectively). Modified sausages with BHA and Melissa extract showed significantly lower peroxides value (2.62 and 6.11 meqO(2)/kg) and thiobarbituric acid value (0.26 and 0.27 mg malondialdehyde/kg) and higher antioxidant capacity (hydrophilic fraction ABTS: 0.45 and 0.74 meq Trolox/g product: lipofilic fraction ABTS: 0.44 and 0.37 meq Trolox/g product) than those without these ingredients (16.49 meq O-2/kg, 2.08 mg malondialdehyde /kg, 0.26 and 0.27 meq Trolox/g product, respectively). Sensorial tests showed that acceptability of the new formulations was similar to control products. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Decrease in serum dehydroepiandrosterone level after fenofibrate treatment in males with hyperlipidemia; The influence of steroid hormones on plasma lipids and lipoproteins was confirmed by many studies. On the other hand, the effect of plasma lipids on metabolism of steroid hormones has so far not been examined. The objective of this research project was to determine (1) the levels of cortisol, testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), its sulfate (DHEAS), 7-hydroxylated DHEA, and SHBG in men suffering from mixed hyperlipidemia (HPL) (n=23, age 46.1 +/- 7.9 years) in comparison with healthy male volunteers (n=17, age 45.1 +/- 15.6 years)
Triglycerides: a case for treatment?; Purpose of review To discuss the relevance of triglycerides to cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Recent findings Triglycerides are a commonly measured component of lipid profiles. Raised triglycerides are a component of the metabolic syndrome and are strongly associated with future risk of diabetes as well as cardiovascular disease. Triglyceride-rich particles form a component of cardiovascular risk above that delineated by low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. Elevated triglycerides are a marker of atherogenic small dense LDL, excess baseline and residual CVD risk even after statin therapy. Additional methods to lower triglycerides include niacin, fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids. Trials in monotherapy with both niacin and fibrates suggest some benefit in reducing CVD events based on evidence mostly derived from older studies. However, endpoint trials of adding either niacin or fenofibrate to statins have not shown any benefit, except possibly in patients with an increased atherogenic index (triglyceride : HDL-C ratio), or have been underpowered. Trials of omega-3 fatty acids have been performed at doses insufficient to affect lipid profiles in populations with inadequate control of LDL-C but did reduce CVD events. Summary Further trials of lipid-lowering agents beyond statins will be required in patients with LDL-C adequately controlled on statin therapy.
Endogenous sex hormones and risk factors for atherosclerosis in healthy Greek postmenopausal women; Objective: To assess the association between endogenous sex hormones and risk factors for atherosclerosis in healthy postmenopausal women. Design: Cross-sectional study in a university menopause clinic. Methods: Serum sex hormones and lipid-lipoprotein profile, arterial pressure. homocysteine and insulin resistance. measured by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). were assessed in 598 healthy postmenopausal women not on hormone therapy Results: Compared with women in the lowest testosterone quartile (Q), women in the highest testosterone quartile had higher total cholesterol (Q1: 225.2 +/- 41.3 vs Q4: 246.2 +/- 38.4mg/dl, P < 0.01), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (Q1: 146.9 +/- 37.2 vs Q4: 171.8 +/- 35.3mg/dl. P < 0.001), atherogeniciiidexofplasiiia (AIP) (Q1:-0.224 +/- 0.238 vs Q4:-0.087 +/- 0,254, P < 0.01). apolipoprotein B (ApoB) (Q1:100.7 +/- 23.1 vs Q4: 113.9 +/- 23.8 mg/dl. P < 0.001) and higher high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Q1: 60.7 +/- 14.5 vs Q4: 52.9 +/- 13.0mg/dl. P < 0.01). Accordingly. women in the highest free androgen index (FAI) quartile had higher AIP (Q1: 0.232 +/- 0.254 vs Q4: -0.078 +/- 0.243. P < 0.001) and ApoB (Q1: 102.4 +/- 25.5 vs Q4: 114.2 +/- 25.8mg/dl. P < 0.01) and lower HDL-cholesterol (Q1: 62.0 +/- 15.7 vs Q4: 51.9 +/- 11.6mg/dl, P < 0.001) and apolipoprotein A (Q1: 159.6 +/- 25.6 vs Q4: 147.9 +/- 24.1 mg/dl. P < 0.01) compared with women in the lowest FAI quartile. These differences remained significant after adjustment for age. body mass index (BMI). insulin resistance and social habits. The free estrogen index (FEI) exhibited similar associations to the FAI. HOMA-IR showed an independent positive association with total testosterone (Q1: 2.00 +/- 1.36 vs Q4: 2.66 +/- 1.60, 11 < 0.01). FAI (Q1: 1.70 +/- 1.12 vs Q4: 3.04 +/- 1.66, P < 0.001) and FEI (Q1: 1.70 +/- 0.91 vs Q4: 3.08 +/- 1.77. P < 0.001). Conclusions: increased androgenicity in healthy postmenopausal women is associated with an unfavorable cardiovascular risk profile. High endogenous estradiol is related to a pro-atherogenic lipid profile, an association which may. in part. be mediated by insulin resistance.
Dietary evaluation of Mediterranean fish and molluscs pan-fried in virgin olive oil; The effect of domestic pan-frying in virgin olive oil (VOO) on the proximate composition, energy content, cholesterol, squalene and fatty acids in the edible portion of six species of finfish, common squid and mussels just caught from several regions of the Aegean Sea (Mediterranean Sea) was investigated. The species selected are traditionally consumed pan-fried in VOO by the Greeks. On a fresh weight basis, pan-frying caused significant water loss and increase of total fat, crude protein and energy content. The amount of VOO absorbed during frying ranged from 4.5 to 14.2% of fresh matter, showing a non-linear negative correlation with initial fat, fish length and fish weight. Cholesterol content increased from 25 to 106 mg 100 g(-1) fresh weight (fw) to 33-130 mg 100 g(-1) fw after frying. VOO absorbed during frying resulted in a 20-78 times increase of squalene content and in significant alteration of fatty acid composition, the major change being the increase of monounsaturated fatty acids which became predominant in all fried samples. The intakes of fat and major fatty acid classes by consuming the pan-fried seafood were comparable with the respective average Greek values. Frying in VOO resulted in a two to three times decrease of the atherogenic index and a slightly less decrease of the thrombogenic index. Both indices remained lower than 0.45 in all fried samples. The cholesterol-saturated fat index and the cholesterol index increased up to twice after frying, ranging between 3.4-9.9 and 2.9-9.3, respectively. From the results obtained it is concluded that fish and shellfish pan-fried in VOO present a healthy lipid profile in terms of the n-6/n-3 ratio, major fatty acid classes and total fat content. (C) 2004 Society of Chemical Industry.
Activity of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) and its relation hit markers of lipoprotein oxidation in healthy Slovaks; Low-density lipoproteins (LDLs), when modified by free radicals derived from artery wall cells, induce atherosclerosis. In contrast to oxidized LDL (ox-LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDLs) are able to prevent atherosclerosis through a protein with antioxidant properties, paraoxonase 1 (PON1). The purpose of this study was to explore the association between the activity of HDL-associated PON1 and circulating ox-LDL as well as to investigate the relationship between ox-LDL and parameters of lipid profile in thirty Slovaks aged 21-73 years because recent studies have presented controversial results concerning PON1 and its role in LDL oxidation. For determination of circulating ox-LDL sandwich ELISA was used and other lipid parameters were determined by routine laboratory analyses. PON1 activities were assayed by two synthetic substrates - paraoxon and phenyl acetate. Lipid peroxides were determined spectrophotometrically. Of the lipid parameters examined, ox-LDL level correlated positively with total W < 0.0001) and LDL-cholesterol W < 0.001). Triacylglycerols (TAG) (P < 0.001), lipid peroxides (P < 0.01) and atherogenic index (AI = total cholesterol/HDL) (P < 0.0001) were also strongly correlated with ox-LDL. No inverse relationships were observed between ox-LDL and HDL-cholesterol or arylesterase/paraoxonase activities of PON1. Furthermore, it was found that ox-LDL (P < 0.01) and lipid peroxides (P < 0.05) were significantly higher in men than in women. PON1 arylesterase activity was marginally affected by sex. The results of this study suggest that the anti-atherogenic properties of HDLs are not directly related to their total concentration and that PON1 activity determined towards synthetic compounds (paraoxon and phenyl acetate) reflects no association with markers of oxidative stress. Furthermore, it follows from our results that men are more susceptible to developing atherosclerosis compared to women.
Positive association of adiponectin with soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule sVCAM-1 levels in patients with vascular disease or dyslipidernia; The aim of our study was to evaluate the relationship of adiponectin to soluble forms of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) in patients with cardiovascular disease or dyslipidemia. Two hundred and sixty-four patients (134 men/ 130 women, mean age 43.8 +/- 14.8/46.0 +/- 14.9 years) of Lipid Center, University Hospital Olomouc, off hypolipidemic therapy for at least 6 weeks, participated in the study. In multiple regression analysis, adiponectin was independently positively associated with serum HDL-cholesterol (p < 0.0001) and sVCAM-1 (p < 0.000 1), female gender (p < 0.0001) and negatively with hs-CRP (p = 0.0 14). Serum concentration of adiponectin and sICAM-1 did not correlate but sICAM-1 was independently, positively associated with sVCAM-1 (p < 0.0001) and negatively with markers of insulin resistance and inflammation, namely atherogenic index log [triglyceri des[HDL-cholesterol] (p < 0.000 1), hs-CRP (p < 0.00 1) and HOMA (p < 0.05). Positive association of adiponectin with HDL-C and negative association with hs-CRP indicate anti-atherogenic properties of adiponectin. The finding of the positive association of adiponectin with sVCAM-1 in patients at risk is unexpected. We hypothesize that adiponectin may be involved (directly or indirectly) in shedding of ectodomains of VCAM-1 from endothelial surface and in this way down-regulates their effects. This process may be protective in the initial stages of atherosclerosis. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hypolipidemic effects of <i>Sophora flaveseens</i> and its constituents in poloxamer 407-induced hyperlipidemic and cholesterol-fed rats; In this study, we investigated the hypolipidemic effects of Sophora flavescens in poloxamer 407-induced hyperlipidemic and cholesterol-fed rats. The MeOH extract and 4 fractions of S. flavescens were administered at doses of 250 and 100 mg/kg body weight, respectively, once a day for 3 d to the poloxamer 407-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Serum lipid levels such as total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) were markedly elevated in the poloxamer 407-induced hyperlipidemic control rats, while lipid levels were significantly decreased in the rats administered the MeOH extract or 4 fractions of S. flavescens. In addition, serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) was reduced in the poloxamer 407-induced hyperlipidemic control rats. However, oral administration of both the McOH extract and 4 fractions significantly increased HDL-C levels. Of the tested fractions, the EtOAc fraction showed the strongest lipid-lowering effect, as well as a high antiatherogenic potential with atherogenic index (A.I.) values of less than 1.92. We also investigated the hypolipidemic effects of the main compounds of the EtOAc fraction, kurarinol and kuraridinol, using the hyperlipidemic and hypercholesterolemic animal models. Here, elevated TC, TG, and LDL-C levels in the poloxamer 407-induced hyperlipidemic and cholesterol-fed rats were significantly reduced after oral administration of the compounds, and HDL-C levels had a significant increase. Furthermore, A.I. values were lowered by administering kurarinol and kuraridinol. In particular, kuraridinol exhibited stronger protective activities against hyperlipidemia than kurarinol. These results suggest that S.flavescens and its constituents may be effective cholesterol-lowering agents and useful for preventing hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis.
Long-term improvement of lipid profile in patients with refractory systemic lupus erythematosus treated with B-cell depletion therapy: a retrospective observational study; Objective. Lipid abnormalities contribute to the increased risk of premature atherosclerosis in patients with SLE. This study was undertaken to investigate changes in lipid profile after B-cell depletion therapy (BCDT) in patients with active SLE who had failed standard immunosuppressive therapy. Methods. Twelve patients with refractory SLE treated with BCDT based on rituximab (two biweekly infusions of 1 g) were examined. Lipid profile and lupus activity were measured before the infusions and 1 year later. The control group consisted of 26 age-and sex-matched lupus patients not treated with BCDT. Results. In the study group, the mean levels of total, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterols were 4.6, 1.4 and 2.4 mmol/l at baseline and changed to 4.1, 1.6 and 2.0 mmol/l (P = NS, P = 0.04 and P = NS) at 1 year, respectively. The atherogenic index was 3.8 at baseline and decreased to 2.7 (P = 0.02). The triglyceride (TG) level was 2.1 mmol/l at baseline and decreased to 1.3 mmol/l (P = 0.04). BCDT was followed by a significant decrease in global BILAG scores and a drop in the mean dose of prednisolone at 1 year (P = 0.01). Reduction in disease activity was significantly associated with a reduction in total cholesterol and TG levels and an increase in HDL cholesterol levels. In the control group, there were no differences in any of the lipid determinations over a 1-year period. Conclusion. This provisional observational study suggests a favourable long-term effect of BCDT on the lipid profile of patients with refractory SLE, which correlated with decreasing activity of the disease.
<i>Millettia macrophylla</i> (Fabaceae) phenolic fraction prevents differentiation of 3T3-L1 adipocytes and the increased risks of cardiovascular diseases in ovariectomized rats; Ethnophannacological relevance: A prolonged estrogen deficiency alters lipid metabolism and increases risks of cardiovascular diseases. Phytoestrogens, naturally occurring compounds with estrogenic properties are reported to have cardiovascular protective effects. Millettia macrophylla used in the Cameroonian traditional system to treat physiological disorders related to menopause, was previously reported to have estrogenic effects. Aim: We, therefore, proposed evaluating the in vitro and in vivo effects of M. macrophylla phenolic fraction on some risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Material and methods: In vitro, the ability of the M. macrophylla phenolic fraction (PF) as well as the 9 isolates to prevent the 3T3-L1 preadipocytes differentiation was assessed. Further, the preventive effects of PF on abdominal fat accumulation, body weight gain, lipid profile, nitric oxide level, superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase activities, reduced glutathione (GSH) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels were assessed in a postmenopausal rat model. Results: In vitro, PF and its isolate secundiferol I inhibited lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 cells. Moreover, all the isolates except daidzein dimethylether prevented the interleukin IL-6 production in 3T3-L1 cells. In vivo, PF prevented ovariectomy-induced abdominal fat accumulation, body weight gain, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance and decreased atherogenic index. In addition, it induced a vasorelaxant effect by preventing the low level of nitric oxide in the aorta. PF also exhibited antioxidant effects as it increased aorta GSH level, SOD, and catalase activities and decreased MDA level. Conclusions: Taken together, our data suggest that PF prevents the increased risks of cardiovascular diseases in ovariectomized rats.
PRAVASTATIN IN THE TREATMENT OF PRIMARY HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA - A SWISS MULTICENTER STUDY; Conventional lipid-lowering agents displayed only limited efficacy in lowering total and LDL cholesterol and a high incidence of side effects. Pravastatin is a new potent cholesterol-lowering agent, which selectively inhibits hepatic HMG-CoA-reductase. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled Swiss multicenter study with determination of lipids and lipoprotein in a central laboratory, the efficacy and safety of 6 months' therapy with pravastatin was evaluated in 50 patients with mild hypercholesterolemia and additional coronary risk factors. Compared to baseline and after 26 weeks' therapy, pravastatin significantly reduced total cholesterol (pravastatin vs placebo, -17% vs +7%, p<0.0001) and LDL cholesterol (-26 vs +2%, p<0.0001). The total/HDL cholesterol ratio (= ''atherogenic index'') was comparable in the two groups at baseline (5.9+/-1.1 vs 6.3+/-0.9), and was distinctly lowered by pravastatin but not placebo (-20 vs 0%, p<0.0001). In 11 patients in whom the reduction of serum total cholesterol after 13 weeks' treatment with 20 mg pravastatin was still below target (on average -9.1%), doubling of the dose produced a further decrease of 4.3%. Serum HDL cholesterol and serum triglyceride levels did not change significantly during pravastatin treatment as compared to baseline and placebo. Pravastatin was well tolerated during the 26 weeks without relevant subjective side-effects. There were 5 dropouts during the study, 2 patients in the pravastatin group and 3 in the placebo group. These findings document that pravastatin, adminstered in a single daily dose of 20 to 40 mg, effectively lowers serum cholesterol and total-/HDL-cholesterol improving action and is well tolerated.
Biodiesel Synthesis from Used Cooking Oil Using Calcium Oxide (CaO) Catalyst from Chicken Bones; Biodiesel is an alternative fuel derived from plant oil, animal fat or used oil through esterification with alcohol where it can be used without modifying the engine of a diesel machine. Used cooking oil is categorized as a waste that pollutes the environment, which can be the cause of some diseases such as cancer, coronary heart disease, stroke, and also hypertention. Calcium oxide (CaO) is an alkali metal oxide that can be used as a heterogeneous catalyst in biodiesel synthesis, its raw materials can be sourced from waste material such as chicken bones. The conversion of calcium to CaO is conducted through thermal decomposition of calcium carbonate (CaCO3) from chicken bones heated at a high temperature. This study utilizes used cooking oil as the raw material and CaO as the catalyst. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of the amount of catalyst in the biodiesel synthesis from used cooking oil and also the effect of temperature variation on chicken bone heating as the material of the catalyst. This study was carried out by transesterification and calcination procedures with temperature variations of 700, 750, 800, 850 and 900 degrees C, as well as the variations in the amount of CaO as the catalyst of 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 % wt. This study shows that the most favorable calcination temperature for the chicken bones is at 750 degrees C and the percentage of CaO as the catalyst is 2%.
Effect on Cardiovascular Risk of an Intervention by Family Physicians to Promote Physical Exercise Among Sedentary Individuals; Introduction and objectives. To evaluate the effect of a program promoting physical activity (PEPAF) implemented by family physicians on cardiovascular risk reduction. Methods. The cluster randomized clinical trial involved 56 family physicians randomly allocated to an intervention group (n=29) and a control group (n=27). Of the patients recruited, only those aged 30-74 years (1915 PEPAF and 1783 control) were included in the analysis. The intervention involved giving general advice about the benefits of physical activity to all patients and prescribed advice to a subgroup of patients (30%) who agreed to an additional consultation. Outcome measures included risk factors and cardiovascular risk assessed using the Framingham-D'Agostino scale. Results. A significant decrease from baseline in systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse pressure was observed after 12 months in both groups (control group: -2.93 mmHg, -1.81 mmHg and -1.15 mmHg, respectively
Evidence for a protective (synergistic?) effect of B-vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases; The results of dietary intervention trials favor the hypothesis that higher intakes of B-vitamins (folate, vitamin B-6 and B-12), and subsequently lower total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations, are causally associated with a decreased risk of vascular disease in patients with cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The same is true for a higher intake of omega-3 fish fatty acids. Yet, the lack of hard end points and/or appropriate study designs precludes a definitive conclusion about causality. In the future, intervention trials with hard end points and randomized double-blind placebo-controlled designs should be able to elucidate the causality problem. There are several pathways by which B-vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids may exert their protective effect on CVD, a common pathway is a beneficial effect on the endothelial function and hemostasis. With respect to synergy between B-vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids, there is no evidence that fish oils have a tHcy-lowering effect beyond the effect of the B-vitamins. Nevertheless, animal studies clearly illustrate that vitamin B-6- as well as folate-metabolism are linked with those of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids. Furthermore, a human study indicated synergistic effects of folic acid (synthetic form of folate) and vitamin B-6 together with omega-3 fatty acids on the atherogenic index and the fibrinogen concentration. Although these results are promising, they were produced in very small selective study populations. Thus, confirmation in large well-designed intervention trials is warranted.
The Role of Polysaccharide Peptides of Miselia Ganoderma Lucidum Extracts on IL-1, IL-6, HSCRP and No in Dislipidemic Patients With or Without Hypertension in STEMI and NSTEMI Patients; Individuals with metabolic syndrome have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease such as coronary heart disease. With the occurrence of a metabolic syndrome consisting of dyslipidemia, hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus, inflammation of the endothelial wall activates proinflammatory molecules such as IL-1, IL-6 and hsCRP and decreases the production of nitric oxide which causes atherosclerosis. The purpose of this study was to determine and prove the effect of giving PsP (Polysaccharide Peptide) from mycelia extract as an anti-inflammatory in patients with ST-myocardial infarction (STEMI) and non-ST elevation of myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). This study was true experimental using a randomized controvert perspective method with pre-test and post-test design, to determine the effect of giving Peptide Polysaccharide from mycelia Extract for secondary prevention and reducing morbidity in STEMI patients. A sample of 46 participants was obtained. The results of the analysis with the paired t-test showed that Polysaccharide Peptides from the extract of Ganoderma Lucidum mycelia could act as anti-inflammatory so as to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction by decreasing IL-1, IL-6 and CRP hs (p-value 0.018, 0.300 and 0.026) and increase NO (p-value 0.014) in patients with comorbid dyslipidemia and decreased levels of IL-1, IL6 and hsCRP (p-value 0.094, 0.928, and 0.014) and increase in NO (p-value 0.095) in patients with dyslipidemia and hypertension.
Lipid-lowering Effect of Hydroalcoholic Extracts of <i>Gynura procumbens</i> in Chemical- and High-fat Diet-induced Hyperlipidemic Rats; Objective: The present study was carried out to investigate lipid-lowering effect of hydroalcoholic extracts of Gynura procumbens in chemical- and high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemic rats. Materials and Methods: The lipid-lowering effect of hydroalcoholic extracts was investigated in poloxamer-407 (P-407)-induced acute hyperlipidemic rat model. The most active extract was subjected to phytochemical analysis by high-performance liquid chromatography-ultraviolet (HPLC-UV) using phenolic acids as marker compounds and evaluated in HFD-induced chronic hyperlipidemic rats. Results: The evaluation on hydroalcoholic extracts of G. procumbens showed that 95% ethanolic extract (95EEGP) was the most potent extract that significantly reduced serum total cholesterol (TC, P < 0.05) and triglycerides (TG, P < 0.001) levels. The 95EEGP contained 7.18, 3.20, 28.31, and 9.72 mglg dried extract of chlorogenic acid (CA), 3,4-dicaffeoylquinic acid (3,4DC), 3,5DC, and 4,5DC, respectively. The extract at doses of 200 and 500 mg/kg significantly reduced serumTC,TG, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), and atherogenic index (A. I.) levels of the P-407-induced hyperlipidemic rats, in a dose-dependent manner (P < 0.01 or better) but had no effect on high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C). On HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rats, the 95EEGP at doses of 250, 500, and 1000 mg/kg significantly reduced the serum TC, TG, LDL-C, and A. I. levels (P < 0.05 or better) while increased serum HDL-C (P < 0.001). The effect was dose-dependent showing comparable effect to that of atorvastatin at moderate and high doses. Conclusion: The present study demonstrated the lipid-lowering potential of the 95EEGP of G. procumbens in chemical- and HFD-induced hyperlipidemic rat models. Further investigations are warranted to elucidate its mechanism of its lipid-lowering action.
Lipids in Atherosclerosis: Pathophysiology and the Role of Calculated Lipid Indices in Assessing Cardiovascular Risk in Patients with Hyperlipidemia; The role of lipids is essential in any phase of the atherosclerotic process, which is considered a chronic lipid-related and inflammatory condition. The traditional lipid profile (including the evaluation of total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein, and low-density lipoprotein) is a well-established tool to assess the risk of atherosclerosis and as such has been widely used as a pillar of cardiovascular disease prevention and as a target of pharmacological treatments in clinical practice over the last decades. However, other non-traditional lipids have emerged as possible alternative predictors of cardiometabolic risk in addition to traditional single or panel lipids, as they better reflect the overall interaction between lipid/lipoprotein fractions. Therefore, this review deals with the lipid involvement characterizing the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis, discussing some recently proposed non-traditional lipid indices and, in the light of available knowledge, their actual potential as new additive tools to better stratify cardiovascular risk in patients with hyperlipidemia as well as possible therapeutic targets in the clinical practice.
Pairing 3D-Printing with Nanotechnology to Manage Metabolic Syndrome; Introduction: This work was aimed to develop a Curcuma oil-based self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery system (SNEDDS) 3D-printed polypills containing glimepiride (GMD) and rosuvastatin (RSV) for treatment of dyslipidemia in patients with diabetes as a model for metabolic syndrome (MS). Methods: Compartmentalized 3D printed polypills were prepared and studied in streptozotocin/poloxamer induced diabetic/dyslipidemic rats. The pharmacokinetic parameters of GMD and RSV in the prepared polypills were evaluated. Blood glucose level, lipid profile, antioxidant, and biochemical markers activities were investigated. Also, histopathological examination of the liver and pancreas was carried out. The atherosclerotic index, the area of islets of Langerhans, and liver steatosis lesion scores were calculated. Results: The developed SNEDDS-loaded GMD/RSV polypills showed acceptable quality control characteristics with a high relative bioavailability of 217.16% and 224.28% for GMD and RSV, respectively, when compared with the corresponding non-SNEDDS pills. The prepared polypills showed dramatic lowering in blood glucose levels and substantial improvement in lipid profile and hepatic serum biomarkers as well as remarkable decrease in serum antioxidants in response to Poloxamer 407 intoxication. The prepared polypills decreased the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary disease by boosting the level of high-density lipoprotein and lowering both triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein. Microscopic examination showed normal hepatic sinusoids and high protection level with less detectable steatosis in the examined hepatocytes. Normal size pancreatic islets with apparently normal exocrine acini and pancreatic duct were also noticed. Conclusion: This formulation strategy clearly shows the potential of the developed polypills in personalized medicine for treatment of patients with MS.
Risk of cardiovascular disease is suppressed by dietary supplementation with protamine and chitooligosaccharide in Sprague-Dawley rats; Protamine from salmon spermaries is a novel dietary protein. Chitooligosaccharide (COS) is an oligosaccharide derived from chitin or chitosan, a long-chain polymer, by chemical or enzymatic hydrolysis. These two compounds are known to enhance lipid metabolism by interrupting the digestion and absorption of fat in the body. Cardiovascular disease (CV D) refers to any type of specific disease that affects the heart and circulatory system. Dyslipidemia, a condition involving high levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and low levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, is generally known to be a primary cause of CV D development. The risk of CVD is usually associated with the atherogenic index (AI) and cardiac risk factor (CRF). The CV D risk is also closely associated with serum levels of total cholesterol (T-CHO), LDL cholesterol and HDL cholesterol. In the present study, we evaluated alterations in scrum lipid contents following the administration of protamine, COS and mixtures of these two compounds to male Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats, and their ability to reduce CVD risk. Based on the results of a serum lipid assay, protamine, COS and their mixtures were found to significantly reduce AI, CRF and CVD risk by decreasing serum levels of TG, T-CHO and LDL cholesterol and increasing serum HDL cholesterol levels. By contrast, TG and T-CHO concentrations in feces were markedly increased. Accumulation of lipids in the liver tissues of the SD rats fed high-fat diets was also inhibited by the intake of protamine and COS. Our findings suggest that protamine, COS and combinations of the two compounds may be used as a dietary therapy for preventing CV D due to their suppressive effects on hyperlipidemia and hypercholesterolemia.
The relationship between serum selenium levels and lipid profiles in adult women; Low selenium status draws much attention because of the possible involvement in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Hyperlipidmia or dyslipidemia, a very important risk factor for CVD, occurs frequently in middle-aged Koreans. While selenium deficiency is supposed to aggravate blood lipid profiles, it has been shown that selenium status diminishes with advanced age. However, little is known about the selenium status of Koreans, its age-related change, and its relationship to blood lipid levels. In this study the serum selenium level of females according to age and its association with blood lipid profiles were examined. Serum selenium concentration was determined by the instrumental neutron activation analysis method (INAA) using the HANARO research reactor. The overall proportion of women having selenium deficiency, with less than 80.0 mug/L of the selenium concentrations in the serum, was 18.3%. The serum selenium levels in the young-adult, middle-aged and elderly groups were 120.6 mug/L, 97.2 mug/L, and 90.8 mug/L, respectively. Biochemical indices derived from serum selenium levels showed that subjects with the lowest tertile of selenium concentration had significantly higher atherogenic index and lower HDL-cholesterol levels compared to those with the highest tertile. However, only the serum HDL-cholesterol level showed the dependency on the selenium status as determined by stepwise analysis in the subjects below the age of 40. It was noted that in the subjects over the age of 40 (pooled middle-aged and elderly), any dependency of serum lipid profiles on the selenium status was not observed. The results of this study indicated that there is a decreasing tendency of selenium levels with age and that selenium status is associated with blood lipid levels only in young-adult females.
HDL protein composition alters from proatherogenic into less atherogenic and proinflammatory in rheumatoid arthritis patients responding to rituximab; Objective An atherogenic lipid profile is an established risk factor for cardiovascular (CV) diseases. Interestingly, high inflammatory states as present in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) are associated with unfavourable lipid profile. Data about effects of novel immunomodulating agents as rituximab (RTX) on lipid profile are limited. Therefore, changes in lipids in RTX treated RA patients were evaluated. Methods In 49 consecutive RTX treated RA patients, serum and EDTA plasma samples were collected at baseline, 1, 3 and 6 months. In these samples, lipid and levels were assessed to determine changes in time. Surface-enhanced laser desorption/ionisation time-off-light (SELDI-TOF) MS analysis was performed in six good and six non-responding RA patients to study functional high density lipoprotein (HDL) protein composition changes in time. Results In the total group (n=49), the atherogenic index decreased from 4.3 to 3.9 (similar to 9%) after 6 months. Testing for effect modification revealed a difference in the effect on lipid levels between responders and non-responders upon RTX (p<0.001). ApoB to ApoA-I ratios decreased significantly (similar to 9%) in good responding (n=32) patients. SELDI-TOF MS analysis revealed a significant decrease in density of mass charge (m/z) marker 11743, representing a decrease in serum amyloid A, in good responding patients. Conclusion This study indicates beneficial effects on cholesterol profile upon RTX treatment along with improvement of disease activity. Proteomic analysis of the HDL particle reveals composition changes from proatherogenic to a less proatherogenic composition during 6 months RTX treatment. Whether these HDL particle alterations during immunotherapies result in a lower CV event rate remains to be established.
Combined Supplementation with Grape Pomace and Omija Fruit Ethanol Extracts Dose-Dependently Improves Body Composition, Plasma Lipid Profiles, Inflammatory Status, and Antioxidant Capacity in Overweight and Obese Subjects; The aim of this study was to examine the efficacy of combined grape pomace and omija fruit ethanol extracts (GO) on metabolic disorders in overweight or obese subjects. Seventy-six subjects (30-70 years, body mass index 23.0kg/m(2)) were divided into control (starch, 4g/day, n=24), low-GO (low dose GO, grape pomace extract [342.5mg/day] + omija fruit extract [57.5mg/day], n=26), and high-GO (high dose GO, grape pomace extract [685mg/day] + omija fruit extract [115mg/day], n=26) groups. Body composition, nutrient intake, plasma lipid profiles, inflammation, antioxidant capacity, and hepatotoxicity markers were assessed in all subjects at the baseline and 10 weeks after taking the supplements. The body weight and body fat of overweight or obese subjects was not significantly altered in the low-GO and high-GO groups. However, the high-GO supplement significantly decreased the baseline-adjusted final plasma total-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, and non-high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels and increased the baseline-adjusted final plasma apolipoprotein (apo) A-1 level compared with that of the control group. In addition, the high-GO supplement significantly lowered apo B, apo B/apo A-1, lipoprotein a (Lp[a]), atherogenic index, interleukin (IL)-1, tumor necrosis factor-, and elevated erythrocyte antioxidant capacity compared with the control group or the baseline levels. The low-GO supplement decreased the plasma IL-1 level and elevated erythrocyte superoxide dismutase activity compared with that at baseline. However, in general, high-GO exerted a greater effect than low-GO. There were no significant differences in activities of plasma glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase and glutamate pyruvate transaminase between the groups. This study is a preliminary clinical study to verify that GO could be beneficial for amelioration of obesity-related dyslipidemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress without side effect in the overweight or obese subjects.
Effects of Atorvastatin on LDL sub-fractions and peroxidation in type 1 diabetic patients: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background Patients with diabetes have an increased risk of both developing and dying from cardiovascular disease, and, currently, more aggressive lipid-lowering targets are being recommended for these patients. Statins are widely and successfully used to correct dyslipidemia and prevent acute coronary episodes, but their effects on lipoprotein composition and peroxidation have not been fully investigated. We aimed to address this issue in type 1 diabetes mellitus. Methods T1DM patients with atherogenic index (total/HDL-cholesterol > 4) were randomised double-blindly to group A (n = 12) that received Atorvastatin 40 mg/day and group P (n = 12) that received placebo. They were monitored for blood biochemistry, LDL sub-fractions and lipid peroxidation at inclusion, after 6 and after 12 weeks. Results In group A, the 40% decrease in serum total and LDL cholesterol and 20% decrease in triglycerides was accompanied by a decrease in serum alpha-tocopherol from 46.4 +/- 16.3 (mean +/- SD) at inclusion to 32.2 +/- 11.8 and 32.6 +/- 14.0 mumol/L after 6 and 12 weeks respectively (p < 0.001 compared to group P by repeated-measures ANOVA). Relative to LDL + VLDL cholesterol, alpha-tocopherol increased by 40% (p < 0.001). Copper-induced LDL + VLDL peroxidation increased from 4891 1325 at inclusion to 6821 2291 and 7040 +/- 1712 nmol TBARS/mg LDL + VLDL cholesterol produced in 3 h (p = 0.004). LDL sub-fractions shifted towards the less dense regions (p = 0.03). Conclusions These results suggest that Atorvastatin lowers the antioxidant capacity of LDL and VLDL in T1DM. The mechanisms underlying these changes merit further investigation and should be taken into account when planning long-term primary prevention of CHD in diabetes. Copyright (C) 2003 John Wiley Sons, Ltd.
Effect of Combination Therapy of Fatty Acids, Calcium, Vitamin D and Boron with Regular Physical Activity on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Rat; The effect of consumption of fatty acids and selected nutrients, along with regular physical activity, on cardiovascular risk factors in rats was investigated. Male rats were divided into the seven groups: Group 1: regular food and drinking water, Group 2: same as Group. 1 + physical activity (whole body vibration
Markers of increased atherosclerotic risk in patients with chronic kidney disease: a preliminary study; Background: The prevalence of chronic kidney disease is rising continuously. Cardiovascular disease is among leading causes of death and premature mortality of patients with chronic kidney disease. Even the earliest stages of chronic kidney disease are associated with higher risk of subsequent coronary heart disease. The aim of this study was to determine markers of increased risk of atherosclerosis in CKD. Methods: The study group consisted of a total of 80 patients (20 patients with stage I/II CKD, 20 with stage III CKD, 20 stage IV CKD and 20 stage V/dialysis) and 24 healthy volunteers. Levels of proteins (osteoprotegerin, osteopontin, osteocalcin, matrix gamma-carboxyglutamic acid protein, fetuin A, MMP-2, MMP-9, TIMP-1, TIMP-2) and biochemical parameters were measured to analyse their influence on atherosclerosis risk in CKD patients. Cardiac echocardiography was performed to assess structural integrity and function, presence of left ventricular hypertrophy and systolic and diastolic function dysfunction. Results: This study shows that the prevalence of ventricular hypertrophy (95.3 %) and diastolic dysfunction (93.2 %) in CKD patients is high. Also E/E' ratio was significantly higher (13.6 +/- 4.4, p = 0.001), tricuspid insufficiency (27.3 in CKD I/II vs. 71.4 in CKD V, p = 0.016), contractile dysfunction (33.3 in CKD I/II vs. 78.9 in CKD V, p = 0.040), mitral valve calcification (0 in CKD I/II vs. 28.6 in CKD V, p = 0.044) and aortic valve calcification (0 in CKD I/II vs. 61.9 in CKD V, p = 0.0008) were significantly more frequent in patients with CKD stage V/dialysis than in other groups. Only MMP-2, MMP-2/TIMP-2 ratio and TIMP-1 differed significantly between groups. Conclusions: This study shows high prevalence of ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction in CKD patients. Contractile dysfunction, mitral and aortic valve calcification in HD patients were significantly more frequent than in patients with other CKD stages. Significantly increased levels of MMP-2, MMP-2/TIMP-2 ratio and lower TIMP-1 suggests that these factors may be involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in CKD patients.
Serum lipid levels in a representative sample of adult individuals from Catalonia, Spain; BACKGROUND: The leading cause of mortality in Spain are cardiovascular diseases. Their prevention largely depends on the control of hypercholesterolemia. The aim of this study is to describe the serum concentration of total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol (HDLc), LDL-cholesterol (LDLc) and tryglicerides in the population of Catalonia (Spain). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We obtained a representative sample of the catalan population 18-75 years-old in 1993. The concentrations of HDLc was analyzed after precipitation, the concentration of TC and tryglicerides was obtained by enzimatic methods, and the concentration of LDLc was calculated using the Friedewald formula. RESULTS: We obtained a sample of 487 women and 393 men (participation rate: 38%). The mean concentrations of TC, LDLc, HDLc and tryglicerides was, respectively, of 203.9 mg/dl (SD = 39.7 mg/dl) (5.24 mmol/l, SD = 1.02 mmol/l), 127.5 mg/dl (SD = 35.9 mg/dl) (3.28 mmol/l, SD = 0.92 mmol/l), 55.8 mg/dl (SD = 14.0 mg/dl) (1.45 mmol/l, SD = 0.36 mmol/l) and 103.9 mg/dl (SD = 75.4 mg/dl) (1.15 mmol/l, SD = 0.84 mmol/l). Nineteen percent of the sample had a concentration of TC > 240 mg/dl (6.42 mmol/l), 3.0% a concentration of HDLc < 35 mg/dl (0.91 mmol/l), 17.2% a concentration of LDL > 160 mg/dl (4.11 mmol/l) and 7.4% a concentration of tryglicerides > 7.4 mg/dl (2.22 mmol/l). The concentrations of LDLc and tryglicerides and the atherogenic index (TC/HDLc) were higher in men than in women and they increased with age. CONCLUSIONS: The cholesterol levels could be considered lower in Catalonia, Spain, than in other developed countries, and there is a tendency to decrease accordingly to the decrease in the cardiovascular mortality rates. However, the lipid profile in men older than 35 years and in women older than 50 years is still a cause of concern.
Effect of hydroxytyrosol, walnut and olive oil on nutritional profile of Low-Fat Chicken Frankfurters; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of hydroxytyrosol extract (HXT, 50ppm), walnut paste (2.5g/100g) and extra olive oil (as substitute of animal fat, 20g/100g) on fatty acid profiles, mineral content and sensory analysis of chicken frankfurters. Low-fat chicken sausages produced with olive oil as fat replacement, walnut and HXT extract remained stable without a significant loss of sensory attributes during storage at 4 degrees C for 21 days. The sausages with HXT were found to decrease rancid odour, and the samples with walnut were darker, compared with control. Whereas positive correlations were established between rancid odour, saturated fatty acid (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), and negative correlations were found between polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), rancid odour and thibarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS)
Risk and benefit assessment of seafood consumption harvested from the Pertuis Charentais region of France*; Seafood is well recognized as a major source of Long Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (LC n-3 PUFA, especially ecosapentaenoic acid, i.e. EPA and docosaheaxaenoic acid, i.e. DHA) and essential trace elements (As, Cu, Fe, Mn, Se, and Zn). It is also a source of non-essential trace elements (Ag, Cd, Hg, Pb) that can be deleterious for health even at low concentrations. Edible parts of sixteen species (fish, cephalopods, crustaceans and bivalves) of great importance in the Pertuis Charentais region, one of the main shellfish farming and fishing areas along the french coastline, were sampled in winter and analyzed to determine their fatty acid (FA) composition and trace element concentrations. Based on these analyses, a suite of indices was calculated to estimate risk and benefit of seafood consumption: the n-6/n-3 ratio, the atherogenic index, the thrombogenic index, the EPA + DHA daily recommended portion, as well as the maximum safe consumption. The results showed that fish contributed the most to LC n-3 PUFA supply, while bivalves and crustaceans were more beneficial in essential trace elements. Whatever the species, the concentrations of non-essential elements were not limiting for seafood consumption, as important amounts of the analyzed species can be eaten daily or weekly before becoming hazardous to consumers. Yet, concentrations of Hg in dogfish and seabass can become a concern for frequent seafood consumers (>three meals a week), confirming that varying seafood items is a key point for consumers to optimize the benefits of diverse seafood resources. Considering FA composition, whiting and pilchard are the most beneficial fish species for human diet, while surmullet was the least beneficial one. However, using an index integrating the relative risk due to Hg content, the surmullet appears as one of the most beneficial. This study provides a temporal shot of the quality of marine resources consumed in winter period in the studied area and highlights the complexity of a quantitative risk and benefit assessment with respect to the biochemical attributes of selected seafood.
Fatty Acid Composition and Volatile Profile of <i>M. longissimus thoracis</i> from Commercial Lambs Reared in Different Forage Systems; Animal production factors can affect the fatty acid and volatile profile of lamb meat. The fatty acid and volatile composition of the M. longissimus thoracis was evaluated from 150 lambs from 10 groups of commercial lambs that differed in age, sex, diet and breed, from three farms, which represent typical forage lamb production systems in New Zealand. The meat from 4-month-old composite lambs slaughtered at weaning had a similar polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acid ratio compared to 6- to 8-month-old composite lambs, but a greater ratio than that of 12-month-old Merino lambs (p < 0.05), with all ratios being lower than the recommended >= 0.45. All lamb production systems produced meat with an omega-6 to omega-3 ratio below 1.5, well below the recommended ratio <= 4.0. Meat from 4-month-old lambs had higher C12:0, C14:0 and C16:0 and lower C18:0, reflecting the composition of the milk diet, resulting in higher atherogenic index than meat from other animal groups, while meat from 12-month-old Merino lambs, with lower content of polyunsaturated fatty acids, showed higher thrombogenic index. Meat from lambs processed at weaning contained the greatest concentration of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, which would qualify as a 'source' or 'good source' of these target fatty acids based on the Commission of Regulation of the European Union or the Food Standards Australia New Zealand guidelines, respectively. Volatiles were extracted from the headspace of raw lean meat and 36 volatile compounds were identified. The abundance of carbon disulphide, isododecane, heptanal, 2,5-hexanediol and 3-octanone and pentanoic, octanoic, nonanoic and heptanoic acids was similar between all groups of lambs. Meat from 12-month-old Merino lambs had low abundance of acetic, propanoic, butanoic and hexanoic acids, and hexanal, octanal and dimethyl sulphide. For 6- to 8-month-old composite lambs, hexanal, octanal and nonanal were present at higher relative abundance in meat from lambs that grazed on chicory than perennial ryegrass. The significant differences in the fatty acid and volatile profiles in meat from 12-month-old Merino lambs compared with lambs slaughtered at weaning or further grazed on red clover, chicory or mixed pasture may result in distinctive nutritional value and lamb flavour.
Hypolipidemic and Hypocholesterolemic Effect of Roselle (<i>Hibiscus sabdariffa</i> L.) Seeds Oil in Experimental Male Rats; The current investigation aimed to evaluate the influence of roselle seeds oil (RSO), coconut oil (CNO) and binary mixture of them on serum lipids of experimental rats. Fatty acid composition of native and blended oils was determined. Thirty five male Albino rats (145- 160 g) were used throughout this study. The rats were fed AIN-93G diet containing 10% fat from CNO, RSO, B1 (25%RSO+ 75 %CNO), B2 (50 %RSO+ 50 %CNO or B3 (75 %RSO+ 25 % CNO) for eight weeks. Blood samples were collected at the beginning, every two weeks during the experiment, and at the end of the experiment. At the time of sacrifice, organs weights in relation to their body weights were immediately recorded. Substitution of 25, 50 and 75 of CNO with equal amounts of RSO reduced saturated fatty acids by 16.04, 32.58 and 48.77 %, respectively in blended oils. The content of linoleic (C18:2) increased from not detected level in CNO to 9.81, 19.67 and 29.48 % in CNO blended with 25, 50 and 75 % of RSO, respectively. The relative liver weights of rats fed CNO was significantly higher than that of those fed RSO and blended oils. Mixing CNO with various levels of RSO attenuates the adverse effect in the relative liver weights which caused by CNO administration. At the end of the experiment, blinding coconut oil with 25, 50 and 75 % of roselle oil inhibited the elevation in total cholesterol by 9.69, 28.16 and 36.16 %, respectively compared to CNO rats. Rats fed diet containing CNO for 8 weeks had significantly the highest content (126.49 mg/dl) of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, while those fed 100 % RSO (as a source of lipids) had the lowest concentration of LDL-C (64.32 mg/dL). Atherogenic index (AI) values of rats submitted B1, B2 and B3 were about 1.12, 1.23 and 1.28 times as low as those of rats fed CNO diet, respectively. The results of this study indicate that roselle seeds oil (RSO) reduces hyperlipidemia and hypercholesterolemia in rats fed diet rich in saturated fatty acids.
A new TCM formula FTZ lowers serum cholesterol by regulating HMG-CoA reductase and CYP7A1 in hyperlipidemic rats; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Based on a theory of Chinese Medicine, Regulating Gan (liver) to lower lipids that is in brief to regulate the lipid metabolic related factors in the liver will improve serum lipid profile, we have developed Fufang Zhenzhu Tiao Zhi (FTZ) which includes eight herbs that are quality assured. FTZ has been developed with the potential to correct abnormal lipid metabolism. This Chinese herbal medicine has been prescribed for 20 years, which has been issued patent and clinically proven for use in the treatment of dyslipidemia. Aim of the study: To investigate the cholesterol-lowering effect and the mode of action of FTZ extract on high lipid diet induced hyperlipidemic rats. Materials and methods: The FTZ was prepared by alcohol and water extraction of eight herbs that have been quality-controlled according to the protocol. The cholesterol-lowering effect of FTZ was evaluated on SD rats fed with high-lipid diet. RT-PCR and western blot were used to analyze the gene expression of cholesterol metabolism-related enzymes including HMG-CoA reductase and cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) in the livers of the rats. The activity of HMG-CoA reductase and CYP7A1 were assessed by colorimetrical method and by quantification of the cholesterol metabolite of CYP7A1 using HPLC analysis respectively. Results and conclusions: FTZ significantly decreased the levels of serum total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), whilst elevated the serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and decreased serum atherogenic index (A.I.) values in high lipid diet induced hyperlipidemic rats. Furthermore, FTZ showed significant antihyperlipidemic effect by at least three pathways in the high lipid diet induced hyperlipidemic rats: (1) upregulating the gene expression and activity of CYP7A1 which promotes the conversion of cholesterol into bile acid
Beneficial effects of plant sterols/stanols-containing milk powder on lipid metabolism in hamsters; The effect of plant sterols/stanols-containing milk powder (phytosterol milk powder, PSMP, containing 2.78% phytosterols mixture) on lipid metabolism in hamsters was investigated. One hundred male 7-week-old Golden Syrian hamsters were given free access to regular rodent chow and water for 1 week to acclimatize. Four extremely (10%) over- and underweight hamsters were eliminated. Sixteen hamsters were killed and examined for plasma and liver lipid compositions to establish the baseline. The remaining hamster were randomly divided into 5 groups, each group of hamsters had statistically similar average body weight, but fed with different experimental diets for 4 weeks. All 5 groups of hamsters were fed with high fat, high cholesterol diet containing different ingredients. Regular rodent chow diet was supplemented with 0.5% (w/w) cholesterol and corn/coconut oil mixture (corn oil/coconut oil = 1:1) to raise the final fat content to 15% (w/w) (Group 1 - control group). Group 2 was the positive control (PC) group, which was fed with diet containing 0.72% (w/w) phytosterols (consisted of 75% P-sitosterol and 10% campesterol). Groups 3-5 were the experimental groups, of which 12.95, 25.90 or 64.75% (w/w) PSMP (1x, 2x and 5x PSMP groups) was added to the diet and the phytosterol mixture contents in these diets were 0.36, 0.72 and 1.8% (w/w), respectively. At the end of 4-week feeding period, hamsters were killed and the plasma and hepatic lipid compositions together with the fecal neutral sterol content were determined. No adverse effects of PSMP on growth and health condition in hamsters were found in this experiment. At the highest feeding dose of PSMP (64.75%, w/w), hamsters had the highest body weight gain and the lowest plasma and liver lipid contents. PSMP showed significant effects on lowering the concentrations of plasma total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol. It could also lower the atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C), hepatic lipid levels and relative liver weight while raising the fecal cholesterol and phytosterols excretion in the hyperlipidemic hamsters.
<i>PPAR</i>γ<i>2</i> Pro12Ala polymorphism was associated with favorable cardiometabolic risk profile in HIV/HCV coinfected patients: a cross-sectional study; Background: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma-2 gene (PPAR gamma 2) rs1801282 (Pro12Ala) polymorphism has been associated with lower risk of metabolic disturbance and atherosclerosis. The aim of this study was to analyze the association between the Pro12Ala polymorphism and cardiometabolic risk factors in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/Hepatitis C virus (HCV)-coinfected patients. Methods: We carried out a cross-sectional study on 257 HIV/HCV coinfected patients. PPAR gamma 2 polymorphism was genotyped by GoldenGate (R) assay. The main outcome measures were: i) serum lipids (cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C), LDL-C/HDL-C, and atherogenic index (AI))
CONVENTIONAL BIOMARKERS FOR CARDIOVASCULAR RISKS AND THEIR CORRELATION WITH THE CASTELLI RISK INDEX-INDICES AND TG/HDL-C; Objective: to evaluate the correlation between a group of conventional biomarkers of cardiovascular risk with the Castelli-I and Castelli-II indices, and TG/HDL-C ratio in patients assigned to a program of cardiovascular risk for users of the clinical laboratory service of an institution that provides health services in the southwest of the Colombia. Materials and Methods: retrospective, descriptive multivariate exploratory study, carried out in 2 126 patients. Some sociodemographic variables were analyzed, as well as glucose and lipid profile. The Castelli-I and Castelli-II indices, and TG/HDL-C ratio were calculated. The correlation among the variables was evaluated through a matrix of correlations, the correlation index and the Bartlett's Test of Sphericity. The analysis ended with a study of main components. which allowed to identify how the variables studied were grouped into components that characterized the population. Results: the average age was 56 +/- 11 years
Enhancing the Hypolipidemic Effect of Simvastatin in Poloxamer-Induced Hyperlipidemic Rats <i>via</i> Liquisolid Approach: Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Evaluation; This study aimed to enhance the dissolution of simvastatin (SMV) through its formulation in liquisolid tablets (LSTs) to improve its bioavailability and hypolipidemic activity after oral administration. SMV-LSTs were optimized using Box-Behnken design to maximize the rate and extent of SMV dissolution. The optimized SMV-LST was evaluated for pharmacokinetic parameters and potential hypolipidemic activity on induced hyperlipidemic rats. The dissolution parameters revealed a shortening of mean dissolution time from 10.99 to 6.82 min, increasing of dissolution rate during the first 10 min from 1253.15 to 1667.31 mu g/min, and enhancing of dissolution efficiency after 60 min from 71.92 to 86.93% for SMV-LSTsversusthe commercial SMV tablets. The obtained data reflected an improvement in the relative bioavailability of SMV with 148.232% which was confirmed by the significant reduction of the levels of circulating total cholesterol, triglycerides that reached the normal level after 12 h. In particular, the optimized SMV-LSTs reduced serum low-density lipoproteins (LDL) by 44.6% which was significantly different from the commercial SMV tablets. In contrast, the level of serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) was significantly augmented after 4 h in rats treated with the optimized SMV-LSTs by 47.6%. Finally, the optimized SMV-LSTs showed a significant lower atherosclerotic index value which could maximize its potential in decreasing the risk of coronary disease and atherosclerosis. Overall enhancement in pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics in comparison with the commercial tablets confers the potential of the liquisolid approach as a promising alternative for improved oral bioavailability, hypolipidemic, and cardioprotective effects of SMV.
Hypertriglyceridemic Waist - a Simple Clinical Tool to Detect Cardiometabolic Risk: Comparison With Harmonized Definition of Metabolic Syndrome; With the increasing prevalence of obesity and especially abdominal obesity, a simple clinical tool is needed that identifies the cardiometabolic risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The aim of our study was to evaluate a broad spectrum of metabolic variables and IMT in subjects with and without hypertriglyceridemic waist (HTGW) and compare it with the harmonized definition of metabolic syndrome (MS) with both a higher (MS-I) and lower waist circumference (MS-II) for Europids. We enrolled 607 asymptomatic dyslipidemic subjects (295 men and 312 women) into our cross-sectional study. The subjects with HTGW had an atherogenic lipid profile (significantly higher triglycerides, AIP, non-HDL-C, lower HDL-C and ApoA-1, and the women also higher TC and ApoB), increased markers of insulin resistance (insulin, HOMA, C-peptide, proinsulin), inflammation (hsCRP), thrombosis (fibrinogen, PAI-1), SBP and DBP, and lower adiponectin (p<0.05-0.001 for all). These risk factors were entirely similar in HTGW, MS-I and MS-II. Age-adjusted IMT was significantly higher only in the women with HTGW but this significance disappeared after further adjustment for TC, SBP, and smoking. Our results support the routine use of HTGW as a simple and inexpensive screening tool to detect subjects at increased cardiometabolic risk in clinical practice.
Cross-sectional correlates of paraoxonase 1 and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in metabolic syndrome patients with and without diabetes; Background: Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1(sICAM-1) are intricately involved in metabolic syndrome (MetS) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) pathophysiology. This study aimed to investigate PON1 and sICAM-1 plasma levels in addition to correlating them with adiposity, atherogenicity and hematological indices in T2DM and MetS. Methods: This cross-sectional study composed of 28 healthy lean subjects (control), 29 normoglycemic MetS subjects and 30 MetS-Pre/T2DM. Results: The sICAM-1 levels (ng/ml) were markedly higher in the pre/diabetic MetS group (828 250.37 versus controls' 608.62 +/- 184
A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF RISK FACTORS OF CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASES IN YOUNG ADULTS WITH FAMILY HISTORY OF HYPERTENSION/DIABETES MELLITUS; BACKGROUND Non-communicable chronic diseases viz. diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases are assuming importance among the adult population in both developed and developing countries. Hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and obesity are closely interrelated. Among these, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia etc. have strong hereditary component. MATERIALS AND METHODS In this study the risk factors of cardiovascular diseases was compared in 50 young adults with family history of hypertension/diabetes mellitus (Group 1) and 50 young adults without family history of hypertension/ diabetes mellitus (Group 2). Physical and chemical parameters like systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio, fasting blood sugar (FBS) and fasting lipid profile (FLP) were evaluated. RESULTS Waist to hip ratio (p-value=0.011), FBS (p-value=0.018), total cholesterol (p-value=0.046) and LDL cholesterol (p-value=0.015) were significantly elevated in group 1 when compared to group 2. CONCLUSION Waist to hip ratio, fasting blood sugar, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol were significantly increased in young adults with family history of diabetes or hypertension, compared to others without family history of diabetes or hypertension. This necessitates blood investigations in the younger age group and further follow up study to identify the risk of dyslipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, obesity and development of cardiovascular diseases in our population.
Influence of 12-week Nordic Walking training on biomarkers of endothelial function in healthy postmenopausal women; BACKGROUND. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a 12-week Nordic Walking (NW) intervention on nitric oxide synthase activity (eNOS), levels of antibodies against oxidatively modified low-density lipoproteins (oLAb), plasma antioxidant capacity (TAC), thiobarbituric acid reactive substance (TBARS) concentration, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and atherosclerosis risk factors (AIP) in postmenopausal women. METHODS. A sample of 39 women, divided into two comparable groups: training (N.=20) and control (N.=19), took part in the study. Participants in the training group performed a 12-week supervised NW training: 60-minute sessions of exercise, repeated three times per week. The biochemical and anthropometric data were obtained before and after the intervention. During the first and the last training sessions, the individual walking distance in trained group was measured. RESULTS. After the intervention, significant differences in covered distance, body mass, BMI, fat mass, insulin level (P<0.01), systolic blood pressure and TBARS concentration (P<0.05) were found in trained women. CONCLUSIONS. Applied training was able to improve functional capacity and body composition in healthy postmenopausal women. It appears to be no direct link between a significant decrease in the level of systolic blood pressure, the level of eNOS activity, TAC, oLAb and plasma TBARS concentration in trained women. It seems probable that NW training would be more effective for postmenopausal women with more severely impaired endothelial function.
Auricular concha eletroacupuncture modulates lipid-lipoprotein metabolism in rats submitted to cold stress; Objective: To explore whether auricular concha eletroacupuncture (ACEA) is effective in regulating lipid-lipoprotein metabolism in rats submitted to cold stress. Methods: Thirty-six adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were placed in four groups(9 rats in each group), the rats in three groups of which were submitted to cold stress for fourteen days, the last one of which was a control group. After the cold stress process, in those three groups, the rats of one group were with no treatment (stress only), two were treated with either ACEA or auricular margin eletroacupuncture (AMEA) repeated for fourteen days. On the 14th day, all the rats were sacrificed after all experimental procedure for blood sampling. Blood glucose, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels were tested by using the collected serum. Plasma lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) was measured with ELISA kit. Results: ACEA down-regulated the TG level (P < 0.05) and LDL-C level (P < 0.05), and up-regulated HDL-C level (P < 0.05) and LACT level (P < 0.05). AMEA did not regulate the bio-markers. Conclusion: ACEA played an important role in regulating lipid-lipoprotein metabolism in rats submitted to cold stress. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of World Journal of Acupuncture Moxibustion House.
Circulating adhesion molecules in obstructive sleep apnea and cardiovascular disease; Over 20 years of evidence indicates a strong association between obstructive sleep apnea (USA) and cardiovascular disease. Although inflammatory processes have been heavily implicated as an important link between the two, the mechanism for this has not been conclusively established. Atherosclerosis may be one of the mechanisms linking USA to cardiovascular morbidity. This review addresses the role of circulating adhesion molecules in patients with USA, and how these may be part of the link between cardiovascular disease and USA. There is evidence for the role of adhesion molecules in cardiovascular disease risk. Some studies, albeit with small sample sizes, also show higher levels of adhesion molecules in patients with USA compared to controls. There are also studies that show that levels of adhesion molecules diminish with continuous positive airway pressure therapy. Limitations of these studies include small sample sizes, cross-sectional sampling, and inconsistent control for confounding variables known to influence adhesion molecule levels. There are potential novel therapies to reduce circulating adhesion molecules in patients with USA to diminish cardiovascular disease. Understanding the role of cell adhesion molecules generated in USA will help elucidate one mechanistic link to cardiovascular disease in patients with USA. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Path Modelling of Antecedent of Diabetes Mellitus on Blood Glucose Measurements; Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is one of the non-communicable diseases and public health problems facing the worldwide population that includes Malaysia. Hitherto, the prevalence of DM becomes worsening with an estimated of 3.4 million Malaysians are diabetes sufferers and expectedly increasing year by year. Thus, this study is of great importance by regressing the medical factors that affect the blood glucose level using structural equation modelling (SEM). The SEM with partial least squares (PLS) estimation was applied to a secondary data of 644 respondents, aged >= 18 years in Malaysia. The data were collected in 2011 by Ministry of Health Malaysia (MOH). The variables under study are blood glucose level, cholesterol level (CL), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), waist circumference (WC) and body mass index (BMI). From the modelling analysis, it showed that the cholesterol level (CL), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and waist circumference (WC) showed a positive significant relationship p < 0.01 (one-tailed) in influencing the blood sugar level. Whereas, diastolic blood pressure (DBP) is positively significant at p < 0.05 (one-tailed) and body mass index (BMI) is significant at p < 0.10 (one-tailed) towards blood glucose level. In conclusions, the findings from this study revealed the most salient predictors for blood glucose level which are CL, SBP and WC for diabetes mellitus among adults.
Global risk management in patients with type 2-diabetes mellitus; It is well established that aggressive risk factor modification results in improved cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes. Yet, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have a much higher baseline risk for cardiovascular events. As type 2 diabetes and hypertension commonly coexist, achieving recommended targets for diabetes, hypertension, and CVD requires aggressive management. Global risk reduction with aggressive low-density lipoprotein reduction and through the additional normalization of glucose levels and blood pressure can help to reduce absolute risk in this very high-risk population. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
CNN-KCL: Automatic myocarditis diagnosis using convolutional neural network combined with k-means clustering; Myocarditis is the form of an inflammation of the middle layer of the heart wall which is caused by a viral infection and can affect the heart muscle and its electrical system. It has remained one of the most challenging diagnoses in cardiology. Myocardial is the prime cause of unexpected death in approximately 20% of adults less than 40 years of age. Cardiac MRI (CMR) has been considered a noninvasive and golden standard diagnostic tool for suspected myocarditis and plays an indispensable role in diagnosing various cardiac diseases. However, the performance of CMR depends heavily on the clinical presentation and features such as chest pain, arrhythmia, and heart failure. Besides, other imaging factors like artifacts, technical errors, pulse sequence, acquisition parameters, contrast agent dose, and more importantly qualitatively visual interpretation can affect the result of the diagnosis. This paper introduces a new deep learning-based model called Convolutional Neural Network-Clustering (CNN-KCL) to diagnose Myocarditis. In this study, we used 47 subjects with a total number of 98,898 images to diagnose myocarditis disease. Our results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves an accuracy of 97.41% based on 10 fold-cross validation technique with 4 clusters for diagnosis of Myocarditis. To the best of our knowledge, this research is the first to use deep learning algorithms for the diagnosis of myocarditis.
Exercise, Energy Expenditure, and Body Composition in People With Spinal Cord Injury; Background: The objective of this study was to verify the long-term effects of exercise on energy expenditure and body composition in individuals with spinal cord injury (SCI), as very little information is available on this population under free-living conditions. Methods: Free-living energy expenditure and body composition using doubly labeled water (DLW) was measured in 13 individuals with SCI, subdivided in 2 groups: (1) sedentary (SED
Reproducibility and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate intake of dietary phylloquinone and menaquinones; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study aims to investigate the reproducibility and relative validity of the Dutch food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), to estimate intake of dietary phylloquinone and menaquinones compared with 24-h dietary recalls (24HDRs) and plasma markers of vitamin K status. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a cross-sectional study among 63 men and 58 women, the FFQ was completed three times over a 1-year period and the reproducibility was calculated over these measurements. Twelve-monthly 24HDR were collected to estimate relative validity. In addition, the relative validity of the FFQ, compared with plasma phylloquinone and desphospho-uncarboxylated matrix Gla protein (dpucMGP), was assessed cross-sectionally among 507 postmenopausal women. RESULTS: Intraclass correlations showed a good reproducibility, with correlations ranging from 0.65 to 0.83. The relative validity for phylloquinone intake compared with 24HDR was lower for women (r(s) = 0.28) than men (r(s) = 0.40). The relative validity, compared with 24HDR, for intake of short-chain menaquinones were ranging between 0.30 and 0.34. Long-chain menaquinones showed good relative validity (rs = 0.60-0.69). Plasma phylloquinone concentrations were weakly correlated with phylloquinone intake (r(s) = 0.16 (0.07-0.24). Plasma dpucMGP was negatively but weakly correlated with phylloquinone intake (r(s) = -0.09 (-0.18

There are 12 Target Papers Found during the search in PubMed!
They are:
relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome
novel predictors and adverse long-term outcomes of no-reflow phenomenon in patients with acute st elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention
effect of body mass index on the prognostic value of atherogenic index of plasma in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention
the atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from an observational cohort study in china
atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in china
the association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow phenomenon in acute coronary syndrome
the relation between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes in prediabetic individuals with unstable angina pectoris
prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolic indices in patients with acute coronary syndrome
the non-hdl-c/hdl-c ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with st-elevation myocardial infarction
association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome
the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute st-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention
prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention

In the end, 11 Target Papers were left after filtering!
They are:
relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome
effect of body mass index on the prognostic value of atherogenic index of plasma in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention
the atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from an observational cohort study in china
atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in china
the association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow phenomenon in acute coronary syndrome
the relation between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes in prediabetic individuals with unstable angina pectoris
prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolic indices in patients with acute coronary syndrome
the non-hdl-c/hdl-c ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with st-elevation myocardial infarction
association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome
the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute st-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention
prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention

The number of target article missing is: 1
False Positive Rate: 0.7094474153297683
False Negative Rate: 0.08333333333333333
