Total number of articles searched: 1092
Include criteria: [['Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus', 'Postpartum women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['Regular physical activity', 'Healthy dietary interventions'], ['Comparison group of women without gestational diabetes mellitus', 'Women with different metabolic profiles'], ['Incidence of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)', 'Prevalence of NAFLD in offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus'], ['Meta-analysis', 'Systematic review', 'Cohort studies']]
Exclude criteria: [['Studies on non-human population'], ['Intervention not related to gestational diabetes'], ['Lack of control group'], ['Outcomes not related to NAFLD development'], ['Not a systematic review or meta-analysis study design']]
Viral hepatitis and pregnancy.; The management of viral hepatitis in the setting of pregnancy requires special consideration. There are five liver-specific viruses (hepatitis A, B, C, D, E), each with unique epidemiology, tendency to chronicity, risk of liver complications and response to antiviral therapies. In the setting of pregnancy, the liver health of the mother, the influence of pregnancy on the clinical course of the viral infection and the effect of the virus or liver disease on the developing infant must be considered. Although all hepatitis viruses can harm the mother and the child, the greatest risk to maternal health and subsequently the fetus is seen with acute hepatitis A virus or hepatitis E virus infection during pregnancy. By contrast, the primary risks for hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV) and hepatitis D virus are related to the severity of the underlying liver disease in the mother and the risk of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) for HBV and HCV. The prevention of MTCT is key to reducing the global burden of chronic viral hepatitis, and prevention strategies must take into consideration local health-care and socioeconomic challenges. This Review presents the epidemiology of acute and chronic viral hepatitis infection in pregnancy, the effect of pregnancy on the course of viral infection and, conversely, the influence of the viral infection on maternal and infant outcomes, including MTCT.
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. RECENT FINDINGS: There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring's adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - a narrative review.; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS): Long-term metabolic consequences.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women during their reproductive ages, associated with a plethora of cardiometabolic consequences, with obesity, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenemia playing a major role in the degree of such manifestations. These consequences include increased risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus (both type 2 and gestational), atherogenic dyslipidemia, systemic inflammation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension and coagulation disorders. Whether this cluster of metabolic abnormalities is also translated in increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity and mortality in later life, remains to be established. Data so far based on markers of subclinical atherosclerosis as well as retrospective and prospective cohort studies indicate a possible increased CVD risk, mainly for coronary heart disease. Future studies are needed to further elucidate this issue.
Liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among Chinese pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Liver plays an important role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. We aimed to examine the associations of liver enzymes and hepatic steatosis index (HSI, a reliable biomarker for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in early pregnancy with subsequent GDM risk, as well as the potential mediation effects of lipid metabolites on the association between HSI and GDM. METHODS: In a birth cohort, liver enzymes were measured in early pregnancy (6-15 gestational weeks, mean 10) among 6,860 Chinese women. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the association between liver biomarkers and risk of GDM. Pearson partial correlation and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression were conducted to identify lipid metabolites that were significantly associated with HSI in a subset of 948 women. Mediation analyses were performed to estimate the mediating roles of lipid metabolites on the association of HSI with GDM. RESULTS: Liver enzymes and HSI were associated with higher risks of GDM after adjustment for potential confounders, with ORs ranging from 1.42 to 2.24 for extreme-quartile comparisons (false discovery rate-adjusted P-trend ≤0.005). On the natural log scale, each SD increment of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, alkaline phosphatase, and HSI was associated with a 1.15-fold (95% CI: 1.05, 1.26), 1.10-fold (1.01, 1.20), 1.21-fold (1.10, 1.32), 1.15-fold (1.04, 1.27), and 1.33-fold (1.18, 1.51) increased risk of GDM, respectively. Pearson partial correlation and LASSO regression identified 15 specific lipid metabolites in relation to HSI. Up to 52.6% of the association between HSI and GDM risk was attributed to the indirect effect of the HSI-related lipid score composed of lipid metabolites predominantly from phospholipids (e.g., lysophosphatidylcholine and ceramides) and triacylglycerol. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated liver enzymes and HSI in early pregnancy, even within a normal range, were associated with higher risks of GDM among Chinese pregnant women. The association of HSI with GDM was largely mediated by altered lipid metabolism.
NAFLD at the Interface of the Mother-Infant Dyad.; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non- Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers' health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
TMED family genes and their roles in human diseases.; The members of the transmembrane emp24 domain-containing protein (TMED) family are summarized in human as four subfamilies, α (TMED 4, 9), β (TMED 2), γ (TMED1, 3, 5, 6, 7) and δ (TMED 10), with a total of nine members, which are important regulators of intracellular protein transport and are involved in normal embryonic development, as well as in the pathogenic processes of many human diseases. Here we systematically review the composition, structure and function of TMED family members, and describe the progress of TMED family in human diseases, including malignancies (head and neck tumors, lung cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer, endometrial cancer, gastrointestinal tumors, urological tumors, osteosarcomas, etc.), immune responses, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, dilated cardiomyopathy, mucin 1 nephropathy (MKD), and desiccation syndrome (SS). Finally, we discuss and prospect the potential of TMED for disease prognosis prediction and therapeutic targeting, with a view to laying the foundation for therapeutic research based on TMED family causative genes.
Developmental Origins of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Its prevalence is currently increasing not only in developed obese countries but also in developing countries. Recent findings from human cohorts and animal studies suggest that a nutritional imbalance in the early critical period is causatively associated with the incidence of NAFLD in later life. Based on the current theory of the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD), undernourishment and overnourishment in utero are both hypothesized to prime the predisposition for hepatic fat storage. Current knowledge on the developmental origins of NAFLD is introduced in this chapter.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes. RECENT FINDINGS: It is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards. SUMMARY: The long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Resistin role in development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes is estimated to be one of the major causes of deaths in most countries due to its high prevalence rate, which was 8.8% in 2015. Hyperglycemia detected during pregnancy is known as gestational diabetes mellitus and it increases the potential risk of development of Type 2 diabetes in mothers with its varying prevalence rate of 1-14% in different populations. It also leads to the higher risk of developing abnormal glucose tolerance and obesity in their child at an early age. Recent studies show that potential mediators of insulin resistance such as adipokines - adiponectin, leptin and resistin are important for glucose and lipid metabolism. Adipokines are directly involved in the regulation of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity in the liver, muscle and adipose tissue. It is also involved in inflammation, adipose tissue accumulation, adverse fat distribution and subsequently affects glucose metabolism. This review highlights the role of resistin (an adipokine) in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Non-coding RNAs: The link between maternal malnutrition and offspring metabolism.; Early life nutrition is associated with the development and metabolism in later life, which is known as the Developmental Origin of Health and Diseases (DOHaD). Epigenetics have been proposed as an important explanation for this link between early life malnutrition and long-term diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) may play a role in this epigenetic programming. The expression of ncRNAs (such as long non-coding RNA H19, microRNA-122, and circular RNA-SETD2) was significantly altered in specific tissues of offspring exposed to maternal malnutrition. Changes in these downstream targets of ncRNAs lead to abnormal development and metabolism. This review aims to summarize the existing knowledge on ncRNAs linking the maternal nutrition condition and offspring metabolic diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Adipose tissue-derived FABP4 mediates glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production in gestational diabetes.; AIMS: One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which may result in significant health threats of the mother, fetus and the newborn. Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) is an adipokine that regulates glucose homeostasis by promoting glucose production and liver insulin resistance in mouse models. FABP4 levels are increased in GDM and correlates with maternal indices of insulin resistance, with a rapid decline post-partum. We therefore aimed to determine the tissue origin of elevated circulating FABP4 levels in GDM and to assess its potential contribution in promoting glucagon-induced hepatic glucose production. MATERIALS AND METHODS: FABP4 protein and gene expression was determined in biopsies from placenta, subcutaneous (sWAT) and visceral (vWAT) white adipose tissues from GDM and normoglycaemic pregnant women. FABP4 differential contribution in glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production was tested in conditioned media before and after its immune clearance. RESULTS: We showed that FABP4 is expressed in placenta, sWAT and vWAT of pregnant women at term, with a significant increase in its secretion from vWAT of women with GDM compared with normoglycaemic pregnant women. Neutralizing FABP4 from both normoglycaemic pregnant women and GDM vWAT secretome, resulted in a decrease in glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides new insights into the role of adipose tissue-derived FABP4 in GDM, highlighting this adipokine, as a potential co-activator of glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production during pregnancy.
The Current and Potential Therapeutic Use of Metformin-The Good Old Drug.; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Triglyceride metabolism in pregnancy.; During pregnancy, complex changes occur in lipid profiles. From the 12th week of gestation, phospholipids, cholesterol (total, LDL, HDL), and triglycerides (TG) increase in response to estrogen stimulation and insulin resistance. Transition to a catabolic state favors maternal tissue lipid use as energy sources, thus sparing glucose and amino acids for the fetus. In addition, maternal lipids, that is, cholesterol, are available for fetal use in building cell membranes and as precursor of bile acids and steroid hormones. It is also required for cell proliferation and development of the growing body. Free-fatty acids (FFA), oxidized in the maternal liver as ketone-bodies, represent an alternative fuel for the fetus. Maternal hypertriglyceridemia (vs. other lipids) has many positive effects such as contributing to fetal growth and development and serving as an energy depot for maternal dietary fatty acids. However, increased TG during pregnancy appears to increase risk of preeclampsia and preterm birth. Some have suggested that maternal hypertriglyceridemia has a role in increasing cardiovascular risk later in life. This chapter reviews lipid metabolism during pregnancy to elucidate its effect on fetal growth and its potential role in pregnancy-associated complications and future cardiovascular risk.
Adipokines: A Rainbow of Proteins with Metabolic and Endocrine Functions.; Obesity represents one of the most important health problems worldwide with increasing morbidity and mortality. Widespread prevalence of this disease justifies its actual definition of a "global epidemic". Adipose tissue is nowadays considered a complex organ with lots of endocrine and metabolic functions. In addition to fulfilling its task for energy storage and thermal regulation, by virtue of its constituent white and brown cells, adipose tissue represents, considering its size, the biggest endocrine gland in the body. Both adipocytes and surrounding resident cells (macrophages, endothelial cells and others) produce a huge number of molecules, or adipokines, with endocrine or paracrine functions, that regulate various aspects of metabolism whose clinical relevance is emerging. By balancing pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects, the adipokines control insulin sensitivity and related glucose metabolism changes, lipid accumulation in the liver and other organs, and finally gonadal function. Collectively, literature data remains cloudy because of still conflicting results of pre-clinical and clinical studies. The aim of this review was to summarize scientific evidence about adipokines' effects on human metabolism, by focusing on their role on either Metabolic Syndrome and NAFLD, or insulin-resistance in pregnancy, or finally, reproductive function disorders.
The association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder characterized by an abnormal vascular response to placentation associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. As liver involvement is one of the main clinical features of preeclampsia, we sought to determine if there is an association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. METHODS: A retrospective matched case-control analysis was conducted in a tertiary medical center. Three hundred eleven (311) pregnant women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson disease, and cirrhosis, were match for age, parity, and number of fetuses to 933 healthy pregnant women (control group). The primary outcome measure was the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcome measures were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Confounders found to be significant on univariate analysis were evaluated using logistic regression models, and odds ratios (OR) and confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. RESULTS: Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 28 women (9.0%) in the study group and 33 women (3.54%) in the control group (p < 0.001). On multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, chronic liver disease was found to be an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (aOR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518-4.561). Although there was no difference in the gestational week at delivery between the groups (38.6 ± 2.13 vs. 38.8 ± 2.17 for study and control group, respectively, p = 0.410), the study group had a lower mean neonatal birthweight (3088 ± 551 vs. 3182 ± 566 g, p = 0.011). There were no between-group differences in the other parameters evaluated. CONCLUSION: In our study, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk of preeclampsia.
Early-life exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus predisposes offspring to pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the prevailing chronic liver disease in the pediatric population due to the global obesity pandemic. Evidence shows that prenatal and postnatal exposure to maternal abnormalities leads to a higher risk of pediatric NAFLD through persistent alterations in developmental programming. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a hyperglycemic syndrome which has become the most prevalent complication in pregnant women. An increasing number of both epidemiologic investigations and animal model studies have validated adverse and long-term outcomes in offspring following GDM exposure in utero. Similarly, GDM is considered a crucial risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. This review aimed to summarize currently published studies concerning the inductive roles of GDM in offspring NAFLD development during childhood and adolescence. Dysregulations in hepatic lipid metabolism and gut microbiota in offspring, as well as dysfunctions in the placenta are potential factors in the pathogenesis of GDM-associated pediatric NAFLD. In addition, potentially effective interventions for GDM-associated offspring NAFLD are also discussed in this review. However, most of these therapeutic approaches still require further clinical research for validation.
Developmental origins of NAFLD: a womb with a clue.; Changes in the maternal environment leading to an altered intrauterine milieu can result in subtle insults to the fetus, promoting increased lifetime disease risk and/or disease acceleration in childhood and later in life. Particularly worrisome is that the prevalence of NAFLD is rapidly increasing among children and adults, and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages, pointing towards an early-life origin. A wealth of evidence, in humans and non-human primates, suggests that maternal nutrition affects the placenta and fetal tissues, leading to persistent changes in hepatic metabolism, mitochondrial function, the intestinal microbiota, liver macrophage activation and susceptibility to NASH postnatally. Deleterious exposures in utero include fetal hypoxia, increased nutrient supply, inflammation and altered gut microbiota that might produce metabolic clues, including fatty acids, metabolites, endotoxins, bile acids and cytokines, which prime the infant liver for NAFLD in a persistent manner and increase susceptibility to NASH. Mechanistic links to early disease pathways might involve shifts in lipid metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, pioneering gut microorganisms, macrophage programming and epigenetic changes that alter the liver microenvironment, favouring liver injury. In this Review, we discuss how maternal, fetal, neonatal and infant exposures provide developmental clues and mechanisms to help explain NAFLD acceleration and increased disease prevalence. Mechanisms identified in clinical and preclinical models suggest important opportunities for prevention and intervention that could slow down the growing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation.
Nutritional, pharmacological, and environmental programming of NAFLD in early life.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main liver disease worldwide, and its prevalence in children and adolescents has been increasing in the past years. It has been demonstrated that parental exposure to different conditions, both preconceptionally and during pregnancy, can lead to fetal programming of several metabolic diseases, including NAFLD. In this article, we review some of the maternal and paternal conditions that may be involved in early-life programing of adult NAFLD. First, we describe the maternal nutritional factors that have been suggested to increase the risk of NAFLD in the offspring, such as an obesogenic diet, overweight/obesity, and altered lipogenesis. Second, we review the association of certain vitamin supplementation and the use of some drugs during pregnancy, for instance, glucocorticoids, with a higher risk of NAFLD. Furthermore, we discuss the evidence showing that maternal-fetal pathologies, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), insulin resistance (IR), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), as well as the exposure to environmental contaminants, and the impact of microbiome changes, are important factors in early-life programming of NAFLD. Finally, we review how paternal preconceptional conditions, such as exercise and diet (particularly obesogenic diets), may impact fetal growth and liver function. Altogether, the presented evidence supports the hypothesis that both in utero exposure and parental conditions may influence fetal outcomes, including the development of NAFLD in early life and adulthood. The study of these conditions is crucial to better understand the diverse mechanisms involved in NAFLD, as well as for defining new preventive strategies for this disease.
The Origins of NAFLD: The Potential Implication of Intrauterine Life and Early Postnatal Period.; Fetal life and the first few months after birth represent a plastic age, defined as a "window of opportunity", as the organism is particularly susceptible to environmental pressures and has to adapt to environmental conditions. Several perturbations in pregnancy, such as excessive weight gain, obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus and an inadequate or high-fat diet, have been associated with long-term metabolic consequences in offspring, even without affecting birth weight. Moreover, great interest has also been focused on the relationship between the gut microbiome of early infants and health status in later life. Consistently, in various epidemiological studies, a condition of dysbiosis has been associated with an increased inflammatory response and metabolic alterations in the host, with important consequences on the intestinal and systemic health of the unborn child. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the origins of NAFLD, with particular attention to the potential implications of intrauterine life and the early postnatal period. Due to the well-known association between gut microbiota and the risk of NAFLD, a specific focus will be devoted to factors affecting early microbiota formation/composition.
Obstetric Outcomes in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases in the Western world and yet there is little research into its impact on pregnancy. METHODS: A literature review was conducted in the database PubMed, with articles published between 1990 and 2017. The selected studies addressed features specifically attributed to NAFLD and associated obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Nine studies met criteria. Our aim was to consolidate the limited literature and identify trends. RESULTS: There was considerable heterogeneity in the diagnostic approach to NAFLD. Data are conflicting as to whether NAFLD increases the risk of gestational diabetes independent of obesity. NAFLD is associated with an elevated risk of extremes of birth weight, both small and large for gestational age. Several studies found a greater impact of NAFLD on maternal morbidity including preeclampsia in women with a body mass index <30kg/m(2). CONCLUSIONS: NAFLD appears to be associated with increased obstetric morbidity, particularly among non-obese women. More research is needed to clarify the pathophysiology and optimize safe treatment.
Maternal and Perinatal Risk Factors for Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common pediatric liver disease. The intrauterine and early life environment can have an important impact on long-term metabolic health. We investigated the impact of maternal prepregnancy obesity, (pre)gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and birth anthropometrics/preterm birth on the development of NAFLD in children and adolescents. METHODS: A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, EMBASE, and grey literature databases through August 2020. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pediatric NAFLD, whereas the histologic severity of steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis were secondary outcomes. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were performed by 2 independent reviewers. RESULTS: Our systematic review included 33 articles. Study heterogeneity regarding patient populations, diagnostic tools, and overall quality was considerable. Eight studies determined the impact of maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity and identified this as a possible modifiable risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. Conversely, 8 studies investigated (pre)gestational diabetes, yet the evidence on its impact is conflicting. Breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk for NAFLD, steatohepatitis, and fibrosis, especially in studies that evaluated longer periods of breastfeeding. Being born preterm or small for gestational age has an unclear impact on the development of NAFLD, although an early catch-up growth might drive NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review, we found that maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of pediatric NAFLD. Breastfeeding might be protective against the development of NAFLD when the duration of breastfeeding is sufficiently long (≥6 months).
Outcomes of pregnancy in autoimmune hepatitis: A population-based study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) disproportionately affects young women, which may have implications in pregnancy. However, data on pregnancy outcomes in women with AIH are limited. APPROACH AND RESULTS: Using weighted discharge data from the United States National Inpatient Sample from 2012 to 2016, we evaluated pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation and compared outcomes in AIH to other chronic liver diseases (CLD) or no CLD in pregnancy. The association of AIH with maternal and perinatal outcomes was assessed by logistic regression. Among 18,595,345 pregnancies, 935 (<0.001%) had AIH (60 with cirrhosis) and 120,100 (0.006%) had other CLD (845 with cirrhosis). Temporal trends in pregnancies with AIH remained stable from 2008 to 2016 with 1.4-6.8/100,000 pregnancies per year (p = 0.25). On adjusted analysis, the odds of gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets) were significantly higher in AIH compared to other CLD (GDM: OR 2.2, 95% CI: 1.5-3.9, p < 0.001
The Association of Childbirth with Medical Debt in the USA, 2019-2020.; BACKGROUND: Medical debt affects one in five adults in the USA and may disproportionately burden postpartum women due to pregnancy-related medical costs. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between childbirth and medical debt, and the correlates of medical debt among postpartum women, in the USA. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. PARTICIPANTS: We analyzed female "sample adults" 18-49 years old in the 2019-2020 National Health Interview Survey, a nationally representative household survey. MAIN MEASURES: Our primary exposure was whether the subject gave birth in the past year. We had two family-level debt outcomes: problems paying medical bills and inability to pay medical bills. We examined the association between live birth and medical debt outcomes, unadjusted and adjusted for potential confounders in multivariable logistic regressions. Among postpartum women, we also examined the association between medical debt with maternal asthma, hypertension, and gestational diabetes and several sociodemographic factors. KEY RESULTS: Our sample included n = 12,163 women, n = 645 with a live birth in the past year. Postpartum women were younger, more likely to have Medicaid, and lived in larger families than those not postpartum. 19.8% of postpartum women faced difficulty with medical bills versus 15.1% who were not
Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease and Subsequent Development of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Recently, metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. METHODS: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into 3 groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 1744 pregnant women, including 1523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03
The effect of hepatitis B virus on the risk of pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.; BACKGROUND: The effect of HBV on neonatal and maternal outcomes can create a basis for more accurate clinical decision-making. So, the aim of this meta-analysis is to detrmine the effect of chronic hepatitis B virus on the risk of pregnancy outcomes by combining cohort studies. METHODS: International databases in this meta-analysis included the Cumulated Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), SPORT Discuss via the EBSCO interface, PubMed (Medline), Scopus, Web of Science, Embase, which were searched up to April 2023. All cohort studies reporting the risk ratio (RR) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were included in the study. The quality assessment was done based on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS). RESULTS: Finally, thirty-five cohort studies were selected for meta-analysis. Outcomes of interest included pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, abortion, preterm birth, infant death, and other related outcomes. Results showed that the pooled RR for incident gestational diabetes in pregnant women with choronic hepatitis B infection was 1.16 (RR: 1.16
Maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic disease and impacts renal health in offspring.; Obesity, together with insulin resistance, promotes multiple metabolic abnormalities and is strongly associated with an increased risk of chronic disease including type 2 diabetes (T2D), hypertension, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). The incidence of obesity continues to rise in astronomical proportions throughout the world and affects all the different stages of the lifespan. Importantly, the proportion of women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese is increasing at an alarming rate and has potential ramifications for offspring health and disease risk. Evidence suggests a strong link between the intrauterine environment and disease programming. The current review will describe the importance of the intrauterine environment in the development of metabolic disease, including kidney disease. It will detail the known mechanisms of fetal programming, including the role of epigenetic modulation. The evidence for the role of maternal obesity in the developmental programming of CKD is derived mostly from our rodent models which will be described. The clinical implication of such findings will also be discussed.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations and Liver Fat Among School-Age Children.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes seems to be associated with offspring NAFLD. We hypothesized that maternal glucose concentrations across the full range may have persistent effects on offspring liver fat accumulation. APPROACH AND RESULTS: In a multiethnic, population-based, prospective cohort study among 2,168 women and their offspring, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were measured at a median of 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% CI, 9.6-17.2). Liver fat fraction was measured at 10 years by MRI. NAFLD was defined as liver fat fraction ≥5.0%. We performed analyses among all mothers with different ethnic backgrounds and those of European ancestry only. The multiethnic group had a median maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration of 4.3 mmol/L (interquartile range, 3.9-4.9) and a 2.8% (n = 60) prevalence of NAFLD. The models adjusted for child age and sex only showed that in the multiethnic group, higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with higher liver fat accumulation and higher odds of NAFLD, but these associations attenuated into nonsignificance after adjustment for potential confounders. Among mothers of European ancestry only, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with increased odds of NAFLD (OR, 1.95
Early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children.; BACKGROUND: Research is beginning to implicate early life characteristics in the development of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, however the relationship with perinatal characteristics is poorly understood. AIMS: We evaluated the association between perinatal characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. STUDY DESIGN: Nested case-control study. SUBJECTS: 5104 children born in Quebec, Canada between 2006 and 2019. Exposures included maternal diabetes, obesity, prematurity, and other birth complications. OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcome was nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed in hospital before 14 years of age. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between birth characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. RESULTS: A total of 104 children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were included. Gestational diabetes (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.15-4.10), preexisting diabetes (OR 5.75, 95% CI 2.67-12.4), and maternal obesity (OR 3.06, 95% CI 1.71-5.45) were associated with childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Prematurity (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.06-3.54) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.10-4.33) were also associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. However, there was no association with low birthweight, small-for-gestational age birth, and macrosomia. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal metabolic disorders and prematurity may initiate processes early in life that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood.
Lipid metabolism during pregnancy and its implications for fetal growth.; More glucose crosses the placenta than any other substrate, but correlations between its concentration in maternal plasma and fetal growth are not found consistently. The accumulation of maternal fat depots and hyperlipidemia are the two principal changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy. Although lipids cross the placenta with difficulty, maternal plasma triacylglycerols (TAG) and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) correlate with fetal lipids, fetal growth and fat mass under certain conditions. In intrauterine growth restriction, impaired placental transfer of lipophilic compounds (long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipophilic vitamins) seems to underpin metabolic dysfunction and decreased birth weight. In gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), maternal TAG and NEFA levels correlate with neonatal anthropometric measures. In GDM, adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein in fetuses correlated with neonatal fat mass
The effect of bariatric surgeries on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; A review of published data addressing hepatic histopathological, metabolical, and functional changes following gastric banding, sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass surgery, and biliopancreatic with duodenal switch surgeries on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is currently the most common chronic liver disease. Owing to the strong relationship between obesity and NAFLD, the idea of weight reduction as a method to treat NAFLD has rapidly emerged. Bariatric surgery has proved to be the most efficient method for weight reduction
Associations between Circulating SELENOP Level and Disorders of Glucose and Lipid Metabolism: A Meta-Analysis.; Selenoprotein P (SELENOP) is an extracellular antioxidant, selenium transporter, and hepatokine interfering with glucose and lipid metabolism. To study the association between the circulating SELENOP concentration and glucose and lipid metabolic diseases (GLMDs), including gestational diabetes (GD), metabolic syndrome (MetS), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes, as well as the individual markers, a meta-analysis was conducted by searching multiple databases from their establishment through March 2022 and including 27 articles published between October 2010 and May 2021, involving 4033 participants. Participants with GLMDs had higher levels of SELENOP than those without GLMDs (standardized mean difference = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.16 to 1.51), and the SELENOP levels were positively correlated with the markers of GLMDs (pooled effect size = 0.09, 95% CI: 0.02 to 0.15). Subgroup analyses showed that the SELENOP concentrations were higher in women with GD and lower in individuals with MetS than their counterparts, respectively. Moreover, SELENOP was positively correlated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but not with the other markers of GLMDs. Thus, the heterogenicity derived from diseases or disease markers should be carefully considered while interpreting the overall positive association between SELENOP and GLMDs. Studies with a larger sample size and advanced design are warranted to confirm these findings.
Perinatal exposure to maternal obesity: Lasting cardiometabolic impact on offspring.; Evidence from epidemiological, clinical, and animal model studies clearly demonstrates that prenatal and lactational maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption are associated with cardiometabolic morbidity in offspring. Fetal and offspring sex may be an important effect modifier. Adverse offspring cardiometabolic outcomes observed in the setting of maternal obesity include an increased risk for obesity, features of metabolic syndrome (hypertension, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, increased adiposity), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. This review article synthesizes human and animal data linking maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption in pregnancy and lactation to adverse cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring. We review key mechanisms underlying skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, pancreatic, liver, and central brain reward programming in obesity-exposed offspring, and how such malprogramming contributes to offspring cardiometabolic morbidity.
N-acetyl-L-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnant disorder that needs careful medical attention. N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC) is a well-recognized antioxidant to treat oxidative stress-induced diseases. Although its role in GDM has been reported, the mechanism remains largely unknown. Therefore, our current study further explored its protective role against GDM. An 8-week-old, db/+, female mice were injected with a single dose of 100 mg/kg streptozotocin (STZ) to induce diabetes. Pregnant mice were randomly treated with 1200 mg/kg NAC or water daily. On gestational day 19, oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and visceral fat tissue and blood samples were collected. After delivery, litter size and weight were recorded. NAC could effectively improve GDM-induced glucose intolerance, hyperlipidemia, activated inflammation, and oxidative stress in GDM mice. Moreover, NAC reduced the litter size and weight of GDM mice. NAC also activated the nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)/heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) signaling pathway in the liver of GDM mice. NAC effectively ameliorated GDM symptoms and the reproductive outcome of GDM mice through inhibiting oxidative stress, inflammation, and hyperlipidemia. Therefore, NAC might serve as a potential candidate drug against GDM.
Health Benefits of Long-Term Weight-Loss Maintenance.; Obesity is a chronic and complex medical condition associated with a large number of complications affecting most organs and systems through multiple pathways. Strategies for weight management include behavioral, pharmacological, and surgical interventions, all of which can result in a reduction in obesity-related comorbidities and improvements in quality of life. However, subsequent weight regain often reduces the durability of these improvements. The objective of this article is to review evidence supporting the long-term effects of intentional weight loss on morbidity, mortality, quality of life, and health-care cost. Overall, considerable evidence suggests that intentional weight loss is associated with clinically relevant benefits for the majority of obesity-related comorbidities. However, the degree of weight loss that must be achieved and sustained to reap these benefits varies widely between comorbidities.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM.
Bisphenol A: What lies beneath its induced diabetes and the epigenetic modulation?; Nowadays, endocrine disrupting chemical pollution has become one of the major concerns due to the potential role of these chemicals in provoking endocrine disorders especially type 2 diabetes. As a widespread endocrine disrupting chemical, Bisphenol A, with modest estrogenic activity can exert its detrimental effects in the different organs involved in type 2 diabetes such as pancreas, liver, adipocyte and skeletal muscles. Obesity, hepatic steatosis, impaired insulin signaling and pancreatic islet function could be the main results of Bisphenol A exposure. Epigenetic dysregulations can be suggested as an important underlying mechanism for Bisphenol A toxicity in the endocrine system. The most studied genes in this respect, which are responsible for glucose homeostasis include Pdx1, Gck, Igf2, Srebf1 and Srebf2. Aberrant DNA methylation, histone demethylation and deacetylation and impaired miRNAs result in epigenetically dysfunctional genes that finally distract the normal glucose regulation. The present study aimed to summarize the general effects of prenatal and postnatal Bisphenol A exposure on glucose metabolism focusing on animal studies and review the recent investigations on Bisphenol A -induced epigenetic perturbations that affect the normal glucose and lipid homeostasis and lead to type 2 diabetes.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. METHODS: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. RESULTS: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84
Maternal obesity and metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease in pregnancy: a comprehensive narrative review.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity and metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) during pregnancy constitute significant problems for routine antenatal care, with increasing prevalence globally. Similar to obesity, MAFLD is associated with a higher risk for maternal complications (e.g. pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes) and long-term adverse health outcomes for the offspring. However, MAFLD during pregnancy is often under-recognized, with limited management/treatment options. AREAS COVERED: PubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Scopus were searched based on a search strategy for obesity and/or MAFLD in pregnancy to identify relevant papers up to 2024. This review summarizes the pertinent evidence on the relationship between maternal obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy. Key mechanisms implicated in the underlying pathophysiology linking obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance and dysregulated adipokine secretion) are highlighted. Moreover, a diagnostic approach for MAFLD diagnosis during pregnancy and its complications are presented. Finally, promising relevant areas for future research are covered. EXPERT OPINION: Research progress regarding maternal obesity, MAFLD, and their impact on maternal and fetal/offspring health is expected to improve the relevant diagnostic methods and lead to novel treatments. Thus, routine practice could apply more personalized management strategies, incorporating individualized algorithms with genetic and/or multi-biomarker profiling to guide prevention, early diagnosis, and treatment.
Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications: new challenges and clinical perspectives.; The term metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), with a global prevalence estimated at 38.77%, has gradually replaced the traditional concept of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Compared to the general population, the incidence of MAFLD is notably higher among pregnant women, posing potential risks to both maternal and neonatal health. This review summarizes the latest research on MAFLD, focusing on its association with pregnancy complications. Additionally, it provides a comparative analysis with previous studies on NAFLD, presenting a comprehensive perspective for clinical management. Findings suggest that pregnant women with MAFLD face a higher risk of gestational hypertension and cesarean delivery compared to those with NAFLD, while the risk for gestational diabetes mellitus remains similar between the two conditions. Additionally, MAFLD is associated with an increased likelihood of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants and heightened risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. Current treatment strategies for MAFLD focus on lifestyle modifications, such as dietary adjustments and increased physical activity. However, there is an urgent need for the development of safe and effective pharmacological treatments, particularly tailored toward pregnant women. Future research should delve deeper into the causal relationships between MAFLD and pregnancy complications and explore optimal therapeutic approaches to improve outcomes for mothers and their infants.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. METHODS: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. RESULTS: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82-2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32-1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74-4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48-3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31-4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57-1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88-2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12-1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38-3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22-1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12-1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25-1.85). CONCLUSION: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 19 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Fetal Growth.; Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) has been implicated in glucose homeostasis. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enhances fetal insulin secretion and fetal growth. Girls weigh less and are more insulin resistant than boys at birth. We sought to assess whether FGF19 is associated with GDM and fetal growth and explore potential sex dimorphic associations. This was a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, including 153 pairs of newborns of GDM versus euglycemic mothers matched by infant's sex and gestational age at birth. Cord plasma FGF19, insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I and IGF-II concentrations were measured. Cord plasma FGF19 concentrations were similar in GDM versus euglycemic pregnancies (mean ± SD: 43.5 ± 28.2 versus 44.5 ± 30.2 pg/mL, P=0.38). FGF19 was not correlated with IGF-I or IGF-II. FGF19 concentrations were positively correlated with birth weight (r=0.23, P=0.01) and length (r=0.21, P=0.02) z scores, C-peptide (r=0.27, P=0.002) and proinsulin (r=0.27, P=0.002) concentrations in females. Each SD increment in cord plasma FGF19 was associated with a 0.25 (0.07-0.43) increase in birth weight z score in females. In contrast, FGF19 was not correlated with birth weight or length in males. These sex dimorphic associations remained after adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics. The study is the first to demonstrate that GDM does not matter for cord blood FGF19 concentrations. The female specific positive correlation between FGF19 and birth weight is suggestive of a sex-dimorphic role of FGF19 in fetal growth. The observations call for more studies to validate the novel findings and elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Maternal Weight Management to Prevent the Developmental Programming of MAFLD in Offspring of Obese Mothers.; The global surge of obesity amongst women of reproductive age has raised concerns surrounding the health consequences for their offspring as there is a formidable link between an obesogenic maternal environment and the developmental programming of metabolic dysfunction in the offspring. Specifically, the offspring of mothers with obesity have a three-fold higher risk of developing metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) compared to the offspring of healthy-weight mothers. Given the burgeoning burden of obesity and its comorbidities, it is essential to focus research efforts on methods to alleviate the intergenerational onset of obesity and MAFLD. This review summarizes the current research surrounding the developmental programming of MAFLD in the offspring of mothers with obesity and examines the potential for weight interventions to prevent such metabolic dysfunction in the offspring. It focuses on the benefits of pre-pregnancy interventional strategies, including dietary and exercise intervention, to ameliorate adverse liver health outcomes in the offspring. The utility and translation of these interventions for humans may be difficult for prospective mothers with obesity, thus the use of pre-pregnancy therapeutic weight loss aids, such as glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, is also discussed.
Adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Obesity and hepatic steatosis are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy. Adiponectin is a fat-derived hormone that improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity. Low levels of circulating adiponectin are associated with GDM development. We hypothesised that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, contributing to the development of GDM. METHODS: To determine the role of adiponectin in fatty liver development during pregnancy, we compared pregnant (third week of pregnancy) adiponectin knockout (KO) mice (strain B6
N1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice.; N1-methylnicotinamide (MNAM), a product of methylation of nicotinamide through nicotinamide N-methyltransferase, displays antidiabetic effects in male rodents. This study aimed to evaluate the ameliorative potential of MNAM on glucose metabolism in a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) model. C57BL/6N mice were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks before pregnancy and throughout gestation to establish the GDM model. Pregnant mice were treated with 0.3% or 1% MNAM during gestation. MNAM supplementation in CHOW diet and HFD both impaired glucose tolerance at gestational day 14.5 without changes in insulin tolerance. However, MNAM supplementation reduced hepatic lipid accumulation as well as mass and inflammation in visceral adipose tissue. MNAM treatment decreased GLUT4 mRNA and protein expression in skeletal muscle, where NAD+ salvage synthesis and antioxidant defenses were dampened. The NAD+/sirtuin system was enhanced in liver, which subsequently boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis. GLUT1 protein was diminished in placenta by MNAM. In addition, weight of placenta, fetus weight, and litter size were not affected by MNAM treatment. The decreased GLUT4 in skeletal muscle, boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis and dampened GLUT1 in placenta jointly contribute to the impairment of glucose tolerance tests by MNAM. Our data provide evidence for the careful usage of MNAM in treatment of GDM.
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: A recent study has demonstrated that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease than those without GDM. In contrary to non-alcoholic fatty liver, the association of GDM with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has still not been well established in the current literature. Therefore, we aim to evaluate the association of a history of GDM and the development of NASH throughout their lives independently of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: A validated research database of more than 360 hospitals was utilized to construct this study. Adult females included were divided into two groups: those with NASH (case) and individuals without NASH (control). Regression analysis was performed to account for potential cofounders. RESULTS: There were 70 632 640 individuals above the age of 18 years screened in the database. In patients with a history of GDM, NASH was most prevalent in middle age people compared with NASH alone, which was more prevalent in people aged 65 years and above. Compared with those without, patients with NASH tend to be Caucasian (odds ratio [OR]: 2.13), obese (OR: 4.83), have a history of GDM (OR: 1.23), diagnosed with hyperlipidemia (OR: 2.59), T2DM (OR: 4.52), metabolic syndrome (OR: 3.07), polycystic ovaries disease (OR: 1.72), and hypothyroidism (OR: 1.59). CONCLUSION: We demonstrated for the first time an increased odd of developing NASH in women who have had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus throughout their lives independently of any other factors that could interfere with the results.
The impact of intrahepatic cholestasis on pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: This study analyzed the pregnancy outcomes of patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) in Hangzhou, China. METHODS: Cases of pregnant women monitored by antepartum testing at Hangzhou Women's Hospital from January 2018 to December 2020 were reviewed. Subjects were classified into two groups according to whether they had ICP: 688 cases of ICP were assigned to an exposure group while 38,556 cases of non-ICP were assigned to a non-exposed group. Univariate analysis was performed on qualitative or quantitative data using the Chi-Squared test or Mann-Whitney U test, and the adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of the two groups of related variables were calculated by multivariate binary logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The incidence rate of ICP was 1.75%. Pregnant women with hepatitis B virus were correlated with ICP. Hepatitis B carriers (aOR = 3.873), preeclampsia (PE, aOR = 3.712), thrombocytopenia (aOR = 1.992), gestational hypertension (GH, aOR = 1.627), hyperlipidemia (aOR = 1.602) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, aOR = 1.265) were all risk factors for ICP. In contrast, Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2) (aOR = 0.446), 25 m(2) < maternal BMI < 29.9 kg/m(2) (aOR = 0.699) and parity ≥ 1 (aOR = 0.722) were protective factors for ICP. Pregnant women in the ICP group had an increased risk of gestation days < 259 days (aOR = 4.574) and cesarean delivery (aOR = 1.930) after ICP, and a decreased risk of longer gestational days (aOR = 0.105), premature rupture of membranes (aOR = 0.384) and fetal macrosomia (aOR = 0.551). CONCLUSIONS: By analyzing a Chinese population with ICP, we identified that pregnant women who are hepatitis B carriers or with PE, thrombocytopenia, GH, hyperlipidemia, and GDM are at higher risk of ICP. Moreover, ICP is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes
Genome-Wide Placental Gene Methylations in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Fetal Growth and Metabolic Health Biomarkers in Cord Blood.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) "program" an elevated risk of metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Epigenetic alterations are a suspected mechanism. GDM has been associated with placental DNA methylation changes in some epigenome-wide association studies. It remains unclear which genes or pathways are affected, and whether any placental differential gene methylations are correlated to fetal growth or circulating metabolic health biomarkers. In an epigenome-wide association study using the Infinium MethylationEPIC Beadchip, we sought to identify genome-wide placental differentially methylated genes and enriched pathways in GDM, and to assess the correlations with fetal growth and metabolic health biomarkers in cord blood. The study samples were 30 pairs of term placentas in GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies (controls) matched by infant sex and gestational age at delivery in the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Cord blood metabolic health biomarkers included insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I, IGF-II, leptin and adiponectin. Adjusting for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, parity, mode of delivery and placental cell type heterogeneity, 256 differentially methylated positions (DMPs,130 hypermethylated and 126 hypomethylated) were detected between GDM and control groups accounting for multiple tests with false discovery rate <0.05 and beta-value difference >0.05. WSCD2 was identified as a differentially methylated gene in both site- and region-level analyses. We validated 7 hypermethylated (CYP1A2, GFRA1, HDAC4, LIMS2, NAV3, PAX6, UPK1B) and 10 hypomethylated (DPP10, CPLX1, CSMD2, GPR133, NRXN1, PCSK9, PENK, PRDM16, PTPRN2, TNXB) genes reported in previous epigenome-wide association studies. We did not find any enriched pathway accounting for multiple tests. DMPs in 11 genes (CYP2D7P1, PCDHB15, ERG, SIRPB1, DKK2, RAPGEF5, CACNA2D4, PCSK9, TSNARE1, CADM2, KCNAB2) were correlated with birth weight (z score) accounting for multiple tests. There were no significant correlations between placental gene methylations and cord blood biomarkers. In conclusions, GDM was associated with DNA methylation changes in a number of placental genes, but these placental gene methylations were uncorrelated to the observed metabolic health biomarkers (fetal growth factors, leptin and adiponectin) in cord blood. We validated 17 differentially methylated placental genes in GDM, and identified 11 differentially methylated genes relevant to fetal growth.
Maternal Weight Intervention in the Perinatal Period Improves Liver Health in the Offspring of Mothers with Obesity.; Early-life exposure to maternal obesity predisposes offspring to metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This study aimed to determine if peripartum weight loss, either through dietary intervention or pharmacological intervention, improved adverse liver health outcomes in the offspring of mothers with obesity. C57Bl/6 dams were fed a chow diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks. HFD-fed mice either continued HFD, transitioned to a chow diet, or were administered liraglutide for 4 weeks. Pregnancy was induced following a one-week washout of liraglutide during which all animals remained on their respective diets. A proportion of HFD-fed mice transitioned to a chow diet during pregnancy. All offspring were weaned to the HFD. Offspring anthropometric, metabolic, and hepatic outcomes were assessed at postnatal week 12. The offspring of mothers with obesity had phenotypic changes consistent with MAFLD. The offspring of mothers that had weight loss with perinatal dietary intervention had reduced insulin resistance (p < 0.001) and hepatic expression of markers of inflammation (p < 0.001), oxidative stress (p < 0.05), and fibrosis (p < 0.05). A similar phenotype was observed in the offspring of mothers with pre-pregnancy weight loss via liraglutide despite ongoing consumption of the HFD during pregnancy. All methods and timing of maternal weight intervention were effective at ameliorating adverse liver effects in the offspring.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Normal Prepregnant Weight.; CONTEXT: Existing studies focusing on the effects of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) combined with normal prepregnant weight on pregnancy outcomes are limited. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to explore the relationship between maternal NAFLD and adverse pregnancy outcomes in different body mass index (BMI) groups. METHODS: Using an antenatal care and delivery database, we retrospectively analyzed women who delivered in Minhang Hospital affiliated to Fudan University, Shanghai, China from January 1, 2013, to June 30, 2020. NAFLD was confirmed by ultrasound in early pregnancy. A logistic regression model with adjustment for confounders was used to examine potential associations between NAFLD and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 14 708 pregnant women (mean prepregnant BMI 21.0 [SD, 2.8] kg/m2) were included in our final study, of whom 554 (3.8%) had NAFLD. After fully adjusting for potential confounders, NAFLD significantly increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted odds ratio 2.477
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) after delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: It is known that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-complicated pregnancies could affect maternal cardiometabolic health after delivery, resulting in hepatic dysfunction and a heightened risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Hence, this study aims to summarise existing literature on the impact of GDM on NAFLD in mothers and investigate the intergenerational impact on NAFLD in offspring. METHODS: Using 4 databases (PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and Scopus) between January 1980 and December 2023, randomized controlled trials and observational studies that assessed the effect of maternal GDM on intergenerational liver outcomes were extracted and analysed using random-effects meta-analysis to investigate the effect of GDM on NAFLD in mothers and offspring. Pooled odds ratio (OR) was calculated using hazards ratio (HR), relative risk (RR), or OR reported from each study, with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI), and statistical heterogeneity was assessed with the Cochran Q-test and I(2) statistic, with two-sided p values. The study protocol was pre-registered on PROSPERO (CRD42023392428). FINDINGS: Twenty studies pertaining to mothers and offspring met the inclusion criteria and 12 papers were included further for meta-analysis on intergenerational NAFLD development. Compared with mothers without a history of GDM, mothers with a history of GDM had a 50% increased risk of developing NAFLD (OR 1.50
Interplay between early-life malnutrition, epigenetic modulation of the immune function and liver diseases.; Early-life nutrition plays a critical role in fetal growth and development. Food intake absence and excess are the two main types of energy malnutrition that predispose to the appearance of diseases in adulthood, according to the hypothesis of 'developmental origins of health and disease'. Epidemiological data have shown an association between early-life malnutrition and the metabolic syndrome in later life. Evidence has also demonstrated that nutrition during this period of life can affect the development of the immune system through epigenetic mechanisms. Thus, epigenetics has an essential role in the complex interplay between environmental factors and genetics. Altogether, this leads to the inflammatory response that is commonly seen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. In conjunction, DNA methylation, covalent modification of histones and the expression of non-coding RNA are the epigenetic phenomena that affect inflammatory processes in the context of NAFLD. Here, we highlight current understanding of the mechanisms underlying developmental programming of NAFLD linked to epigenetic modulation of the immune system and environmental factors, such as malnutrition.
Association between Porphyromonas Gingivalis and systemic diseases: Focus on T cells-mediated adaptive immunity.; The association between periodontal disease and systemic disease has become a research hotspot. Porphyromonas gingivalis (P. gingivalis), a crucial periodontal pathogen, affects the development of systemic diseases. The pathogenicity of P. gingivalis is largely linked to interference with the host's immunity. This review aims to discover the role of P. gingivalis in the modulation of the host's adaptive immune system through a large number of virulence factors and the manipulation of cellular immunological responses (mainly mediated by T cells). These factors may affect the cause of large numbers of systemic diseases, such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, adverse pregnancy outcomes, inflammatory bowel disease, diabetes mellitus, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and Alzheimer's disease. The point of view of adaptive immunity may provide a new idea for treating periodontitis and related systemic diseases.
RBM15 suppresses hepatic insulin sensitivity of offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus mice via m6A-mediated regulation of CLDN4.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy-specific disease with high morbidity, which is linked to a high risk of obesity and diabetes in offspring. N6-methyladenosine modification of RNA is emerging as an important epigenetic mechanism that is widely manifested in many diseases. This study aimed to investigate the mechanism of m6A methylation in metabolic syndrome in offspring result from intrauterine hyperglycemia. METHODS: GDM mice were established by feeding a high-fat diet 1 weeks before pregnancy. The m6A RNA methylation quantification kit was used to detect liver tissue methylation levels. PCR array was used to determine the expression of the m6A methylation modification enzyme. Immunohistochemistry, qRT-PCR, and western blot were used to examine the expression of RBM15, METTL13, IGF2BP1, and IGF2BP2. Subsequently, methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing combined with mRNA sequencing, followed by dot blot and glucose uptake tests, were performed. RESULTS: In this study, we found that offspring from a GDM mother were more vulnerable to glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. GC-MS revealed significant metabolic changes including saturated fatty acids and unsaturated fatty acids in liver of GDM offspring. We also demonstrated that global mRNA m6A methylation level was significantly increased in the fetal liver of GDM mice, indicating epigenetic change may have a strong relationship with the mechanism of metabolism syndrome. Concordantly, RBM15, the RNA binding methyltransferase, was upregulated in the liver. In vitro, RBM15 suppressed insulin sensitivity and increased insulin resistance through m6A-regulated epigenetic inhabitation of CLDN4. Moreover, MeRIP-sequencing and mRNA-sequencing revealed that differently regulated genes with differential m6A peaks were enriched in metabolic pathways. CONCLUSION: Our study revealed the essential role of RBM15 in insulin resistance and the effect of RBM15-regulated m6A modification in the metabolic syndrome of offspring of GDM mice.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Gestational Diabetes Sensitizes Mice to Future Metabolic Syndrome That Can Be Relieved by Activating CAR.; Diabetes and related metabolic syndrome are common metabolic disorders. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is rather prevalent in the clinic. Although most GDM resolves after therapeutic intervention and/or after delivery, the long-term health effect of GDM remains to be better understood. The constitutive androstane receptor (CAR), initially characterized as a xenobiotic receptor, was more recently proposed to be a therapeutic target for obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this study, high-fat diet (HFD) feeding was used to induce GDM. Upon delivery, GDM mice were returned to chow diet until the metabolic parameters were normalized. Parous non-GDM control females or metabolically normalized GDM females were then subjected to HFD feeding to induce nongestational obesity and T2DM. Our results showed that GDM sensitized mice to metabolic abnormalities induced by a second hit of HFD. Treatment with the CAR agonist 1,4-bis [2-(3,5 dichloropyridyloxy)] benzene efficiently attenuated GDM-sensitized and HFD-induced obesity and T2DM, including decreased body weight, improved insulin sensitivity, inhibition of hyperglycemia and hepatic steatosis, increased oxygen consumption, and decreased adipocyte hypertrophy. In conclusion, our results have established GDM as a key risk factor for the future development of metabolic disease. We also propose that CAR is a therapeutic target for the management of metabolic disease sensitized by GDM.
The long-term metabolic and neurocognitive risks in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Previous studies have evaluated long-term metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in offspring of women with diabetes. However, many studies did not differentiate between different types of diabetes. We aimed to specifically evaluate both metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (OT1D). METHODS: We conducted an extensive literature search on PubMed between February 2020 and September 2020. We performed a scoping review including 12 retrospective cohort studies, 15 prospective cohort studies, one case-control study and one cross-sectional study, comparing long-term metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes between OT1D and a control group. RESULTS: OT1D had a higher body mass index and an increased risk for overweight and obesity compared to offspring of mothers without diabetes. A limited number of studies showed a higher risk for (pre)diabetes, higher rates of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome in OT1D. Index offspring had in general similar intelligence and academic achievement as control children but a higher risk for attention deficit and hyperactivity disorders. Data were conflicting concerning the increased risk for autism spectrum disorders. There is limited evidence suggesting that female offspring have more often unfavorable metabolic parameters, while male offspring are more at risk for hyperactivity/impulsivity. CONCLUSION: Maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of several metabolic complications and neurobehavioral disorders in the offspring. Increased attention for long-term complications in this population is needed. Further research is needed to evaluate whether improved glycemic control in pregnancy can reduce these long-term complications.
Role of placental fibrinogen-like protein 1 in gestational diabetes.; In view of the increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the increased risks of delivering a macrosomic infant, developing preeclampsia, and suffering a perinatal death due to GDM, GDM has emerged as a growing public health problem. Although the placenta was suggested to play a crucial role in the pathology of GDM, the mechanisms that induce the development of GDM are still obscure. Fibrinogen-like protein (FGL)-1 is a hepatokine that plays an important role in hepatogenesis, as well as in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and diabetes. Although FGL-1 is also expressed by the placenta, the pathophysiological role of FGL-1 in GDM is still unknown. In this study, FGL-1 levels were evaluated in 45 subjects with (n = 16) or without (n = 29) GDM. We found that FGL-1 was mainly expressed by placental trophoblasts, and FGL-1 expression was significantly higher in subjects with GDM. FGL-1 increased trophoblast proliferation through an extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2-dependent pathway. In addition, plasma concentrations of FGL-1 were higher in subjects with GDM, and the increased circulating FGL-1 might contribute to systemic insulin resistance. FGL-1 disrupted the gluconeogenic action of insulin in HepG2 cells, and decreased insulin-induced glucose uptake by L6 myotubes. Taken together, placental FGL-1 possibly plays a role in the impairment of insulin function in the development of GDM, and it might be a novel biomarker for diagnosing GDM.
Metabolic profiling of gestational diabetes in obese women during pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Antenatal obesity and associated gestational diabetes (GDM) are increasing worldwide. While pre-existing insulin resistance is implicated in GDM in obese women, the responsible metabolic pathways remain poorly described. Our aim was to compare metabolic profiles in blood of obese pregnant women with and without GDM 10 weeks prior to and at the time of diagnosis by OGTT. METHODS: We investigated 646 women, of whom 198 developed GDM, in this prospective cohort study, a secondary analysis of UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), a multicentre randomised controlled trial of a complex lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women. Multivariate regression analyses adjusted for multiple testing, and accounting for appropriate confounders including study intervention, were performed to compare obese women with GDM with obese non-GDM women. We measured 163 analytes in serum, plasma or whole blood, including 147 from a targeted NMR metabolome, at time point 1 (mean gestational age 17 weeks 0 days) and time point 2 (mean gestational age 27 weeks 5 days, at time of OGTT) and compared them between groups. RESULTS: Multiple significant differences were observed in women who developed GDM compared with women without GDM (false discovery rate corrected p values <0.05). Most were evident prior to diagnosis. Women with GDM demonstrated raised lipids and lipoprotein constituents in VLDL subclasses, greater triacylglycerol enrichment across lipoprotein particles, higher branched-chain and aromatic amino acids and different fatty acid, ketone body, adipokine, liver and inflammatory marker profiles compared with those without GDM. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Among obese pregnant women, differences in metabolic profile, including exaggerated dyslipidaemia, are evident at least 10 weeks prior to a diagnosis of GDM in the late second trimester.
Implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead.; Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, affects one in six pregnancies globally and significantly increases a woman's lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Being a relatively young group, women with GDM are also at higher risk of developing diabetes related complications (e.g., cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) later in life. Children of women with GDM are also likely to develop GDM and this perpetuates a cycle of diabetes, escalating our current pandemic of metabolic disease. The global prevalence of GDM has now risen by more than 30% over the last two decades, making it an emerging public health concern. Antepartum management of maternal glucose is unable to fully mitigate the associated lifetime cardiometabolic risk. Thus, efforts may need to focus on improving care for women with GDM during the postpartum period where prevention or therapeutic strategies could be implemented to attenuate progression of GDM to DM and its associated vascular complications. However, strategies to provide care for women in the postpartum period often showed disappointing results. This has led to a missed opportunity to halt the progression of impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose to DM in women with GDM. In this review, we examined the challenges in the management of women with GDM after delivery and considered how each of these challenges are defined and could present as a gap in translating evidence to clinical care. We highlighted challenges related to postpartum surveillance, postpartum glucose testing strategies, postpartum risk factor modification, and problems encountered in engagement of patients/providers to implement interventions strategies in women with GDM after delivery. We reasoned that a multisystem approach is needed to address these challenges and to retard progression to DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with GDM pregnancies. This is very much needed to pave way for an improved, precise, culturally sensitive and wholistic care for women with GDM.
Prevalence of at-risk NASH and its association with metabolic syndrome in US adults with NAFLD, 2017-2018.; Patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) have a higher risk for NASH and significant fibrosis. Presence of NASH and advanced fibrosis are associated with adverse outcomes in patients with NAFLD. Using a noninvasive method, we determined the prevalence of at-risk NASH and its association with MetS components in a large population-based analysis. We used the 2017-2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey and included adults ≥18 years with NAFLD (controlled attenuation parameter ≥274 dB/m). Pregnancy, subjects with other causes of liver disease or missing data were excluded. FibroScan-AST (FAST) score was calculated using aspartate aminotransferase, liver stiffness measurement, and controlled attenuation parameter. Patients with a FAST score >0.35 were considered to have at-risk NASH, defined as NASH with NAFLD activity score ≥4 and fibrosis stage ≥2 on liver biopsy. The sample included 687 patients. The overall prevalence of at-risk NASH was 11.6% (95% CI: 8.8-15.1) and was higher in males than females (15.8% vs. 6.5%
Paediatric Obesity Evaluation for Metabolic Susceptibility (POEMS).; INTRODUCTION: Our aim was to determine whether there are risk factors which increase the risk of developing dysglycemia in a child who has increased body mass index (BMI) (overweight/obese). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 715 children who had increased BMI (overweight/obese). They presented to tertiary care at KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Singapore, for metabolic risk assessment. Subjects who had more than one oral glucose tolerance test were included in order to track and analyze risk factors associated with worsening glycemic status from a previously normal glucose tolerance, impaired fasting glucose, or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) state. Demographic characteristics, birth history, family history of metabolic syndrome, metabolic comorbidities, and interventions received were recorded. Statistical analysis was performed to determine odds ratio (OR) of worsening glycemic status progression in association with an analyzed variable, adjusted for intervention received. RESULTS: Risk factors of developing dysglycemia can be present right from birth, as participants who were born preterm had increased odds of IGT (OR: 3.49 (1.10 to 11.03)), and a greater proportion of large-for-gestational-age (LGA)/small-for-gestational-age (SGA) babies had dysglycemia (SGA-IGT: 8.8%, SGA-diabetes mellitus (DM): 5.9%, LGA-IGT: 10.6%, LGA-DM: 11.8%) even at baseline. Being born preterm (OR: 3.49 (1.10 to 11.03)), with comorbidities of hypertension (OR: 1.61 (1.01 to 2.57)), hyperlipidemia (OR: 1.80 (1.19 to 2.72)), and fatty liver disease (OR: 2.08 (1.39 to 3.13)), was significantly associated with an increased OR of developing IGT. Risk factors for developing a worsening glycemic status, either to IGT or DM, included age >10 years (OR 4.94 (1.21 to 20.25)), BMI rise (OR 1.71 (1.17 to 2.49)), BMI increase >1.08 kg/m(2) (OR 1.71 (1.16 to 2.51)), comorbidities of hyperlipidemia (OR 1.67 (1.12 to 2.50)), and fatty liver disease (OR 2.11 (1.43 to 3.12)). CONCLUSIONS: A child who has increased BMI (overweight/obese) and possesses risk factors for worsening glycemic status, if intervened with routine lifestyle modification advice, may still have increased risk of developing dysglycemia and type 2 DM. Therefore, understanding their risk profile provides opportunities to have a tiered and individualized approach.
The Impact of the Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor on Antenatal Chemical Exposure-Induced Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Programming.; Early life exposure lays the groundwork for the risk of developing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic (CKM) syndrome in adulthood. Various environmental chemicals to which pregnant mothers are commonly exposed can disrupt fetal programming, leading to a wide range of CKM phenotypes. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) has a key role as a ligand-activated transcription factor in sensing these environmental chemicals. Activating AHR through exposure to environmental chemicals has been documented for its adverse impacts on cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, kidney disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, as evidenced by both epidemiological and animal studies. In this review, we compile current human evidence and findings from animal models that support the connection between antenatal chemical exposures and CKM programming, focusing particularly on AHR signaling. Additionally, we explore potential AHR modulators aimed at preventing CKM syndrome. As the pioneering review to present evidence advocating for the avoidance of toxic chemical exposure during pregnancy and deepening our understanding of AHR signaling, this has the potential to mitigate the global burden of CKM syndrome in the future.
Trend research of vitamin D receptor: Bibliometric analysis.; Studies on vitamin D receptor (VDR) and its association with multiple disorders are expanding. This bibliometric study aims to find and summarize VDR-related publications, and compare them across various countries, organizations, and journals to demonstrate trends in VDR research. VOSviewer and Excel 2019 were used to classify and summarize Web of Science articles from 1900 to mid-2021. Total records of 8762 articles were analyzed, and maps of co-citations bibliometric keywords co-occurrence were designed. In conclusion, relative research interest and published papers related to VDR were growing in the past 30 years. The United States of America dominates the research regarding VDR. The highest quality of VDR research was achieved by the University of California System, University of Wisconsin System, and Harvard University. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol, PLoS One, and J Biol Chem are the leading three productive journals on VDR. Various aspects of vitamin D deficiency associated disorders and genetic studies regarding VDR, including single nucleotide polymorphism, gene variants, epigenome, long non-coding ribonucleic acid (lncRNA), and small nucleolar RNA host gene 6 are potentially the recent research hotspot in this field. Moreover, coronavirus disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, gut microbiota, gestational diabetes, systemic sclerosis, and chemoresistance are the trending medical conditions associated with VDR.
Fructose, pregnancy and later life impacts.; Fructose is an increasingly common constituent of the Westernized diet due to cost and production efficiencies. Although an integral component of our pre-industrial revolution diet, over the past two decades human and animal studies have highlighted that excessive fructose intake appears to be associated with adverse metabolic effects. Excessive intake of fructose is the combined result of increased total energy consumption and increased portion sizes of foods, which often incorporate the fructose-containing sugars sucrose and high-fructose corn-syrup (HFCS). The adverse metabolic effects following excessive fructose consumption have become a hot topic in mainstream media and there is now rigorous scientific debate regarding periods of exposure, dosage levels, interactive effects with other sugars and fats and mechanisms underlying the actions of fructose. There is still a degree of controversy regarding the extent to which sugars such as sucrose and HFCS have contributed to the current epidemic of obesity and diabetes. Furthermore, an increasing number of infants are being exposed to sugar-sweetened food and beverages before birth and during early postnatal life, highlighting the importance of determining the long-term effects of this perinatal exposure on the developing offspring. There are limited human observational and controlled studies identifying associations of excessive sweetened food and beverage consumption with poor pregnancy outcomes. Animal research has demonstrated an increased incidence of gestational diabetes as well as altered maternal, fetal and offspring metabolic function, although the long-term effects and the mechanism underlying these perturbations are ill defined. This review aims to understand the role of early life fructose exposure in modifying postnatal risk of disease in the offspring, focusing on fructose intake during pregnancy and in early postnatal life.
Sex-specific effects of maternal metformin intervention during glucose-intolerant obese pregnancy on body composition and metabolic health in aged mouse offspring.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregnancies complicated by pregestational type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome but data regarding long-term offspring outcome are lacking in both human studies and animal models. Using a mouse model, this study investigated the effects of maternal metformin intervention during obese glucose-intolerant pregnancy on adiposity, hepatic steatosis and markers of metabolic health of male and female offspring up to the age of 12 months. METHODS: C57BL/6J female mice were weaned onto either a control diet (Con) or, to induce pre-conception obesity, an obesogenic diet (Ob). The respective diets were maintained throughout pregnancy and lactation. These obese dams were then randomised to the untreated group or to receive 300 mg/kg oral metformin hydrochloride treatment (Ob-Met) daily during pregnancy. In male and female offspring, body weights and body composition were measured from 1 month until 12 months of age, when serum and tissues were collected for investigation of adipocyte cellularity (histology), adipose tissue inflammation (histology and quantitative RT-PCR), and hepatic steatosis and fibrosis (histochemistry and modified Folch assay). RESULTS: At 12 months of age, male Ob and Ob-Met offspring showed increased adiposity, adipocyte hypertrophy, elevated expression of proinflammatory genes, hyperleptinaemia and hepatic lipid accumulation compared with Con offspring. Male Ob-Met offspring failed to show hyperplasia between 8 weeks and 12 months, indicative of restricted adipose tissue expansion, resulting in increased immune cell infiltration and ectopic lipid deposition. Female Ob offspring were relatively protected from these phenotypes but Ob-Met female offspring showed increased adiposity, adipose tissue inflammation, hepatic lipid accumulation, hyperleptinaemia and hyperinsulinaemia compared with Con female offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Maternal metformin treatment of obese dams increased offspring metabolic risk factors in a sex- and age-dependent manner. These observations highlight the importance of following up offspring of both sexes beyond early adulthood after interventions during pregnancy. Our findings illustrate the complexity of balancing short-term benefits to mother and child vs any potential long-term metabolic effects on the offspring when prescribing therapeutic agents that cross the placenta.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. METHODS: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. RESULTS: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. CONCLUSION: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics underlying the link between early-life nutrition and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Early-life malnutrition plays a critical role in foetal development and predisposes to metabolic diseases later in life, according to the concept of 'developmental programming'. Different types of early nutritional imbalance, including undernutrition, overnutrition and micronutrient deficiency, have been related to long-term metabolic disorders. Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that disturbances in nutrition during the period of preconception, pregnancy and primary infancy can affect mitochondrial function and epigenetic mechanisms. Moreover, even though multiple mechanisms underlying non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been described, in the past years, special attention has been given to mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetic alterations. Mitochondria play a key role in cellular metabolic functions. Dysfunctional mitochondria contribute to oxidative stress, insulin resistance and inflammation. Epigenetic mechanisms have been related to alterations in genes involved in lipid metabolism, fibrogenesis, inflammation and tumorigenesis. In accordance, studies have reported that mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics linked to early-life nutrition can be important contributing factors in the pathogenesis of NAFLD. In this review, we summarise the current understanding of the interplay between mitochondrial dysfunction, epigenetics and nutrition during early life, which is relevant to developmental programming of NAFLD.
Autoimmune Hepatitis and Obstetrical Outcomes: A Nationwide Assessment.; INTRODUCTION: Previous research identified AIH as linked to unfavorable obstetrical outcomes in a US nationwide retrospective study from 2012-2016. Our aim is to update the literature and strengthen the AIH-pregnancy outcomes relationship. METHODS: Using the National Inpatient Sample database in the US, from 2016 to 2020, we compared pregnant females with a diagnosis of AIH to those with and without other chronic liver diseases (CLD), using ICD-10-CM codes. Baseline characteristics were analyzed using T-test and Chi-Square, and multivariate regression was used to estimate the differences in maternal outcomes adjusted for age, race, insurance status, geographical location, hospital characteristics, and comorbid conditions. RESULTS: Out of 19,392,328 hospitalizations for pregnant females ≥ 18 years old from 2016 to 2020, 1095 had AIH, 179,655 had CLD, and 19,206,696 had no CLD. No mortality was observed among individuals with AIH. When compared to individuals without CLD, AIH was associated with an 82% increase in the odds of preterm delivery (AIH: 8% vs. Without CLD: 5%, adjusted Odds Ratio = 1.82, 95% CI 1.06-3.14), with no significant differences in gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive complications, and postpartum hemorrhage, and a 0.6 day longer hospital stay. Furthermore, there were no significant differences in outcomes between AIH and CLD. CONCLUSIONS: Our study reinforces the association of AIH with adverse obstetrical outcomes (e.g., preterm delivery), however, we found that there is no difference in GDM and hypertensive complications, as suggested in prior studies. Therefore, further investigations are needed to clarify the association between AIH and these obstetrical complications.
Neuroendocrine and endocrine dysfunction in the hyperinsulinemic PCOS patient: the role of metformin.; Metformin is a widely used and extensively studied insulin sensitising drug for the treatment of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with various actions in tissues responding to insulin that include the liver, skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, the endothelium of blood vessels, and the ovaries. Treatment of PCOS women with metformin has been shown to reduce fasting glucose levels, blood pressure, and serum androgens
History of Gestational Diabetes and Incident Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Kangbuk Samsung Health Study.; INTRODUCTION: We examined the relationship between a previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) and risk of incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and investigated the effect of insulin resistance or development of diabetes as mediators of any association. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of 64,397 Korean parous women without NAFLD. The presence of and the severity of NAFLD at baseline and follow-up were assessed using liver ultrasonography. Cox proportional hazards models were used to determine adjusted hazard ratios for incident NAFLD according to a self-reported GDM history, adjusting for confounders as time-dependent variables. Mediation analyses were performed to examine whether diabetes or insulin resistance may mediate the association between pGDM and incident NAFLD. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 3.7 years, 6,032 women developed incident NAFLD (of whom 343 had moderate-to-severe NAFLD). Multivariable adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) comparing women with time-dependent pGDM with the reference group (no pGDM) were 1.46 (1.33-1.59) and 1.75 (1.25-2.44) for incident overall NAFLD and moderate-to-severe NAFLD, respectively. These associations remained significant in analyses restricted to women with normal fasting glucose <100 mg/dL or that excluded women with prevalent diabetes at baseline or incident diabetes during follow-up. Diabetes and insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance) each mediated <10% of the association between pGDM and overall NAFLD development. DISCUSSION: A previous history of GDM is an independent risk factor for NAFLD development. Insulin resistance, measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance, and development of diabetes each explained only <10% of the association between GDM and incident NAFLD.
Effect of Galactooligosaccharide on PPARs/PI3K/Akt Pathway and Gut Microbiota in High-Fat and High-Sugar Diet Combined with STZ-Induced GDM Rat Model.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder, characterized by underlying glucose intolerance, diabetes onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy. Galactooligosaccharide (GOS) is essential for consumer protection as food supplementation. However, there is limited understanding of the effects of GOS on GDM. We successfully established a GDM rat model to explore GOS whether participated in PPARs/PI3K/Akt pathway and gut microbiota metabolites to treat for GDM. In this study, compared with the GDM group, GOS administration lowered the levels of TG, LDL-C, and HDL-C in rat serum, as well as improved the pathological changes pancreatic, liver, and kidney tissues. Compared with the GDM group, the protein expressions of PPARα, PPARγ, and PPARβ/δ markedly enhanced in GOS-treated groups (P < 0.01). Moreover, GOS administration upregulated the protein expressions of PPARα, PPARβ, PPARγ, PI3K, Akt, GLUT4, Bax, and Bcl2. GOS administration altered gut microbiota metabolites, including both SCFAs and BAs. Correlation analysis revealed close relationships between gut microbiota and experimental indicators. This study indicated that GOS effectively improved GDM in rats through the modulation of PPARs/PI3K/Akt pathway and gut microbiota. Thus, the GOS could be recommended as a candidate for novel therapy of GDM.
Association between hepatitis B virus replication during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The effect of hepatitis B virus (HBV) replication during pregnancy on the outcomes of pregnancies remains to be elucidated. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to investigate the association between HBV replication and adverse maternal and infant outcomes. METHODS: We retrospectively analysed the clinical data of 836 pregnant inpatients with hepatitis B surface antigen positivity who delivered at two provincial tertiary grade A hospitals in the Fujian province between June 2016 and October 2020. RESULTS: The incidence of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, hypertensive syndrome complicating pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, macrosomia, growth restriction, and vaginal infections did not differ in the HBV replication and non-replication groups (p > 0.05)
The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in women diagnosed with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: To further explore the relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by determining the prevalence of GDM in women diagnosed with NAFLD antepartum. METHODS: Electronic databases were searched using specific keywords. Original studies of adult women reporting NAFLD (confirmed on imaging) and GDM (confirmed via oral glucose tolerance test) prevalence were included. Studies involving women with pre-gestational pre-diabetes, type 1/type 2 diabetes, chronic liver disease/cirrhosis unrelated to NAFLD were excluded. The prevalence of GDM occurring in women with NAFLD was calculated along with pooled odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using the random effects model. RESULTS: Seven studies (total 2299 participants) were included. The prevalence of GDM in women with NAFLD was 26.0% (95% CI 20.9-31.7%, I(2) = 48%, τ(2) = 0.06). The odds of having GDM were 2.9 times higher in pregnant women diagnosed with NAFLD compared with non-NAFLD women, although a high degree of heterogeneity existed (unadjusted OR 2.9, 95% CI 1.0-8.4, I(2) = 81%, τ(2) = 0.83, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Our study provides further insight into the prevalence of GDM in pregnant women diagnosed with NAFLD. There is a current lack of well-conducted studies examining this complex association between NAFLD and GDM.
The metabolic syndrome: common origins of a multifactorial disorder.; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a combination of cardiometabolic risk determinants including obesity (central adiposity), insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidaemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hypertension. MetS is rapidly increasing in prevalence worldwide as a consequence of the continued obesity "epidemic", and as a result will have a considerable impact on the global incidence of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is debate concerning whether the risk of cardiovascular disease is greater in patients diagnosed with MetS than that of the sum of the individual risk factors. At present, no unifying origin that can explain the pathogenesis of MetS has been identified and therefore no unique pharmacological treatment is available. This review summarises and critically evaluates the current clinical and scientific evidence supporting the existence of MetS as a multifactorial endocrine disease, for which maternal nutrition may be a common pathogenic mechanism. In addition, we suggest that ectopic fat accumulation (such as visceral and hepatic fat accumulation) and the proinflammatory state are central to the development of the MetS.
Adipose tissue-liver cross-talk: a route to hepatic dysfunction in pregnant women with obesity.; Obesity during pregnancy has been escalating, becoming a huge problem that poses consequences not only for the health of the offspring but also for the maternal well-being. Women's adipose and hepatic tissue metabolism undergoes significant changes during the gestational period. During pregnancy, obesity is a primary instigator of steatosis, increasing the risk of non-alcholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), now recognized under the updated nomenclature metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Pregnant women with obesity present higher levels of free fatty acids and glucose, reduction in insulin sensitivity, and adipose tissue endocrine dysregulation. Furthermore, obesity-induced modifications in clock genes and lipid-associated gene expression within adipose tissue disrupt crucial metabolic adaptations, potentially culminating in adipose tissue dysfunction. Thus, the liver experiences increased exposure to free fatty acids through the portal vein. Higher uptake of free fatty acids into the liver disrupts hepatic lipid oxidation while enhances lipogenesis, thereby predisposing to ectopic fat deposition within the liver. This review focuses on the obesity-induced changes during pregnancy in both liver and adipose tissue metabolism, elucidating how the metabolic crosstalk between these two organs can be dysregulated in pregnant women living with obesity.
Association between gestational cannabis exposure and maternal, perinatal, placental, and childhood outcomes.; Globally, the availability and formulations for the administration of cannabis are changing with decriminalization or legalization of recreational use in some jurisdictions, and the prescription of cannabis also occurring. These changes are likely to affect the prevalence of use, including by women of childbearing age. The effects of in utero and infant alcohol and tobacco exposure are well-documented, but the outcomes of cannabis exposure are less certain. The content of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of cannabis has progressively increased over several decades. This review explores the limited knowledge surrounding the epidemiology of gestational and postnatal cannabis exposure and implications for the mother-placenta-fetus/neonate triad. We examine cannabis' effects from antenatal and lactation exposure on (a) pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, (b) placental health, and (c) longer term cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risks and outcomes. Though definitive outcomes are lacking, gestational cannabis has been associated with increased risk of other substance use during pregnancy
Maternal obesogenic diet enhances cholestatic liver disease in offspring.; Human and animal model data show that maternal obesity promotes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring and alters bile acid (BA) homeostasis. Here we investigated whether offspring exposed to maternal obesogenic diets exhibited greater cholestatic injury. We fed female C57Bl6 mice conventional chow (CON) or high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet and then bred them with lean males. Offspring were fed 3,5-diethoxycarbonyl-1,4-dihydrocollidine (DDC) for 2 weeks to induce cholestasis, and a subgroup was then fed CON for an additional 10 days. Additionally, to evaluate the role of the gut microbiome, we fed antibiotic-treated mice cecal contents from CON or HF/HS offspring, followed by DDC for 2 weeks. We found that HF/HS offspring fed DDC exhibited increased fine branching of the bile duct (ductular reaction) and fibrosis but did not differ in BA pool size or intrahepatic BA profile compared to offspring of mice fed CON. We also found that after 10 days recovery, HF/HS offspring exhibited sustained ductular reaction and periportal fibrosis, while lesions in CON offspring were resolved. In addition, cecal microbiome transplant from HF/HS offspring donors worsened ductular reaction, inflammation, and fibrosis in mice fed DDC. Finally, transfer of the microbiome from HF/HS offspring replicated the cholestatic liver injury phenotype. Taken together, we conclude that maternal HF/HS diet predisposes offspring to increased cholestatic injury after DDC feeding and delays recovery after returning to CON diets. These findings highlight the impact of maternal obesogenic diet on hepatobiliary injury and repair pathways during experimental cholestasis.
Fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy - An observational cohort study.; AIMS: Non-invasive hepatic steatosis indices can be used to assess the risk for metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This may be helpful to detect metabolic disorders in pregnancy, specifically gestational diabetes (GDM). We aimto examine the association of these indices with parameters of glucose metabolism. METHODS: 109 women underwent a metabolic characterization at 16 weeks of gestation andwere classified according to the fatty-liver index (FLI) andhepatic-steatosis index (HSI) into low (G1), intermediate (G2) and high risk (G3). At 26 weeks, participants received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to assess insulin action, β-cell function and GDM status. RESULTS: Both MAFLD indices wereassociated with impaired insulin sensitivityand compensatory increase of insulin release. G3 groups showedimpaired insulin action. The higher circulating insulin concentrations were not able to compensate for insulin resistance in women with higher MAFLD scores, resulting in an increased risk of GDM(OR: 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.08, p < 0.001 for FLI). MAFLD scores were associated with fetal overgrowth. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal MAFLD represents a high-risk obstetric condition. Hepatic steatosis indices are associated with impaired glucose regulation and may provide a useful tool for early risk assessment for impaired glucose metabolism.
Impact of Transgenerational Nutrition on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Development: Interplay between Gut Microbiota, Epigenetics and Immunity.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the most prevalent pediatric liver disorder, primarily attributed to dietary shifts in recent years. NAFLD is characterized by the accumulation of lipid species in hepatocytes, leading to liver inflammation that can progress to steatohepatitis, fibrosis, and cirrhosis. Risk factors contributing to NAFLD encompass genetic variations and metabolic disorders such as obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Moreover, transgenerational influences, resulting in an imbalance of gut microbial composition, epigenetic modifications, and dysregulated hepatic immune responses in offspring, play a pivotal role in pediatric NAFLD development. Maternal nutrition shapes the profile of microbiota-derived metabolites in offspring, exerting significant influence on immune system regulation and the development of metabolic syndrome in offspring. In this review, we summarize recent evidence elucidating the intricate interplay between gut microbiota, epigenetics, and immunity in fetuses exposed to maternal nutrition, and its impact on the onset of NAFLD in offspring. Furthermore, potential therapeutic strategies targeting this network are also discussed.
Maternal exposure to phenanthrene during gestation disturbs glucose homeostasis in adult mouse offspring.; Epidemiological studies have indicated that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons were related to diabetes and insulin resistance. However, studies in mammals on the development of diabetes caused by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are lacking. Pregnant mice were orally exposed to phenanthrene (0, 60 and 600 μg kg(-1) body weight) once every 3 days during gestation. In adult mouse offspring, in-utero phenanthrene exposure caused glucose intolerance and decreased insulin levels in females, while caused elevated fasting blood glucose and insulin levels in males. Serum resistin and interleukin-6 levels were elevated in offspring of both sexes. Serum adiponectin levels were decreased in females but increased in males. The insulin receptor signals were upregulated in the liver and downregulated in the skeletal muscle of F1 females, while they were inhibited in both tissues of F1 males. The visceral fat weight and body weight of the treated mice were not increased, suggesting that phenanthrene is not an obesogen, which is supported by the nonsignificant alteration in pparγ transcription in visceral adipose tissue. The transcription of retn in visceral adipose tissue was upregulated in both sexes, and that of adipoq was downregulated in females but upregulated in males, which were matched with the promoter methylation levels of these genes. The results indicated that phenanthrene exposure during gestation could disturb adipocytokine levels via epigenetic modification in adult offspring, and further influence glucose metabolism. These results might be helpful for understanding nonobesogenic pollutant-induced insulin resistance and preventing against diabetes without obesity.
The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors under epigenetic control in placental metabolism and fetal development.; The placental metabolism can adapt to the environment throughout pregnancy to both the demands of the fetus and the signals from the mother. Such adaption processes include epigenetic mechanisms, which alter gene expression and may influence the offspring's health. These mechanisms are linked to the diversity of prenatal environmental exposures, including maternal under- or overnutrition or gestational diabetes. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are nuclear receptors that contribute to the developmental plasticity of the placenta by regulating lipid and glucose metabolism pathways, including lipogenesis, steroidogenesis, glucose transporters, and placental signaling pathways, thus representing a link between energy metabolism and reproduction. Among the PPAR isoforms, PPARγ appears to be the main modulator of mammalian placentation. Certain fatty acids and lipid-derived moieties are the natural activating PPAR ligands. By controlling the amounts of maternal nutrients that go across to the fetus, the PPARs play an important regulatory role in placenta metabolism, thereby adapting to the maternal nutritional status. As demonstrated in animal studies, maternal nutrition during gestation can exert long-term influences on the PPAR methylation pattern in offspring organs. This review underlines the current state of knowledge on the relationship between environmental factors and the epigenetic regulation of the PPARs in placenta metabolism and offspring development.
[Acute fatty liver of pregnancy].; BACKGROUND: Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a rare complication of pregnancy which is potentially fatal to mother and child. CASE DESCRIPTION: A primigravida at term with gestational diabetes presented at hospital complaining mainly of nausea and vomiting. Test results were consistent with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). Due to the seriousness and rapid progression of the disease, we strove for a rapid delivery. The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit, but was eventually able to leave hospital in a good condition with a healthy child. CONCLUSION: AFLP is a rare and potentially dangerous condition of pregnancy and requires multidisciplinary collaboration. Knowledge of clinical symptoms, early diagnosis, treatment and anticipation of expected complications is essential to prevent the death of mother and child. Diabetes gravidarum can complicate the making of the diagnosis. More research into potential early diagnostics or screening instruments and the long-term outcomes for mother and child is necessary.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. METHODS: Using weighted discharge data from the US national inpatient sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLDs) or no CLD. Study outcomes included preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. RESULTS: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p <0.001). Compared to the other groups, patients with NAFLD during pregnancy more frequently experienced gestational diabetes (7-8% vs. 23%), hypertensive complications (4% vs. 16%), postpartum hemorrhage (3-5% vs. 6%), and preterm birth (5-7% vs. 9%), all p values ≤0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage and possibly maternal (but not fetal) death. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and preterm birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care. LAY SUMMARY: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy has almost tripled over the past 10 years. Having NAFLD during pregnancy increases risks for both the mother and the baby, including hypertensive complications of pregnancy, bleeding after delivery, and preterm birth. Thus, pre-conception counseling is warranted with consideration of high-risk obstetric management among women with NAFLD in pregnancy.
Effect of intrauterine growth retardation on liver and long-term metabolic risk.; Intrauterine growth retardation predisposes toward long-term morbidity from type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the concept of programming was introduced to indicate a process whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical period of development has lasting or lifelong consequences on key endocrine and metabolic pathways. Subtle changes in cell composition of tissues, induced by suboptimal conditions in utero, can influence postnatal physiological functions. There is increasing evidence, suggesting that liver may represent one of the candidate organs targeted by programming, undergoing structural, functional and epigenetic changes following exposure to an unfavorable intrauterine environment. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying liver programming that contribute to increase the cardiometabolic risk in subjects with intrauterine growth restriction.
Adiponectin Deficiency Impairs Maternal Metabolic Adaptation to Pregnancy in Mice.; Hypoadiponectinemia has been widely observed in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To investigate the causal role of hypoadiponectinemia in GDM, adiponectin gene knockout (Adipoq(-/-) ) and wild-type (WT) mice were crossed to produce pregnant mouse models with or without adiponectin deficiency. Adenoviral vector-mediated in vivo transduction was used to reconstitute adiponectin during late pregnancy. Results showed that Adipoq(-/-) dams developed glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia in late pregnancy. Increased fetal body weight was detected in Adipoq(-/-) dams. Adiponectin reconstitution abolished these metabolic defects in Adipoq(-/-) dams. Hepatic glucose and triglyceride production rates of Adipoq(-/-) dams were significantly higher than those of WT dams. Robustly enhanced lipolysis was found in gonadal fat of Adipoq(-/-) dams. Interestingly, similar levels of insulin-induced glucose disposal and insulin signaling in metabolically active tissues in Adipoq(-/-) and WT dams indicated that maternal adiponectin deficiency does not reduce insulin sensitivity. However, remarkably decreased serum insulin concentrations were observed in Adipoq(-/-) dams. Furthermore, β-cell mass, but not glucose-stimulated insulin release, in Adipoq(-/-) dams was significantly reduced compared with WT dams. Together, these results demonstrate that adiponectin plays an important role in controlling maternal metabolic adaptation to pregnancy.
Maternal One-Carbon Supplement Reduced the Risk of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Male Offspring.; Recent studies have suggested that prevention of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) should start with maternal dietary management. We previously reported disrupted methionine cycle, associated with NAFLD, in male offspring liver due to maternal high-fat (HF) diet, thus we hypothesize that maternal one-carbon supplement may reduce the risk of NAFLD in offspring via the normalizing methionine cycle. To test it, female mice (F0) were exposed to either a maternal normal-fat diet (NF group) a maternal HF diet (HF group), or a maternal methyl donor supplement (H1S or H2S group) during gestation and lactation. The offspring male mice (F1) were exposed to a postweaning HF diet to promote NAFLD. While the HF offspring displayed obesity, glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis, the H1S and H2S offspring avoided hepatic steatosis. This phenotype was associated with the normalization of the methionine cycle and the restoration of L-carnitine and AMPK activity. Furthermore, maternal HF diet induced epigenetic regulation of important genes involved in fatty acid oxidation and oxidative phosphorylation via DNA methylation modifications, which were recovered by maternal one-carbon supplementation. Our study provides evidence that maternal one-carbon supplement can reverse/block the adverse effects of maternal HF diet on promoting offspring NAFLD, suggesting a potential nutritional strategy that is administered to mothers to prevent NAFLD in the offspring.
Maternal hepatitis B infection status and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis.; PURPOSE: To investigate the association between maternal HBsAg-positive status and pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: The study enrolled women with singleton pregnancies who delivered during January-December 2018. Data of maternal demographics and main adverse pregnancy outcomes were collected from the institutional medical records and analyzed by univariate and multivariate logistic regression models to determine the association between maternal HBV markers (HBsAg/HBeAg/HBV-DNA loads status) and adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: Total 1146 HBsAg-positive and 18,354 HBsAg-negative pregnant women were included. After adjusting for potential confounding variables, maternal HBsAg-positive status was associated with a high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 1.24
TDAG51 Attenuates Impaired Lipid Metabolism and Insulin Resistance in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Through SREBP-1/ANGPTL8 Pathway.; BACKGROUND: T-cell death-associated gene 51 (TDAG51) belongs to the transcription factor family and is involved in the energy homeostasis of the liver through the regulation of lipogenesis. AIMS: To evaluate the role of T-cell death-associated gene 51 in gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Experimental animal and human-sample study. METHODS: A total of 30 patients with GDM were enrolled in the study. TDAG51 expression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus was assessed by Western blotting and quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. A high-fat and high-sugar diet was used to establish a gestational diabetes mellitus model. Mice with gestational diabetes were injected with lentivirus-mediated overexpression of TDAG51. Blood glucose was measured using a glucometer, and glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed to detect insulin resistance. Liver and adipose tissues were subjected to hematoxylin-eosin staining. Cell apoptosis was detected by TUNEL staining. Human villous trophoblast cells (HTR-8/SVneo) were treated with a high-glucose medium to induce gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: TDAG51 was downregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. TDAG51 overexpression reduced the level of blood glucose, enhanced serum insulin, and attenuated glucose and insulin tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression also ameliorated impaired lipid metabolism and alleviated adipocyte hypertrophy and hepatic lipid droplets in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. The expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 were upregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and showed a negative correlation with TDAG51 in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. TDAG51 increased the expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression reduced cell apoptosis and enhanced cell viability of high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. Ectopic expression of ANGPTL8 attenuated the TDAG51-induced increase in cell viability and decrease in apoptosis in high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. CONCLUSION: TDAG51 alleviated impaired lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus via downregulation of SREBP 1/ANGPTL8 pathway.
Multifactorial diabetes insipidus during pregnancy: a challenging diagnosis.; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is characterised by thirst and polydipsia with hypotonic polyuria. Several forms exist, namely, central or pituitary, nephrogenic and gestational and must be differentiated for adequate treatment. We describe the case of a 41-year-old woman chronically infected with HIV who had been recently medicated with a tenofovir-based antiretroviral treatment and who, at 22 weeks of pregnancy, presented with transient gestational DI. Obstetric ultrasound revealed oligohydramnios and foetal growth restriction that did not improve despite serum sodium correction. The severity of the case suggested the presence of an underlying disorder and elevated copeptin levels indicated that an underlying subclinical form of nephrogenic DI, possibly induced by HIV-related nephropathy or tenofovir use, was present and rendered clinically overt during pregnancy.
Risk factors related to postpartum hepatic inflammation in pregnant women with chronic hepatitis B.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate liver function after pregnancy in women with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) and factors related to postpartum abnormalities. METHODS: A total of 317 pregnant women were included in this study and 138 had an HBV DNA level. In this trial, the highest number and proportion of hepatitis B surface antigen-positive mothers with postpartum hepatic inflammation were at 1 month after delivery. RESULTS: Baseline liver function of postpartum women with hepatic inflammation was significantly higher than that in those before delivery. The rates of hepatitis B e-antigen (HBeAg)-positive status, baseline HBV DNA levels, gestational diabetes mellitus, and antiviral therapy during pregnancy were significantly higher in the hepatic inflammation group than in the control group. Among the 138 women who received antiviral therapy, 83 withdrew from antiviral therapy immediately after delivery and 55 continued antiviral therapy for at least 1 month after delivery. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that HBeAg-positivity and gestational diabetes mellitus were associated with hepatic inflammation after delivery. Postpartum hepatic inflammation occurred mostly at 1 month after delivery in pregnant women with HBV infection. CONCLUSIONS: Close monitoring of women with HBV during pregnancy is required, especially for those who are HBeAg-positive and have gestational diabetes mellitus.
Developmental Timing of High-Fat Diet Exposure Impacts Glucose Homeostasis in Mice in a Sex-Specific Manner.; We previously demonstrated that male, but not female, Swiss Webster mice are susceptible to diabetes, with incidence increased by early overnutrition and high-fat diet (HFD). In this study, we investigated how HFD in Swiss Webster males and females during preweaning, peripubertal, and postpubertal periods alters glucose homeostasis and diabetes susceptibility. In males, HFD throughout life resulted in the highest diabetes incidence. Notably, switching to chow postpuberty was protective against diabetes relative to switching to chow at weaning, despite the longer period of HFD exposure. Similarly, HFD throughout life in males resulted in less liver steatosis relative to mice with shorter duration of postpubertal HFD. Thus, HFD timing relative to weaning and puberty, not simply exposure length, contributes to metabolic outcomes. Females were protected from hyperglycemia regardless of length or timing of HFD. However, postpubertal HFD resulted in a high degree of hepatic steatosis and adipose fibrosis, but glucose regulation and insulin sensitivity remained unchanged. Interestingly, peri-insulitis was observed in the majority of females but was not correlated with impaired glucose regulation. Our findings reveal critical periods of HFD-induced glucose dysregulation with striking sex differences in Swiss Webster mice, highlighting the importance of careful consideration of HFD timing relative to critical developmental periods.
Transcriptomic responses are sex-dependent in the skeletal muscle and liver in offspring of obese mice.; Infants born to obese mothers are more likely to develop metabolic disease, including glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis, in adult life. We examined the effects of maternal obesity on the transcriptome of skeletal muscle and liver tissues of the near-term fetus and 3-mo-old offspring in mice born to dams fed a high-fat and -sugar diet. Previously, we have shown that male, but not female, offspring develop glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and liver steatosis at 3 mo old. Female C57BL6/J mice were fed normal chow or an obesogenic high-calorie diet before mating and throughout pregnancy. RNAseq was performed on the liver and gastrocnemius muscle following collection from fetuses on embryonic day 18.5 (E18.5) as well as from 3-mo-old offspring from obese dams and control dams. Significant genes were generated for each sex, queried for enrichment, and modeled to canonical pathways. RNAseq was corroborated by protein quantification in offspring. The transcriptomic response to maternal obesity in the liver was more marked in males than females. However, in both male and female offspring of obese dams, we found significant enrichment for fatty acid metabolism, mitochondrial transport, and oxidative stress in the liver transcriptomes as well as decreased protein concentrations of electron transport chain members. In skeletal muscle, pathway analysis of gene expression revealed sexual dimorphic patterns, including metabolic processes of fatty acids and glucose, as well as PPAR, AMPK, and PI3K-Akt signaling pathways. Transcriptomic responses to maternal obesity in skeletal muscle were more marked in female offspring than males. Female offspring had greater expression of genes associated with glucose uptake, and protein abundance reflected greater activation of mTOR signaling. Skeletal muscle and livers in mice born to obese dams had sexually dimorphic transcriptomic responses that changed from the fetus to the adult offspring. These data provide insights into mechanisms underpinning metabolic programming in maternal obesity.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Transcriptomic data support that fetuses of obese mothers modulate metabolism in both muscle and liver. These changes were strikingly sexually dimorphic in agreement with published findings that male offspring of obese dams exhibit pronounced metabolic disease earlier. In both males and females, the transcriptomic responses in the fetus were different than those at 3 mo, implicating adaptive mechanisms throughout adulthood.
Pregnancy outcomes among chronic carriers of hepatitis B virus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcomes of women with chronic HBV infection with those of HBV-negative women. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was undertaken to analyze singleton pregnancies of women without medical/surgical disease and with known HBsAg status. Pregnancy outcome measures were compared among the control group, women with positive HBsAg status (case group), and those with positive HBeAg status. RESULTS: Among 26 350 enrolled pregnant women, 21 812 in the control group and 1446 in the case group were compared. Only the proportion of preterm births was significantly higher among pregnancies with positive HBsAg status (RR 1.013 [95% CI, 1.001-1.025]). Among women with positive HBsAg status who had been screened for HBeAg, GDM was significantly higher among women with positive HBeAg status (RR 1.434 [95% CI, 0.999-2.057]). Preterm births and low birth weight were also significantly higher among women with positive HBeAg status (RR 1.250 [95% CI, 1.000-1.563] and 1.258 [95% CI, 1.053-1.505], respectively). CONCLUSION: Chronic carriers of HBV had a minimally increased risk of preterm birth and low birth weight but the risk was more pronounced in women with positive HBeAg status. Women with positive HBeAg status also had an increased risk of GDM.
Urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein change in gestational diabetes mellitus.; We compared urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein (L-FABP) among non-pregnant and pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Higher urinary L-FABP was found in pregnant with and without GDM, and considerably higher urinary L-FABP was found in the GDM group compared with the non-GDM group. Hyperglycemia and anemia were related with high urinary L-FABP expression.
A new approach to drug therapy in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH).; Liver steatosis is a common human disease, most often caused by long-term alcohol consumption. Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is characterized by similar histopathological features to those observed in alcoholic liver disease, but occurs in the absence of significant alcohol consumption. Several aetiological factors contribute to NASH: obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidaemia, pregnancy, different chemical intoxications, parenteral nutrition, jejeuno-ileal bypass, chronic inflammatory bowel disease, nutritional protein deficiency and congenital metabolic disorders. Biochemically, oxidative stress and lipid peroxidation and their ensuing damage are implicated in the pathogenesis of NASH and alcoholic steatohepatitis (probably resulting from free fatty acids in the mitochondria, and induction of the cytochrome P450 isoform CYP2E1 in hepatocytes and Kupffer's cells). This paper deals with the pathomechanisms, clinical findings and currently available therapies for NASH. The potential use of metadoxine in the treatment of NASH is also discussed.
Gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: In common with type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a propensity for hepatic fat deposition. We hypothesised that GDM predicts future lifetime risk of serious liver-disease outcomes, such as cirrhosis, liver failure and need for transplantation. METHODS: From population-based administrative databases, we identified all women in Ontario, Canada, who had a pregnancy resulting in live birth between April 1994 and March 2002 (N = 698,078). This population was stratified into individuals with (n = 17,932) and without (n = 680,146) GDM, and both groups were further stratified according to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes in the years after delivery. The median follow-up for the development of serious liver disease (defined as hospitalisation for cirrhosis, liver failure or transplantation) was 14.0 years. RESULTS: Women with GDM had a higher risk of serious liver disease than those without GDM (n = 680,146
Maternal Diet Quality During Pregnancy and Offspring Hepatic Fat in Early Childhood: The Healthy Start Study.; BACKGROUND: Overnutrition in utero may increase offspring risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the specific contribution of maternal diet quality during pregnancy to this association remains understudied in humans. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to examine the associations of maternal diet quality during pregnancy with offspring hepatic fat in early childhood (median: 5 y old, range: 4-8 y old). METHODS: Data were from 278 mother-child pairs in the longitudinal, Colorado-based Healthy Start Study. Multiple 24-h recalls were collected from mothers during pregnancy on a monthly basis (median: 3 recalls, range: 1-8 recalls starting after enrollment), and used to estimate maternal usual nutrient intakes and dietary pattern scores [Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII), and Relative Mediterranean Diet Score (rMED)]. Offspring hepatic fat was measured in early childhood by MRI. Associations of maternal dietary predictors during pregnancy with offspring log-transformed hepatic fat were assessed using linear regression models adjusted for offspring demographics, maternal/perinatal confounders, and maternal total energy intake. RESULTS: Higher maternal fiber intake and rMED scores during pregnancy were associated with lower offspring hepatic fat in early childhood in fully adjusted models [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 0.82 (0.72, 0.94) per 5 g/1000 kcal fiber
Fetal Overnutrition and Adolescent Hepatic Fat Fraction: the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if fetal overnutrition resulting from maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased liver fat during adolescence, adjusting for past and current metabolic risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: Data come from a historical prospective cohort study (Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children) of 254 mother-child pairs in Colorado who participated in 2 research visits at T1 (mean age 10.4, SD = 1.5 years) and at T2 (mean age 16.4, SD = 1.5 years), and had complete exposure and outcome data. Multiple linear regression was used to evaluate the effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and GDM on hepatic fat fraction (HFF) by magnetic resonance imaging at T2. RESULTS: Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI 30+) was significantly associated (β = 1.59, CI = 0.66, 2.52) with increased HFF relative to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy weight (BMI <25) independent of maternal GDM and sociodemographic factors. Moreover, this association was independent of T2 and T1 metabolic risk factors (acanthosis nigricans, BMI, fasting glucose) (β = 1.03, CI = 0.10, 1.97). Prenatal GDM exposure was not associated with HFF in either unadjusted or adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with increased HFF in offspring independent of childhood and adolescent adiposity. Intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that maternal obesity is a modifiable risk factor for childhood fatty liver disease.
Association between maternal hepatitis B virus carrier and gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Given that many pregnant women have chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked to poor maternal and neonatal outcomes, we looked into the relationship between the hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and GDM to see if a high HBV DNA load is linked to a higher risk of GDM in chronic maternal HBsAg carriers. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Our study included 39,539 pregnant women who gave birth at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University in Guangzhou, China, between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2019. The patients were divided into two groups: HBsAg negative (36,500) and positive (3039). The viral load levels of 1250 HBsAg-positive women who had tested their HBV DNA load during pregnancy were separated into three groups. We utilized univariate and multivariable logistical regression analysis to determine the relationship between maternal chronic HBsAg carrier and GDM. RESULTS: Being HBsAg positive was discovered to be an independent risk factor for GDM.Pre-pregnancy Obesity and advanced age were linked to an increased incidence of GDM. Those with a high HBV DNA load (> 10(6) IU/mL) had a higher risk of GDM than HBsAg-positive women with a low viral load (< 10(3) IU/mL). Pre-eclampsia and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) appeared to be more common in HBsAg-positive women than in uninfected women. CONCLUSIONS: Being HBsAg positive, advanced age, and pre-pregnancy obesity were all revealed to be independent risk factors for GDM in our study. In HBsAg carrier, pregnant women, a high HBV DNA burden was linked to a greater risk of GDM. Furthermore, being an HBsAg carrier during pregnancy raised the risk of ICP and pre-eclampsia.
HBsAg positivity during pregnancy and adverse maternal outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis.; Hepatitis B virus infection characterized by HBsAg positivity during pregnancy is a well-recognized issue in developing countries, but the association between HBsAg positivity and adverse maternal outcomes remains uncertain. To examine the association between HBsAg positivity during pregnancy and adverse maternal outcomes, a retrospective cohort study was conducted in Sichuan province, China. Deliveries were recorded from six hospitals between 1 January 2009 and 31 December 2010. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), intrahepatic cholestasis, Caesarean section and placenta previa were prespecified adverse maternal outcomes. We used two multivariate logistic regression models to assess the association between HBsAg positivity and adverse maternal outcomes. In total, 948 (4.2%) pregnant women were HBsAg positive from 22 374 deliveries. Pregnant women with positive HBsAg had higher risk of GDM (aOR1.41, 95%CI 1.15-1.74), PPH (1.44, 1.13-1.83), intrahepatic cholestasis (1.74, 1.40-2.16) and Caesarean section (1.24, 1.06-1.45). No statistical associations were found between HBsAg positivity and pre-eclampsia (1.36, 0.94-1.97), and placenta previa (1.21, 0.87-1.67). HBsAg positivity during pregnancy was associated with higher risk of multiple adverse maternal outcomes. Although the causality has yet to be established, efforts may be warranted in routine care, particularly in those with high risk for adverse maternal outcomes, given the volume population infected with HBsAg. Future studies are needed to establish causality and examine the impact of HBeAg on the adverse outcomes.
Adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered the most common liver disease in the world, but little is known about its potential association with pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to investigate pregnancy outcomes in NAFLD. METHODS: The Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) was used to identify births between 1992 and 2011 (N = 1 960 416). By linkage with the National Patient Register, we identified women with a diagnosis of NAFLD. The MBR was then used to identify outcomes: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, Apgar score <7 at 5 min, preterm birth (<37 weeks), low birth weight (<2500 g), infants born small for gestational age and congenital malformations. As controls, we used women with no diagnosis for NAFLD divided into two groups
Uptake and safety of hepatitis A vaccination during pregnancy: A Vaccine Safety Datalink study.; INTRODUCTION: Infection with hepatitis A virus (HAV) during pregnancy, although uncommon, is associated with gestational complications and pre-term labor. Hepatitis A vaccine (HepA) is recommended for anyone at increased risk for contracting hepatitis A, including women at risk who are also pregnant. Limited data are available on the safety of maternal HepA vaccination. OBJECTIVES: Assess the frequency of maternal HepA receipt and evaluate the potential association between maternal vaccination and pre-specified maternal and infant safety outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of pregnancies in the Vaccine Safety Datalink (VSD) resulting in live births from 2004 through 2015 was included. Pregnancies with HepA exposure were compared to those with other vaccine exposures, and to those with no vaccine exposures. Risk factors for contracting hepatitis A were identified up to one-year prior to or during the pregnancy using ICD-9 codes. Maternal and fetal adverse events were evaluated according to maternal HepA exposure status. Adjusted odds ratio (OR) were used to describe the association. RESULTS: Among 666,233 pregnancies in the study period, HepA was administered at a rate of 1.7 per 1000 (n = 1140), most commonly within the first six weeks of pregnancy. Less than 3% of those exposed to HepA during pregnancy had an ICD-confirmed risk factor. There were no significant associations between HepA exposure during pregnancy and gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, cesarean delivery, pre-term delivery, and low birthweight. There was a statistically significant association between HepA exposure during pregnancy and small-for-gestational age (SGA) infants (aOR 1.32, [95% CI 1.09, 1.60], p = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: The rate of maternal HepA vaccination was low and rarely due to documented risk factors for vaccination. HepA vaccination during pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk for a range of adverse events examined among pregnancies resulting in live births, but an identified association between maternal HepA and SGA infant outcomes, while likely due to unmeasured confounding, warrants further exploration.
[Clinical analysis of 86 cases of acute fatty liver of pregnancy].; Objective: To investigate the clinical characteristics and maternal and fetal prognosis of pregnant women with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). Methods: The clinical data of 86 AFLP pregnant women admitted to the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University from September 2017 to August 2022 were collected, and their general data, clinical characteristics, laboratory tests and maternal and fetal outcomes were retrospectively analyzed. Results: (1) General information: the age of the 86 pregnant women with AFLP was (30.8±5.4) years, and the body mass index was (21.0±2.5) kg/m(2). There were 50 primiparas (58.1%, 50/86) and 36 multiparas (41.9%, 36/86). There were 64 singleton pregnancies (74.4%, 64/86) and 22 twin pregnancies (25.6%, 22/86). (2) Clinical characteristics: the main complaints of AFLP pregnant women were gastrointestinal symptoms, including epigastric pain (68.6%, 59/86), nausea (47.7%, 41/86), anorexia (46.5%, 40/86), vomiting (39.5%, 34/86). The main non-gastrointestinal symptoms were jaundice of skin and/or scleral (54.7%, 47/86), edema (38.4%, 33/86), fatigue (19.8%, 17/86), bleeding tendency (16.3%, 14/86), polydipsia or polyuria (14.0%, 12/86), skin itching (8.1%, 7/86), and 17.4% (15/86) AFLP pregnant women had no obvious symptoms. (3) Laboratory tests: the incidence of liver and kidney dysfunction and abnormal coagulation function in AFLP pregnant women was high, and the levels of blood ammonia, lactate dehydrogenase and lactic acid were increased, and the levels of hemoglobin, platelet and albumin decreased. However, only 24 cases (27.9%, 24/86) of AFLP pregnant women showed fatty liver by imageology examination. (4) Pregnancy outcomes: ① AFLP pregnant women had a high incidence of pregnancy complications, mainly including renal insufficiency (95.3%, 82/86), preterm birth (46.5%, 40/86), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (30.2%, 26/86), gestational diabetes mellitus (36.0%, 31/86), fetal distress (24.4%, 21/86), pulmonary infection (23.3%, 20/86), disseminated intravascular coagulation (16.3%, 14/86), multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (16.3%, 14/86), hepatic encephalopathy (9.3%, 8/86), and intrauterine fetal death (2.3%, 2/86). ② Treatment and outcome of AFLP pregnant women: the intensive care unit transfer rate of AFLP pregnant women was 66.3% (57/86). 82 cases were improved and discharged after treatment, 2 cases were transferred to other hospitals for follow-up treatment, and 2 cases (2.3%, 2/86) died. ③ Neonatal outcomes: except for 2 cases of intrauterine death, a total of 106 neonates were delivered, including 39 cases (36.8%, 39/106) of neonatal asphyxia, 63 cases (59.4%, 63/106) of neonatal intensive care unit admission, and 3 cases (2.8%, 3/106) of neonatal death. Conclusions: AFLP is a severe obstetric complication, which is harmful to mother and fetus. In the process of clinical diagnosis and treatment, attention should be paid to the clinical manifestations and laboratory tests of pregnant women, early diagnosis and active treatment, so as to improve maternal and fetal outcomes.
Associations between Prenatal Exposure to Phthalates and Features of the Metabolic Syndrome in Males from Childhood into Adulthood.; Phthalate metabolites are detectable within the majority of the population. Evidence suggests that a prenatal exposure to phthalates may be associated with the subsequent risks of obesity and elevated blood pressure. We hypothesised that a prenatal exposure to phthalates would lead to an increase in adverse cardiometabolic parameters through childhood and adulthood. The maternal serum phthalate measurements from the stored samples taken from Gen1 mothers at 18 and 34 weeks gestation were examined in relation to the cardiometabolic measures in 387 male offspring from the Raine Study. Data from the Gen2 follow-ups between 3 and 27 years were used. The primary outcomes were analysed longitudinally using linear mixed models for the repeated measures. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was assessed at 17 years using logistic regression. A consistent positive relationship was observed between a prenatal exposure to mono-carboxy-iso-octyl phthalate (MCiOP) through adolescence into adulthood with systolic blood pressure. There were no other consistent cardiovascular associations. Mid-levels of prenatal exposures to Mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) were associated with a greater incidence of NAFLD. Detectable Mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (MCPP) was associated with a lower serum HDL-C through late childhood into adulthood, while a higher prenatal exposure to mono-iso-butyl phthalate (MiBP), was associated with a higher LDL-C at 22 years of age. A mid-level prenatal exposure to mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) metabolites was associated with higher insulin in adulthood, while a higher prenatal exposure to the sum of the Di-(2-ethyl-hexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and Di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNP) metabolites was associated with higher fasting serum glucose in adulthood. In conclusion, our study demonstrated that higher prenatal phthalate exposures to some phthalate metabolites was associated with some adverse metabolic profiles through adolescence into adulthood, although the consistent themes were limited to a few metabolites and the outcomes of systolic blood pressure, fasting insulin and glucose.
Maternal nicotine exposure aggravates metabolic associated fatty liver disease via PI3K/Akt signaling in adult offspring mice.; AIM: The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of maternal nicotine exposure (MNE) on the development of metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in adulthood offspring and the underlying mechanism. METHODS: Pregnant mice (n = 22) were subcutaneously injected with either saline vehicle (n = 11) or nicotine (n = 11) twice a day on gestational days 11-21. Offspring mice (n = 176) from both groups were weaned at postnatal day 21, and for 6 months after postnatal day 21, 96 mice were fed either a standard chow diet (n = 48) or a high-fat diet (n = 48). Serum lipid indicators, liver function indicators, insulin, and liver mitochondrial respiration were analyzed. The expression levels of fibrosis-related proteins, phosphorylated PI3K, phosphorylated Akt, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 (SREBP1c), and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR-α) were detected in the liver by immunohistochemistry and Western blotting. RESULTS: MNE significantly decreased the weight of both maternal and offspring mice (~30%) and inhibited organ growth in offspring mice (P < .05). MNE also significantly increased serum levels of total bile acid, triglycerides, total cholesterol, glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, low-density lipoprotein, and insulin while decreasing serum high-density lipoprotein levels and mitochondrial respiration activity in mice fed either the normal diet or high-fat diet (all P < .05). These effects of MNE on lipid metabolism and insulin resistance were mediated via PI3K and Akt phosphorylation and down-regulation of SREBP1c and PPAR-α. CONCLUSION: Our data indicate MNE induces lipid metabolism disorder and insulin resistance to promote MAFLD progression in adult offspring through activation of PI3K/Akt signaling and suppression of SREBP1c and PPARα protein expression.
Endotoxin Biomarkers Are Associated With Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk Across 6 Years of Follow-up in Youth.; CONTEXT: Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (eg, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease). OBJECTIVE: Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core immunoglobulin G (EndoCab IgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. DESIGN/SETTING: This prospective study included 393 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes Among Children cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited from 2006 to 2009 at age 10 years (baseline) and followed for 6 years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity [body mass index (BMI) z-score, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skinfolds, waist circumference] and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. RESULTS: Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit log-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (95% CI 1.99, 9.33) mm3 VAT, 30.7 (95% CI 8.0, 53.3) mm3 SAT, and 8.26 (95% CI 4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCab IgG was associated with VAT only [3.03 (95% CI 0.34, 5.71) mm3]. LPS was associated with higher insulin [1.93 (95% CI 0.08, 3.70) µU/mL] and leptin [2.28 (95% CI 0.66, 3.90) ng/mL] and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for prepregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. CONCLUSIONS: Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition.
Obesity alters the mouse endometrial transcriptome in a cell context-dependent manner.; Obesity impacts fertility and is positively correlated with endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer occurrence. Endometrial epithelia often harbor disease driver-mutations, while endometrial stroma are highly regulative of neighboring epithelia. Here, we sought to determine distinct transcriptome changes occurring in individual cell types in the obese mouse uterus. Outbred CD-1 mice were fed high-fat or control diets for 18 weeks, estrous cycle staged, and endometrial epithelia, macrophages, and stroma isolated for transcriptomic analysis. High-fat diet mice displayed increased body mass and developed glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and fatty liver. Obese mouse epithelia displayed differential gene expression for genes related to innate immunity and leukocyte chemotaxis. The obese mouse stroma differentially expressed factors related to circadian rhythm, and expression of these genes correlated with glucose tolerance or body mass. We observed correlations between F4/80 + macrophage numbers, Cleaved Caspase 3 (CC3) apoptosis marker staining and glucose intolerance among obese mice, including a subgroup of obese mice with high CC3 + luminal epithelia. This subgroup displayed differential gene expression among all cell types, with pathways related to immune escape in epithelia and macrophages, while the stroma dysregulated pathways related to regulation of epithelia. These results suggest an important role for differential response of both the epithelia and stroma in their response to obesity, while macrophages are dysregulated in the context of apoptotic epithelia. The obesity-related gene expression programs in cells within the uterine microenvironment may influence the ability of the endometrium to function during pregnancy and influence disease pathogenesis.
Dysregulated hepatic bile acids collaboratively promote liver carcinogenesis.; Dysregulated bile acids (BAs) are closely associated with liver diseases and attributed to altered gut microbiota. Here, we show that the intrahepatic retention of hydrophobic BAs including deoxycholate (DCA), taurocholate (TCA), taurochenodeoxycholate (TCDCA), and taurolithocholate (TLCA) were substantially increased in a streptozotocin and high fat diet (HFD) induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-hepatocellular carcinoma (NASH-HCC) mouse model. Additionally chronic HFD-fed mice spontaneously developed liver tumors with significantly increased hepatic BA levels. Enhancing intestinal excretion of hydrophobic BAs in the NASH-HCC model mice by a 2% cholestyramine feeding significantly prevented HCC development. The gut microbiota alterations were closely correlated with altered BA levels in liver and feces. HFD-induced inflammation inhibited key BA transporters, resulting in sustained increases in intrahepatic BA concentrations. Our study also showed a significantly increased cell proliferation in BA treated normal human hepatic cell lines and a down-regulated expression of tumor suppressor gene CEBPα in TCDCA treated HepG2 cell line, suggesting that several hydrophobic BAs may collaboratively promote liver carcinogenesis.
The association of early unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease causes hepatic insulin resistance and is associated with metabolic syndrome. Elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase are associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The effect of hepatic insulin resistance is not only increased glycogen breakdown but also liberation of free fatty acids due to increased lipolysis. Both of these fuel sources are associated with macrosomia. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on excessive fetal growth. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of early elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of maternal alanine aminotransferase values measured between 8-18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes. We included women with singleton gestations with complete delivery information and without known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined large for gestational age as ≥90th percentile for gestational age. We compared maternal baseline characteristics with analysis of variance, Fisher exact test, or Wilcoxon rank sum. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between alanine aminotransferase and large for gestational age adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, parity, gestational diabetes, smoking, and maternal weight gain. RESULTS: We identified 26 cases of large for gestational age out of 323 mother-infant dyads. The mean maternal body mass index was higher in the large-for-gestational-age group compared to controls (33.7 [SD 4.3] vs 28.9 [SD 6.5], P = .002). Large-for-gestational-age babies were less likely to be male (8 [31%] vs 172 [58%], P = .01) and had a higher mean gestational age (39.5 [SD 0.9] vs 38.4 [SD 2.3] weeks, P = .01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The mean alanine aminotransferase among the large-for-gestational-age cases was 28 (SD 37) U/L compared to 16 (SD 8) U/L for controls. Each unit increase in log-transformed alanine aminotransferase was associated with a 3-fold odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 3.05
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero.; PURPOSE: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring's cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring's cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. METHODS: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother-child cohort. We measured gestational (26-28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a 'gestational glycemia × breastfeeding' interaction term. RESULTS: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero.
Placenta-Derived Osteoprotegerin Is Required for Glucose Homeostasis in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Osteoprotegerin (OPG) is involved in various biological processes, including bone remodeling, vascular calcification and pancreatic β-cell function. Although some clinical studies have shown an increase in serum OPG level during pregnancy, the role of OPG in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is largely unknown. Therefore, we explored the effect of OPG in metabolic homeostasis during pregnancy. We initially evaluated serum OPG levels using ELISA and western blotting techniques on samples from GDM patients. We also assessed OPG expression levels in maternal mice. We then used blastocysts transduced with lentiviruses capable of trophoblast-specific transgene expression to establish placenta-specific OPG knockdown or overexpression mouse models for functional and mechanistic investigation after embryo transplantation. We found that OPG expression was positively associated with GDM in clinical samples, and OPG levels were significantly increased in GDM patient sera and term placenta. Serum OPG was significantly increased in maternal compared to non-pregnant mice, and expression levels of OPG were the highest in placenta compared with other organs, including bone, liver and pancreas. OPG was also significantly increased in pregnant mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Placenta-specific OPG knockdown induced glucose intolerance, decreased β-cell proliferation and decreased serum insulin levels, whereas placenta-specific OPG overexpression promoted glucose tolerance and enhanced β-cell proliferation, which increased serum insulin production and decreased fetal weight in HFD-feeding pregnant mice. Placenta-derived OPG (pl-OPG) regulated glucose homeostasis during pregnancy via enhancement of β-cell proliferation, which suggests a potential therapeutic application of OPG for GDM.
Fatty Liver Among Adolescent Offspring of Women With Type 1 Diabetes (the EPICOM Study).; OBJECTIVE: Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with a less favorable metabolic profile later in life. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is the hepatic manifestation of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational type 1 diabetes on the presence of fatty liver in offspring and the association between maternal BMI, glycemic control during pregnancy, offspring metabolic risk factors, and offspring level of soluble CD163 (sCD163) (a marker of macrophage activation) and risk of fatty liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study was a prospective nationwide follow-up study of offspring (n = 278) of mothers with pregestational type 1 diabetes between 1993 and 1999 and matched control subjects (n = 303). Mean age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the fatty liver index (FLI) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate the presence of fatty liver among the offspring. An FLI ≥60 or WHtR >0.469 were used as cutoff points for fatty liver. RESULTS: More type 1 diabetes-exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared with unexposed control subjects. We found significant associations between increasing maternal prepregnancy BMI, being born large for gestational age, offspring level of sCD163, as well as offspring metabolic risk factors (decreasing adiponectin and HDL cholesterol and increasing leptin, HOMA of insulin resistance, and HOMA of insulin secretion) and degree of fatty liver. CONCLUSIONS: Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes and higher maternal prepregnancy BMI may predispose to fatty liver in the offspring. Offspring metabolic risk factors, including sCD163 levels, are associated with indices of fatty liver.
A Prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth.; OBJECTIVES: To identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF), a measure of liver fat content and risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in a prospective study of 397 multi-ethnic youth. METHODS: We obtained information on habitual dietary intake via the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 6 to 15 years ('T1') and 12 to 19 years ('T2'), and measured HFF using magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We derived dietary patterns via principal components analysis and examined associations with ln-transformed HFF using linear regression models that accounted for maternal education, gestational diabetes exposure and smoking habits
Hepatic steatosis is prevalent in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for pregnancy complications, including stillbirth and macrosomia. Evolving data suggest that diabetes during pregnancy also has long-term consequences for offspring, putting them at risk for obesity and the metabolic syndrome in childhood. Because nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is known to occur in adults and children with insulin resistance, we hypothesized that altered lipid metabolism in fetuses of diabetic mothers may manifest with hepatic steatosis. METHODS: We undertook a retrospective autopsy study to compare the presence and degree of hepatic steatosis between stillborns delivered to women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus (gestational age 20-40 weeks
Maternal Exercise Improves Glucose Tolerance in Female Offspring.; Poor maternal diet can lead to metabolic disease in offspring, whereas maternal exercise may have beneficial effects on offspring health. In this study, we determined ifmaternal exercise could reverse the detrimental effects of maternal high-fat feeding on offspring metabolism of female mice. C57BL/6 female mice were fed a chow (21%) or high-fat (60%) diet and further divided by housing in static cages or cages with running wheels for 2 weeks prior to breeding and throughout gestation. Females were bred with chow-fed sedentary C57BL/6 males. High fat-fed sedentary dams produced female offspring with impaired glucose tolerance compared with offspring of chow-fed dams throughout their first year of life, an effect not present in the offspring from high fat-fed dams that had trained. Offspring from high fat-fed trained dams had normalized glucose tolerance, decreased fasting insulin, and decreased adiposity. Liver metabolic function, measured by hepatic glucose production in isolated hepatocytes, hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps, liver triglyceride content, and liver enzyme expression, was enhanced in offspring from trained dams. In conclusion, maternal exercise negates the detrimental effects of a maternal high-fat diet on glucose tolerance and hepatocyte glucose metabolism in female offspring. The ability of maternal exercise to improve the metabolic health of female offspring is important, as this intervention could combat the transmission of obesity and diabetes to subsequent generations.
Exposure to maternal fuels during pregnancy and offspring hepatic fat in early childhood: The healthy start study.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine overnutrition has been associated with paediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the exact mechanisms involved remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: To examine whether maternal fuels and metabolic markers during pregnancy are associated with offspring hepatic fat in childhood. METHODS: This analysis included 286 mother-child pairs from the Healthy Start Study, a longitudinal pre-birth cohort in Colorado. Fasting blood draws were collected in early pregnancy (~17 weeks) and mid-pregnancy (~27 weeks). Offspring hepatic fat was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at ~5 years. RESULTS: In early pregnancy, maternal triglycerides (TGs) and free fatty acids (FFAs) were positively associated with offspring hepatic fat [Back-transformed β (95% CI): 1.15 (1.05, 1.27) per 1 standard deviation (SD) TGs
IGF-1 and IGF-2 as Molecules Linked to Causes and Consequences of Obesity from Fetal Life to Adulthood: A Systematic Review.; This study examines the impact of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) on various aspects of children's health-from the realms of growth and puberty to the nuanced characteristics of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, liver pathology, carcinogenic potential, and cardiovascular disorders. A comprehensive literature review was conducted using PubMed, with a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method employing specific keywords related to child health, obesity, and insulin-like growth factors. This study reveals associations between insulin-like growth factor 1 and birth weight, early growth, and adiposity. Moreover, insulin-like growth factors play a pivotal role in regulating bone development and height during childhood, with potential implications for puberty onset. This research uncovers insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor 2 as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic dysfunction-associated liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, and it also highlights the association between insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and cancer. Additionally, this research explores the impact of insulin-like growth factors on cardiovascular health, noting their role in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Insulin-like growth factors play vital roles in human physiology, influencing growth and development from fetal stages to adulthood. The impact of maternal obesity on children's IGF levels is complex, influencing growth and carrying potential metabolic consequences. Imbalances in IGF levels are linked to a range of health conditions (e.g., insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes), prompting researchers to seek novel therapies and preventive strategies, offering challenges and opportunities in healthcare.
Taurine attenuates liver autophagy and injury of offspring in gestational diabetic mellitus rats.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has many adverse effects on offspring, such as abnormal glycolipid metabolism, obesity, insulin resistance, mental retardation, schizophrenia and so on. METHODS: We established a GDM rat model by injecting 1% streptozotocin associated with a high-fat diet one week before pregnancy, and offspring rats were sacrificed at 8 weeks of age to obtain liver tissue for study. We used hematoxylin-eosin (HE) staining to observe liver morphological changes, Tunel staining for hepatocyte apoptosis, transmission electron microscope for liver ultrastructure, and western blot for protein expression in liver tissue. RESULTS: Compared with normal offspring rats, hepatocytes of GDM offspring rats showed obvious edema, liver organ index increased, and hepatocyte apoptosis and autophagosome in the liver were significantly increased
Elevated Hepatic Steatosis Index is Associated with the Development of Adverse Maternal, but Not Adverse Neonatal, Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether an elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI), a non-invasive test for possible metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), is associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at two tertiary hospitals from August 2014 to December 2017. Aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransaminase (ALT) levels obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were extracted and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The HSI was calculated using the following equation: 8 × (ALT/AST ratio) + BMI (+2 if female
The gut microbiota in infants of obese mothers increases inflammation and susceptibility to NAFLD.; Maternal obesity is associated with increased risk for offspring obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the causal drivers of this association are unclear. Early colonization of the infant gut by microbes plays a critical role in establishing immunity and metabolic function. Here, we compare germ-free mice colonized with stool microbes (MB) from 2-week-old infants born to obese (Inf-ObMB) or normal-weight (Inf-NWMB) mothers. Inf-ObMB-colonized mice demonstrate increased hepatic gene expression for endoplasmic reticulum stress and innate immunity together with histological signs of periportal inflammation, a histological pattern more commonly reported in pediatric cases of NAFLD. Inf-ObMB mice show increased intestinal permeability, reduced macrophage phagocytosis, and dampened cytokine production suggestive of impaired macrophage function. Furthermore, exposure to a Western-style diet in Inf-ObMB mice promotes excess weight gain and accelerates NAFLD. Overall, these results provide functional evidence supporting a causative role of maternal obesity-associated infant dysbiosis in childhood obesity and NAFLD.
Birthweight influences liver structure, function and disease risk: Evidence of a causal association.; AIM: Low birthweight is an issue during pregnancy associated with an increased risk of developing liver disease later in life. Previous Mendelian randomisation (MR) studies which explored this issue have not isolated the direct impact of the foetus on birthweight. In the present study, MR was used to assess whether direct foetal effects on birthweight were causally associated with liver structure, function and disease risk independent of intrauterine effects. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We extracted single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) about direct foetal-affected birthweight (321 223 cases) to conduct univariable and multivariable MR analyses to explore the relationships between birthweight and 4 liver structure measures, 9 liver function measures and 18 liver diseases. A two-step MR analysis was used to further assess and quantify the mediating effects of the mediators. RESULTS: When isolating direct foetal effects, genetically predicted lower birthweight was associated with a higher risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (odds ratios [OR], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.61, 1.29-2.02, p < 0.001), higher magnetic resonance imaging [MRI] proton density fat fraction (PDFF) and higher serum gamma glutamyltransferase (GGT). Two-step MR identified two candidate mediators that partially mediate the direct foetal effect of lower birthweight on NAFLD, including fasting insulin (proportion mediated: 22.29%) and triglycerides (6.50%). CONCLUSIONS: Our MR analysis reveals a direct causal association between lower birthweight and liver MRI PDFF, as well as the development of NAFLD, which persisted even after accounting for the potential influence of maternal factors. In addition, we identified fasting insulin and triglycerides as mediators linking birthweight and hepatic outcomes, providing insights for early clinical interventions.
Predisposed obesity and long-term metabolic diseases from maternal exposure to fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) - A review of its effect and potential mechanisms.; Ambient air pollution is one of the most serious public health problems over the last decade. It causes about 4.2 million deaths worldwide each year, and fine particulate matter (PM2(.5)) is one of the major components of air pollution. Many chronic non-communicable diseases may originate from the early-life environment that alters the development of offspring. Pregnancy and lactation are plastic "window periods" for offspring metabolism, during which PM(2.5) exposure is associated with long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring. In this review, we summarized the scientific evidence from both epidemiological and toxicological studies, which suggest that perinatal exposure to PM(2.5) causes obesity and metabolic diseases in progeny, including hypertension, cardiometabolic dysfunction, diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Therefore, prevention strategies are needed to inform government policies and clinical counseling to reduce maternal exposure and its associated health hazards, and ultimately improve the quality of the newborn population.
Maternal HBsAg carriers and pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort analysis of 85,190 pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Nowadays, a positive HBV carrier status is common among pregnant women, especially in endemic areas (such as China), little is known about the impact of maternal HBV infection on the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women with HBV infection often develop obstetric complications, such as pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) syndrome, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and their infants often exhibit neonatal complications. METHODS: This study undertook a retrospective cohort analysis to explore the association of HBV carrier status with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A cohort of 85,190 women including 9699 HBsAg-positive and 73,076 HBsAg-negative pregnancies was retrospectively analyzed. RESULTS: It's found that HBsAg-positive pregnancies may result in higher risk of various maternal outcomes such as ICP (OR 3.4,95%CI 2.80 to 4.13), postpartum hemorrhage (OR 1.16,95%CI 1.00 to 1.34). Interestingly, there was a decreased risk of Preeclampsia (OR 0.91,95%CI 0.87 to 0.96), premature rupture of membrane (OR 0.91,95%CI 0.87 to 0.96) and gestational hypertension (OR 0.828,95%CI 0.701 to 0.978). And in vaginal delivery subgroup analysis, It's found that the HBsAg-positive group had a higher risk of placental abruption (OR, 1.44
Fructose Consumption During Pregnancy Influences Milk Lipid Composition and Offspring Lipid Profiles in Guinea Pigs.; Excess dietary fructose is a major public health concern (1-4). Evidence shows increased fructose intake can cause insulin resistance, hepatic de novo lipogenesis, hypertriglyceridemia, obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (5-9). However, little is known about the effects of fructose during pregnancy and its influence on offspring development and predisposition to later-life disease. To determine whether moderately increased maternal fructose intake could have health consequences on offspring, we have investigated the effects of 10% w/v fructose water intake during preconception and pregnancy. Female Dunkin Hartley guinea pigs were fed a control diet (CD) or fructose diet (FD
Maternal hepatitis B virus carrier status and pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Infection with hepatitis B virus (HBV) in pregnant women may be a threat for both mothers and fetuses. This study was performed to explore the impact of maternal HBV carrier status on pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study at the Obstetrics & Gynecology Hospital of Nantong University between January 1, 2012 and September 30, 2015. A consecutive sample of 21,004 pregnant women, 513 asymptomatic HBV carriers and 20,491 non-HBV controls, was included in this study. The main outcomes of interest were selected pregnancy outcomes including miscarriage, stillbirth, preterm birth (PTB), gestational diabetes (GDM), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), preterm premature rupture of the membrane (PPROM), low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA) and Apgar scores. The incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes between asymptomatic HBV carriers and non-HBV controls were compared using the chi-square test and logistic regression. P values were two sided, and P <0.05 was considered to indicate statistical significance. RESULTS: The incidences of stillbirth, PTB, GDM, ICP, PPROM, LBW, and SGA were similar between the HBV carrier and non-HBV groups. The proportion of miscarriage was significantly higher among the HBV carriers than the controls (9.36% vs 5.70%
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Enriches Immune-Related Pathways in the Transcriptome and Methylome of Human Amniocytes.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. OBJECTIVE: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. DESIGN: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. RESULTS: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). CONCLUSION: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4-6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, well-controlled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. METHODS: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. RESULTS: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25-2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53-2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31-2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. CONCLUSION: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Deficiency in catechol-o-methyltransferase is linked to a disruption of glucose homeostasis in mice.; 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), an estrogen metabolite generated via catechol-o-methyltransferase (COMT), is multifunctional methoxy-catechol. Here, we report that COMT deficiency leads to glucose intolerance and 2-ME rescues COMT-deficient-associated metabolic defects. Liver COMT protein was suppressed in high fat diet (HFD)-fed or in pregnant mice. COMT suppression, by Ro41-0960 or siRNA, in HFD fed mice or in pregnant mice exacerbated glucose intolerance
The prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To determine the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: 380 women with GDM had a FibroScan® performed between 24 and 32 weeks. A Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP) ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. Gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and eclampsia contributed to a composite of adverse maternal outcomes. A composite of adverse neonatal outcomes included pre-term birth, hypoglycaemia, small/large-for-gestational age and admission to neonatal high dependency. Multiple logistic regression was used to determine independent associations with MAFLD. RESULTS: 147 (38.7 %) women had MAFLD. Higher pre-pregnancy BMI (median 28.4, IQR 24.7-33.0 kg/m(2) vs median 24.0, IQR 21.7-26.5 kg/m(2), p < 0.01) and rates of insulin therapy (62.2 % vs 40.7 %, p < 0.01) occurred in MAFLD over non-MAFLD women. MAFLD was independently associated with obesity (aOR 4.73 [95 % CI 2.53-8.86]) and insulin therapy (aOR 1.79 [95 % CI 1.12-2.85]). MAFLD and non-MAFLD women had comparable rates of adverse maternal (7.7 % vs 9.5 %, p = 0.56) and neonatal outcomes (75.4 % vs 68.8 %, p = 0.18). CONCLUSIONS: Within this GDM cohort, almost 40% had FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in mid-to-late gestation. MAFLD was not associated with worse pregnancy outcomes.
Transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.; INTRODUCTION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of adults in the United States. Transient elastography (TE) (Fibroscan, Echosens, Paris, France) with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to evaluate liver steatosis and liver stiffness. The primary objective of this study was to assess prevalence of elevated liver stiffness and steatosis immediately postpartum. Furthermore, we sought to evaluate whether there were differences in rates of metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) and pre-pregnancy conditions (type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic hypertension, and obesity) in those with elevated postpartum liver steatosis/liver stiffness. METHODS: IRB approved prospective cross-sectional study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1-2 days postpartum. CAP ≥300 dB/m was classified as significant steatosis. Increased liver stiffness was defined as ≥7 kPa. Prevalence was determined by proportion of individuals undergoing TE/CAP who met criteria. Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. RESULTS: Eighty-nine patients were included: 20 (22%) had GDM, 13 (15%) had gestational hypertension, and 15 (17%) had preeclampsia. Women with kPa ≥7 were more likely to have ALT ≥25, type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia (p < .05). Pre-gravid BMI, BMI at delivery, and GDM were not associated with increased kPa. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP ≥ 300 dB/m (p < .05). GDM, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were not associated with CAP ≥300 dB/m. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with preeclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and ≥30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not impact liver stiffness. GDM was not associated with increased liver stiffness or steatosis. Consideration should be made for screening pregnant patients with preeclampsia, type 2 DM and overweight or obese BMI for liver disease in the postpartum period with potential for lifestyle intervention.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring.; BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM: To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS: The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS: A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION: This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver.
Hepatic glucose metabolism in late pregnancy: normal versus high-fat and -fructose diet.; Net hepatic glucose uptake (NHGU) is an important contributor to postprandial glycemic control. We hypothesized that NHGU is reduced during normal pregnancy and in a pregnant diet-induced model of impaired glucose intolerance/gestational diabetes mellitus (IGT/GDM). Dogs (n = 7 per group) that were nonpregnant (N), normal pregnant (P), or pregnant with IGT/GDM (pregnant dogs fed a high-fat and -fructose diet [P-HFF]) underwent a hyperinsulinemic-hyperglycemic clamp with intraportal glucose infusion. Clamp period insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations and hepatic glucose loads did not differ among groups. The N dogs reached near-maximal NHGU rates within 30 min
Can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a part of the metabolic syndrome and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether unexplained elevated ALT in early pregnancy has any effect in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. In this study, the relationship between birth weights of LGA babies and babies with normal weight for gestational age (AGA) and ALT values measured in early pregnancy was evaluated. While a positive, moderately strong, statistically significant correlation was found between infant birth weight and ALT levels in LGA babies this correlation was continued when GDM was not detected and ALT levels were below 36 U/L. Foetal macrosomia, which can develop in advanced gestational weeks, can be predicted with this cheap, easy and simple method that can be checked in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be shaped accordingly.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? It is suggested that asymptomatic high ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus.What do the results of this study add? Asymptomatic elevated ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Macrosomic foetus development can be predicted with abnormal results obtained with this simple, cheap and easy measurement method measured in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be managed accordingly.
Ceramide on the road to insulin resistance and immunometabolic disorders in transition dairy cows: driver or passenger?; Dairy cows must undergo profound metabolic and endocrine adaptations during their transition period to meet the nutrient requirements of the developing fetus, parturition, and the onset of lactation. Insulin resistance in extrahepatic tissues is a critical component of homeorhetic adaptations in periparturient dairy cows. However, due to increased energy demands at calving that are not followed by a concomitant increase in dry matter intake, body stores are mobilized, and the risk of metabolic disorders dramatically increases. Sphingolipid ceramides involved in multiple vital biological processes, such as proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, and inflammation. Three typical pathways generate ceramide, and many factors contribute to its production as part of the cell's stress response. Based on lipidomic profiling, there has generally been an association between increased ceramide content and various disease outcomes in rodents. Emerging evidence shows that ceramides might play crucial roles in the adaptive metabolic alterations accompanying the initiation of lactation in dairy cows. A series of studies also revealed a negative association between circulating ceramides and systemic insulin sensitivity in dairy cows experiencing severe negative energy balance. Whether ceramide acts as a driver or passenger in the metabolic stress of periparturient dairy cows is an unknown but exciting topic. In the present review, we discuss the potential roles of ceramides in various metabolic dysfunctions and the impacts of their perturbations. We also discuss how this novel class of bioactive sphingolipids has drawn interest in extrahepatic tissue insulin resistance and immunometabolic disorders in transition dairy cows. We also discuss the possible use of ceramide as a new biomarker for predicting metabolic diseases in cows and highlight the remaining problems.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia induces liver inflammation in mouse male offspring.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy characterized by intrauterine hyperglycemia, which is often associated with a high risk of obesity and diabetes in the offspring. In this study, we established a GDM mouse model by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin to investigate the immuno-inflammatory responses in the liver of adult offspring. Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were employed to evaluate the glucose tolerance status. Hematoxylin-eosin staining was used to examine the histological changes in the liver. Quantitative real-timePCR (qRT-PCR) was applied to examine the mRNA expression of immune factors. Western blot and immunofluorescence analyses were used to examine the expression of target protein. Additionally, cell experiments were performed to validate the in vivo results. Compared to the control group, the area of fat vacuoles and the number of lymphocyte cells were significantly higher in the 20 weeks-old offspring of GDM mice. The elevated mRNA level of the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1β, IL-6, IL-33 and immune receptors CD3 and CD36 were found in the liver of F1-GDM. The protein level of IL-6r and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were significantly up-regulated. Moreover, the mRNA level of IL-6, IL-1β and IL-33 and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were also up-regulated in the hepatocyte treated with high concentration of glucose. Our results suggest that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with increased inflammation in the liver of adult male offspring.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes.; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06-3.31), 2.26 (1.96-2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21-3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell's C-index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM.
The associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis.; BACKGROUND: Associations of liver function with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the relationship and the potential causality between maternal liver biomarkers and the risk of subsequent GDM, as well as to evaluate the interaction between liver biomarkers and lipids on GDM risk. METHODS: In an ongoing Zhoushan Pregnant Women Cohort, pregnant women who finished the first prenatal follow-up record, underwent liver function tests in early pregnancy, and completed the GDM screening were included in this study. Logistic regression models were used to investigate the association, and the inverse-variance weighted method supplemented with other methods of two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was applied to deduce the causality. RESULTS: Among 9,148 pregnant women, 1,668 (18.2%) developed GDM. In general, the highest quartile of liver function index (LFI), including ALT, AST, GGT, ALP, and hepatic steatosis index, was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (OR ranging from 1.29 to 3.15), especially an elevated risk of abnormal postprandial blood glucose level. Moreover, the causal link between ALT and GDM was confirmed by the MR analysis (OR=1.28, 95%CI:1.05-1.54). A significant interaction between AST/ALT and TG on GDM risk was observed (P (interaction) = 0.026). CONCLUSION: Elevated levels of LFI in early pregnancy were remarkably associated with an increased risk of GDM in our prospective cohort. Besides, a positive causal link between ALT and GDM was suggested.
Maternal Hyperleptinemia Improves Offspring Insulin Sensitivity in Mice.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are prevalent worldwide. Offspring of mothers with these conditions weigh more and are predisposed to metabolic syndrome. A hallmark of both conditions is maternal hyperleptinemia, but the role of elevated leptin levels during pregnancy on developmental programming is largely unknown. We previously found that offspring of hyperleptinemic mothers weighed less and had increased activity. The goal of this study was to determine whether maternal leptin affects offspring insulin sensitivity by investigating offspring glucose metabolism and lipid accumulation. Offspring from two maternal hyperleptinemic models were compared. The first model of hyperleptinemia is the Lepr(db/+) mouse, which has a mutation in one copy of the gene that encodes the leptin receptor, resulting in a truncated long form of the receptor, and hyperleptinemia. Wild-type females served as the control for the Lepr(db/+) females. For the second hyperleptinemic model, wild-type females were implanted with miniosmotic pumps, which released leptin (350 ng/h) or saline (as the control) just prior to mating and throughout gestation. In the offspring of these dams, we measured glucose tolerance
The postnatal window is critical for the development of sex-specific metabolic and gut microbiota outcomes in offspring.; The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) concept has been proposed to explain the influence of environmental conditions during critical developmental stages on the risk of diseases in adulthood. The aim of this study was to compare the impact of the prenatal vs. postnatal environment on the gut microbiota in dams during the preconception, gestation and lactation periods and their consequences on metabolic outcomes in offspring. Here we used the cross-fostering technique, e.g. the exchange of pups following birth to a foster dam, to decipher the metabolic effects of the intrauterine versus postnatal environmental exposures to a polyphenol-rich cranberry extract (CE). CE administration to high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS)-fed dams improved glucose homeostasis and reduced liver steatosis in association with a shift in the maternal gut microbiota composition. Unexpectedly, we observed that the postnatal environment contributed to metabolic outcomes in female offspring, as revealed by adverse effects on adiposity and glucose metabolism, while no effect was observed in male offspring. In addition to the strong sexual dimorphism, we found a significant influence of the nursing mother on the community structure of the gut microbiota based on α-diversity and β-diversity indices in offspring. Gut microbiota transplantation (GMT) experiments partly reproduced the observed phenotype in female offspring. Our data support the concept that the postnatal environment represents a critical window to influence future sex-dependent metabolic outcomes in offspring that are causally but partly linked with gut microbiome alterations.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. AIM: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). METHODS: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. CONCLUSION: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in Xiamen, China.; BACKGROUND: It has been reported that earlier age at menarche is associated with a higher risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus is inconsistent across studies. We hypothesized that an earlier age at menarche would predict the gestational diabetes mellitus risk. METHODS: This was a population-based, retrospective cohort study of 70,041 women aged 18 to 53 years old, conducted between 2011 and 2018. The subjects were recruited from the Medical Birth Registry in Xiamen, China. Age at menarche was categorized as 8-12, 13, 14, 15, 16-19 years old. Logistic regression analysis and spline analysis was used to assess the risk of the menarche age group for gestational diabetes mellitus. Linear regression analysis was performed to evaluate independent associations between age at menarche and fasting plasma glucose and blood glucose 1 hour and 2 hours after a 75-g of glucose load between 24 and 28 weeks' gestation. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of GDM was 17.6%. After adjustment for family history of diabetes, earlier age at menarche (8-12, and 13 years old) was associated with increased odds for GDM (OR, 1.08
Altered local RAS in the liver increased the risk of NAFLD in male mouse offspring produced by in vitro fertilization.; BACKGROUND: Assisted reproductive technology (ART) is associated with an increased risk of adverse metabolic health in offspring, and these findings have been demonstrated in animal models without parental infertility issues. However, it is unclear what changes lead to abnormal metabolism. The activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) has been related to various aspects of metabolic syndrome. Thus, we focused on the local RAS of the liver, which is the central organ for glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring conceived by in vitro fertilization (IVF), and studied the role of local liver RAS in metabolic diseases. METHODS: Male C57BL/6 mouse offspring obtained by natural pregnancy and IVF were fed a standard chow diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) from 4 weeks of age through 16 weeks of age. We assessed glucose and lipid metabolism, hepatic histopathology, and the gene and protein expression of key RAS components. In addition, the blocker losartan was used from 4 weeks of age through 16 weeks of age to investigate the regulatory mechanisms of abnormal local RAS on metabolic activity in the IVF offspring liver. RESULTS: The growth trajectories of IVF offspring body and liver weights were different from those of naturally pregnant offspring. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and insulin resistance (IR) occurred in IVF-conceived male offspring. After continuous HFD feeding, male offspring in the IVF group underwent earlier and more severe IR. Furthermore, there was a trend of lipid accumulation in the livers of chow-fed IVF offspring. Hepatic steatosis was also more serious in the IVF offspring after HFD treatment. Type 1 receptor (AT1R), which is the primary receptor mediating the action of angiotensin (Ang) II, has been confirmed to be upregulated in IVF offspring livers. Losartan reduced or even eliminated most of the significant differences between the IVF and NC groups after HFD consumption. CONCLUSIONS: The upregulation of AT1R expression in the liver increased the activity of the local RAS, resulting in abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism and lipid accumulation in the liver, significantly increasing the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in IVF offspring.
Increased risk of preterm birth in women with autoimmune hepatitis - a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The aim of our study was to investigate the risks of pregnancy and childbirth complications in women with autoimmune hepatitis compared to the population controls. METHODS: In a nationwide cohort study of all pregnancies between 2006 and 2011 we investigated the risks of adverse pregnancy outcome in 171 births in women with diagnosed autoimmune hepatitis using the data from the Swedish Medical Birth and Patient Registries. Births to women without autoimmune hepatitis served as population controls (n = 576 642). Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using Poisson regression models adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Women with AIH had an increased risk of gestational diabetes (RR = 4.35, 95% CI 2.21-8.57), of preterm birth (RR = 3.21, 95% CI 1.97-4.92) and of low-birth-weight child (RR = 2.51, 95% CI 1.51-4.19). We found no statistically significant association between autoimmune hepatitis and pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, low 5-min Apgar score, small for gestational age birth, congenital malformation and neonatal mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Autoimmune hepatitis is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. High quality prenatal and antenatal care is important for women with autoimmune hepatitis and their infants.
Altered expression of long noncoding RNA MEG3 in the offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus induces impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects a significant number of women worldwide and has been associated with lifelong health consequences for their offspring, including increased susceptibility to obesity, insulin resistance, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have suggested that aberrant expression of the long non-coding RNA Meg3 in the liver may contribute to impaired glucose metabolism in individuals. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia affects glucose intolerance in puberty by mediating the overexpression of LncMeg3 in the liver. METHODS: To test our hypothesis, we established an animal model of intrauterine hyperglycemia to mimic GDM. The progeny was observed for phenotypic changes, and intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests, insulin tolerance tests, and pyruvate tolerance tests were conducted to assess glucose and insulin tolerance. We also measured LncMeg3 expression in the liver using real-time quantitative PCR and examined differential methylation areas (DMRs) in the Meg3 gene using pyrophosphoric sequencing. To investigate the role of LncMeg3 in glucose tolerance, we conducted Meg3 intervention by vein tail and analyzed the changes in the phenotype and transcriptome of the progeny using bioinformatics analysis. RESULTS: We found that intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia led to impaired glucose and insulin tolerance in the progeny, with a tendency toward increased fasting blood glucose in fat offspring at 16 weeks (P = 0.0004). LncMeg3 expression was significantly upregulated (P = 0.0061), DNMT3B expression downregulated (P = 0.0226), and DNMT3A (P = 0.0026), TET2 (P = 0.0180) expression upregulated in the liver. Pyrophosphoric sequencing showed hypomethylation in Meg3-DMRs (P = 0.0005). Meg3 intervention by vein tail led to a decrease in the percentage of obese and emaciated offspring (emaciation: 44% vs. 23%
Reducing the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in chronic hepatitis B virus carriers via more strict control of gestational weight gain.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the association between gestational weight gain (GWG) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) -positive women using a retrospective cohort study to provide advice on the management of GWG. METHODS: Our study included 39 539 pregnant women who gave birth at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, China. Patients were divided into two groups: the HBsAg-negative and HBsAg-positive groups, comprising 36 500 and 3039 participants, respectively. We used univariate and multivariable logistic regression analyses to explore the association between GWG and GDM in maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) carrier women. RESULTS: Being HBsAg positive and excessive GWG were independent risk factors for GDM. Excessive GWG was associated with a higher risk of GDM in HBsAg-positive women. Among pre-pregnancy women of normal weight, HBsAg-positive women with adequate GWG had a higher risk of GDM than HBsAg-negative women, whereas HBsAg-positive women with inadequate GWG had a lower risk of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The optimal GWG ranges for pre-pregnancy normal-weight HBsAg-positive pregnancies might be lower than the US Institute of Medicine recommendations. HBsAg-positive women should strictly control GWG to reduce the risk of GDM.
Normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents programming of impaired glucose metabolism in adult offspring.; Infants born to obese mothers have a greater risk for childhood obesity and insulin resistance. However, the underlying biological mechanism remains elusive, which constitutes a significant roadblock for developing specific prevention strategies. Maternal adiponectin levels are lower in obese pregnant women, which is linked with increased placental nutrient transport and fetal overgrowth. We have previously reported that adiponectin supplementation to obese dams during the last four days of pregnancy prevented the development of obesity, glucose intolerance, muscle insulin resistance, and fatty liver in three months old offspring. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that 6-9-month-old offspring of obese dams show glucose intolerance associated with muscle insulin resistance and mitochondrial dysfunction and that normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents the development of this phenotype in the offspring. Male and female offspring of obese mice exhibited in vivo glucose intolerance and insulin resistance at 6 and 9 months of age. In gastrocnemius muscles ex vivo, male and female offspring of obese dams showed reduced phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate 1(Tyr-608) , Akt(Thr-308) , and decreased Glut4 plasma membrane translocation upon insulin stimulation. These metabolic abnormalities in offspring born to obese mice were largely prevented by normalization of maternal adiponectin levels in late pregnancy. We provide evidence that low circulating maternal adiponectin is a critical mechanistic link between maternal obesity and the development of metabolic disease in offspring. Strategies aimed at improving maternal adiponectin levels may prevent long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring of obese mothers.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Although there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24-28 weeks. RESULTS: Six hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%
Elevated Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy and Subsequent Development of Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or metabolic syndrome in adults, but the clinical significance of ALT or NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy
Serum CathepsinD in pregnancy: Relation with metabolic and inflammatory markers and effects of fish oils and probiotics.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Elevated circulating levels of CathepsinD (CatD) have been linked to metabolic deviations including liver inflammation. We investigated 1) whether supplementation with probiotics and/or fish oil affects CatD and 2) whether the CatD concentration would associate with gestational diabetes (GDM), low-grade inflammation, lipid metabolism, body fat % and dietary composition. METHODS AND RESULTS: Overweight/obese pregnant women (n = 438) were randomized into fish oil + placebo, probiotics + placebo, fish oil + probiotics or placebo + placebo groups. Fish oil contained 1.9 g docosahexaenoic acid and 0.22 g eicosapentaenoic acid and probiotics were Lacticaseibacillusrhamnosus HN001 (formerly Lactobacillusrhamnosus HN001) and Bifidobacteriumanimalis ssp. lactis 420, 10(10) colony-forming units each). Serum CatD levels were analysed by ELISA, GlycA and lipid metabolites by NMR, high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) by immunoassay, and intakes of energy yielding nutrients and n-3 and n-6 fatty acids from food diaries at both early and late pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed by OGTT. CatD concentrations did not differ between the intervention groups or by GDM status. Multivariable linear models revealed that body fat % and GlycA affected CatD differently in healthy women and those with GDM. CONCLUSION: The serum CatD concentration of pregnant women was not modified by this dietary intervention. Serum CatD was influenced by two parameters, body fat and low grade inflammation, which were dependent on the woman's GDM status. CLINICAL TRIAL REG. NO: NCT01922791, clinicaltrials.gov (secondary analysis).
Prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16 years after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be at an increased risk of liver complications because chronic hyperglycemia is a risk factor for liver fat accumulation and potential liver dysfunction. Large prospective studies examining liver fat accumulation following a GDM pregnancy are lacking. METHODS: The Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014) examined the association between GDM and subsequent fatty liver scores among 607 women with and 619 women without GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort. Nine to 16 years postpartum, a clinical examination was performed, with measurement of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and γ-glutamyl transferase, from which fatty liver scoring indices were calculated to assess liver fat score, fatty liver index, hepatic steatosis index, and liver fat percentage. Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for elevated liver scoring indices by GDM status were assessed adjusting for major risk factors, including prepregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: Women with prior GDM had higher adjusted ALT and AST levels than women without GDM (by 6.7% [95% CI 1.7-12.0] and 4.8% [95% CI 0.6-9.1], respectively). Women with GDM also had adjusted increased risks for elevated liver fat score (RR 2.34
Maternal Malnutrition Affects Hepatic Metabolism through Decreased Hepatic Taurine Levels and Changes in HNF4A Methylation.; Fetal programming implies that the maternal diet during pregnancy affects the long-term health of offspring. Although maternal diet influences metabolic disorders and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring, the hepatic mechanisms related to metabolites are still unknown. Here, we investigated the maternal diet-related alterations in metabolites and the biological pathway in male offspring at three months of age. Pregnant rats were exposed to 50% food restriction during the prenatal period or a 45% high-fat diet during the prenatal and postnatal periods. The male offspring exposed to food restriction and high-fat diets had lower birth weights than controls, but had a catch-up growth spurt at three months of age. Hepatic taurine levels decreased in both groups compared to controls. The decreased hepatic taurine levels in offspring affected excessive lipid accumulation through changes in hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 A methylation. Moreover, the alteration of gluconeogenesis in offspring exposed to food restriction was observed to a similar extent as that of offspring exposed to a high fat diet. These results indicate that maternal diet affects the dysregulation in hepatic metabolism through changes in taurine levels and HNF4A methylation, and predisposes the offspring to Type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in later life.
Developmental Programming of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Effect of Early Life Nutrition on Susceptibility and Disease Severity in Later Life.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is fast becoming the most common liver disease globally and parallels rising obesity rates. The developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis have linked alterations in the early life environment to an increased risk of metabolic disorders in later life. Altered early life nutrition, in addition to increasing risk for the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in offspring, is now associated with an increased risk for the development of NAFLD. This review summarizes emerging research on the developmental programming of NAFLD by both maternal obesity and undernutrition with a particular focus on the possible mechanisms underlying the development of hepatic dysfunction and potential strategies for intervention.
Rodents on a high-fat diet born to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit sex-specific lipidomic changes in reproductive organs.; Maternal gestatonal diabetes mellitus (GDM) and offspring high-fat diet (HFD) have been shown to have sex-specific detrimental effects on the health of the offspring. Maternal GDM combined with an offspring HFD alters the lipidomic profiles of offspring reproductive organs with sex hormones and increases insulin signaling, resulting in offspring obesity and diabetes. The pre-pregnancy maternal GDM mice model is established by feeding maternal C57BL/6 mice and their offspring are fed with either a HFD or a low-fat diet (LFD). Testis, ovary and liver are collected from offspring at 20 weeks of age. The lipidomic profiles of the testis and ovary are characterized using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Male offspring following a HFD have elevated body weight. In reproductive organs and hormones, male offspring from GDM mothers have decreased testes weights and testosterone levels, while female offspring from GDM mothers show increased ovary weights and estrogen levels. Maternal GDM aggravates the effects of an offspring HFD in male offspring on the AKT pathway, while increasing the risk of developing inflammation when expose to a HFD in female offspring liver. Testes are prone to the effect of maternal GDM, whereas ovarian metabolite profiles are upregulated in maternal GDM and downregulated in offspring following an HFD. Maternal GDM and an offspring HFD have different metabolic effects on offspring reproductive organs, and PUFAs may protect against detrimental outcomes in the offspring, such as obesity and diabetes.
Prevalence and risk factors for chronic kidney disease in Indonesia: An analysis of the National Basic Health Survey 2018.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Indonesia is rising, but the exact extent of the burden of CKD in Indonesia is unknown. To design a screening program for individuals at high-risk, more knowledge is required regarding the prevalence and risk factors of CKD in Indonesia. The latter could have a big impact on the prevention and management of patients with CKD in Indonesia. METHODS: For this purpose, we analysed data from The National Basic Health Survey 2018 (Riset Kesehatan Dasar, Riskesdas 2018), a descriptive cross-sectional study in 34 provinces, 416 districts and 98 cities in Indonesia. We included subjects aged ≥18 years and analysed the prevalence of CKD. Using multiple logistic regression, we investigated the association between CKD and potential risk factors such as demographic factors (age, gender, occupational status, level of education), lifestyle and behaviours (consumption of salty food, consumption of fruit and vegetables, smoking, alcohol consumption, carbonated drink consumption, physical activity), comorbid conditions (hypertension, heart disease, diabetes mellitus, hepatitis, stroke, nutritional status) and others (clean water supply, pregnancy complication, access to health care). RESULTS: We included 389 093 subjects in this study out of 713 783 subjects that participated in Riskesdas 2018 survey. The prevalence of CKD was 0.5%. The survey included mostly younger adults age 18-59 years (83.1%) with a mean (SD) age of 44.3 (15.1) years. The majority of subjects were female (60.3%), unemployed (58.4%), and the proportion of obese subject was 25.4%. Hypertension was the major comorbid condition (40.8%), while the proportion of diabetes mellitus (DM), heart disease, stroke and hepatitis were quite low (3.3%, 2.6%, 1.7% and 0.5%
Relationship between different hepatitis B virus infection status and gestational diabetes mellitus prevalence among pregnant women with chronic HBV infection: A retrospective study.; To investigate the relationships between different hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection status and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and analyse the potential risk factors, we conducted an observational retrospective study in HBV-infected pregnant women to compare the differences of GDM prevalence and clinical outcomes between groups divided by HBV infection status. Spearman's correlation coefficient was used to evaluate the correlations among hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg), HBV DNA and liver function. Logistic regression model was used to analyse the risk factors. In all, 1390 HBsAg-positive pregnant women were enrolled. HBeAg titre and HBV DNA, ALT and AST were correlated (r = 0.743, p < 0.001
Neck circumference might predict gestational diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese women: A nested case-control study.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: A large neck circumference might be an indicator of metabolic syndrome and its components, and for certain patients is more practical as an index than waist circumference. The demarcation value for neck circumference that suggests metabolic syndrome appears to vary by ethnic group. Gestational diabetes mellitus is considered a component of metabolic syndrome in pregnant women. We investigated whether neck circumference in Han Chinese women is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy, and determined a predictive demarcation value. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A nested case-control study was carried out with 255 women aged 18-35 years. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to the criteria of the American Diabetes Association through a 2-h, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Of the total population, 41 (16%) women developed gestational diabetes mellitus by 24-28 weeks of gestation. Neck circumference at gestational week 16 positively correlated with pre-pregnancy waist circumference, bodyweight and body mass index, and maternal age (P = 0.029) and hemoglobin A1c at gestational week 24 (P ≤ 0.001). By binary logistic regression, neck circumference was an independent predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio 1.840, 95% confidence interval 1.040-3.254
Prevalence, Metabolic Profile, and Associated Risk Factors of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in an Adult Population of India.; Introduction Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main cause of chronic liver disease worldwide. NAFLD refers to a group of diseases that includes simple steatosis, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. Unfortunately, there aren't many studies on NAFLD conducted in India. The majority of research involved specific populations, such as diabetics, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and obese or non-obese people. When the current study was being planned, there were few population-based studies available. In almost all of the research, ultrasound was employed to identify NAFLD, and the whole spectrum of NAFLD was not assessed. The full spectrum of NAFLD in India must have been considered, including all stages of steatosis as well as hepatic damage as shown by high alanine aminotransferase levels and fibrosis. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence, spectrum, and metabolic determinants of NAFLD as assessed by FibroScan® (FibroScan® expert 630 machine
Hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model.; Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) is a pregnancy complication characterized by mild to moderate hyperglycaemia that negatively impacts short- and long-term health of mother and child. However, relationships between severity and timing of pregnancy hyperglycaemia and postpartum outcomes have not been systemically investigated. We investigated the impact of hyperglycaemia developing during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) or already present pre-mating (pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, PDM) on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. GDM and PDM were induced in C57BL/6NTac mice by combined 60% high fat diet (HF) and low dose streptozotocin (STZ). Animals were screened for PDM prior to mating, and all underwent an oral glucose tolerance test on gestational day (GD)15. Tissues were collected at GD18 or at postnatal day (PN)15. Among HFSTZ-treated dams, 34% developed PDM and 66% developed GDM, characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin release and inadequate suppression of endogenous glucose production. No increased adiposity or overt insulin resistance was observed. Furthermore, markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were significantly increased in PDM at GD18 and were positively correlated with basal glucose levels at GD18 in GDM dams. By PN15, NAFLD markers were also increased in GDM dams. Only PDM affected pregnancy outcomes such as litter size. Our findings indicate that GDM and PDM, resulting in disturbances of maternal glucose homeostasis, increase the risk of postpartum NAFLD development, related to the onset and severity of pregnancy hyperglycaemia. These findings signal a need for earlier monitoring of maternal glycaemia and more rigorous follow-up of maternal health after GDM and PDM pregnancy in humans. KEY POINTS: We studied the impact of high-fat diet/streptozotocin induced hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in mice and found that this impaired glucose tolerance and insulin release. Litter size and embryo survival were compromised by pre-gestational, but not by gestational, diabetes. Despite postpartum recovery from hyperglycaemia in a majority of dams, liver disease markers were further elevated by postnatal day 15. Maternal liver disease markers were associated with the severity of hyperglycaemia at gestational day 18. The association between hyperglycaemic exposure and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease signals a need for more rigorous monitoring and follow-up of maternal glycaemia and health in diabetic pregnancy in humans.
Lactational High Fat Diet in Mice Causes Insulin Resistance and NAFLD in Male Offspring Which Is Partially Rescued by Maternal Metformin Treatment.; Maternal metabolic disease and diet during pregnancy and lactation have important implications for the programming of offspring metabolic disease. In addition, high-fat diets during pregnancy and lactation can predispose the offspring to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a rising health threat in the U.S. We developed a model of maternal high-fat feeding exclusively during the lactation period. We previously showed that offspring from dams, given lactational high-fat diet (HFD), are predisposed to obesity, glucose intolerance, and inflammation. In separate experiments, we also showed that lactational metformin treatment can decrease offspring metabolic risk. The purpose of these studies was to understand the programming implications of lactational HFD on offspring metabolic liver disease risk. Dams were fed a 60% lard-based HFD from the day of delivery through the 21-day lactation period. A subset of dams was also given metformin as a co-treatment. Starting at weaning, the offspring were fed normal fat diet until 3 months of age
Impact of hepatitis B virus infection on maternal and infant outcomes of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A three-year retrospective study.; AIMS: To explore the impact of HBV infection on maternal and infant outcomes of GDM women. METHODS: We retrospectively identified 8126 women with GDM in China from July 2017 to June 2020, and divided them into GDM with HBV infection group (n = 483) and GDM with non-HBV infection group (n = 7643). Two sample t-test and Chi-square test were used to compare differences between groups. Logistic regression models were used to explore the association between HBV infection and maternal and infant outcomes. RESULTS: Placental abruption (PA), (2.3% vs. 1.0%, P = 0.008), placenta previa (4.3% vs. 2.8% p = 0.044), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), (6.4% vs. 3.0%, P < 0.001), cesarean section (52.0% vs. 46.0%, P = 0.011), fetal chromosomal abnormalities (1.2% vs. 0.4%, P = 0.021), and neonatal hyperglycemia (1.9% vs. 3.6%, P = 0.047) were more likely to occur in GDM with HBV infection group. After adjusting for the covariates, HBV infection was found to be associated with ICP (aOR, 2.35
Anti-inflammatory activities of puerarin in high-fat diet-fed rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes mellitus.; To investigate the effect of puerarin on insulin resistance and inflammation in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Gestational diabetic model rats were established by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (25 mg/kg) combined with high-fat feeding and were randomly assigned to three groups: the control group, the GDM group, and the puerarin-treated group. Puerarin was intragastrically administered to rats daily until the offspring were born. The rats in both the GDM group and control group were administered the same volume of normal saline. Serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in all groups of rats were measured. Haematoxylin and eosin staining was used to evaluate morphological changes in the liver, pancreas, and adipose tissues around the reproductive organs. Western blotting was carried out to measure the protein expression of IRS-1 and inflammatory factors, including TNF-α, TLR4, MyD88 and phosphorylated NF-κB, in the adipose tissues around the reproductive organs. Puerarin had preventive effects on GDM-induced pathological changes and ameliorated glucose and lipid metabolism disorders in GDM rats. Puerarin upregulated IRS-1 expression and decreased the protein expression of TNF-α, TLR4, and MyD88 as well as the levels of phosphorylated NF-κB in adipose tissues around the reproductive organs in GDM rats. This study indicated that puerarin exerts anti-inflammatory effects by downregulating the important TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB inflammatory signalling pathway. Therefore, puerarin can decrease the expression of TNF-α and ameliorate insulin resistance in GDM rats, suggesting the potential efficacy of puerarin in GDM treatment.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a significant predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages-prospective study in Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort (RaPCo).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing globally with a mounting body of evidence on various adverse effects on pregnancy. Yet, prospective studies, especially from low-income and middle-income countries, are lacking in examining the impact of NAFLD in pregnancy. In this study, we explored the effect of NAFLD on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages. METHODS: A population-based prospective cohort study was conducted among first-trimester pregnant women who registered in the national pregnancy care programme during July-September 2019 in Anuradhapura district, Sri Lanka. Baseline clinical-biochemical parameters and ultrasound scan (USS) of the liver were done to assess fatty liver. Those who were normoglycaemic based on WHO criteria were followed up, and a repeat oral glucose tolerance test was performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Of the 632 pregnant women studied, 90 (14%) and 234 (37%) were diagnosed as having fatty liver grade (FLG) II and I, respectively. The cumulative incidence of GDM in FLG 0, I, and II were 11, 44, and 162 per 1000 pregnancies, respectively. After adjusting for age and other known risk factors, women with FLG II had a relative risk (RR) of 12.5 (95% CI 2.2 to 66.4) for developing GDM compared with FLG 0. In addition, women with FLG I (RR 2.1, 95% CI 1.01 to 4.64) and FLG II (RR 4.5, 95% CI 2.1 to 9.9) were significant risk factors for early pregnancy miscarriages, and FLG II remained as the only independent predictor of miscarriages after adjusting for age, parity, body mass index, blood sugar, blood pressure, and haemoglobin level (adjusted OR 4.2 (95% CI 1.9 to 9.1)). CONCLUSION: In this rural south Asian community, NAFLD is shown to be a major risk factor for GDM and early pregnancy miscarriages. Therefore, routine identification of NAFLD through a simple USS may help in the early identification of high-risk mothers.
Modulation of cholesterol transport by insulin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus in human full-term placenta.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy that is characterized by glucose intolerance, leads to dyslipidemia, and is aggravated by obesity. Cholesterol is taken up by the placenta as part of lipoproteins through the scavenger receptor class B type I receptor (SRBI), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR), and very low density lipoprotein receptor (VLDLR), and its efflux is then mediated by ABCA1 and ABCG1. PCSK9 is involved in the degradation of LDLR and VLDLR. The goal of this study was to evaluate the impact of GDM and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) on cholesterol transport through the modulation of the expression of several key players. Human full-term placenta, maternal, and venous cord blood samples were obtained at delivery from normal-weight women without GDM (n = 10), normal-weight women with GDM (n = 6), and overweight/obese women with GDM (n = 6). Lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, free fatty acids, apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B100) levels were evaluated in blood samples. Messenger RNA and protein expression levels (LDLR, VLDLR, SRBI, ABCA1, ABCG1, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, liver x receptors, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors) were assessed in human full-term placenta, respectively, by real-time RT-PCR and Western blots. Lipoprotein lipase activity was evaluated using a commercial kit on tissue homogenates. Overall, our study demonstrates that GDM affects the maternal and neonatal lipid profiles as well as different key players of placental cholesterol transfer from the maternal to the fetal circulation, depending on the maternal BMI. These changes could affect the fetal metabolism and predispose the fetus to future metabolic diseases.
Maternal hepatitis B surface antigen carrier status increased the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The relationship between chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. This study aimed to identify the association between maternal HBsAg-positive status and GDM. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed on the pregnant women who delivered from June 2012 to May 2016 at Wuhan Medical Care Center for Women and Children, Wuhan, China. We compared the incidence of GDM between HBsAg-positive pregnant women and HBsAg-negative controls. A multivariate regression model was used to measure the independent association between maternal HBsAg carrier and the risk of developing GDM. RESULTS: In total, 964 HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 964 HBsAg-negative women were included into the study. We observed maternal HBsAg carrier (OR 1.47, 95% CI 1.06-2.03), age (OR 1.05, 95% CI 1.00-1.10) and family history of diabetes (OR 3.97, 95% CI 2.05-7.67) had an independent risk for GDM in multivariable logistical regression model. However, no significant association was found between HBeAg carrier status, other HBV markers or viral load in pregnancy and the incidence of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicated that maternal HBsAg carriage is an independent risk factor for GDM, but viral activity indicated by HBeAg status and viral load is not the main reason for this phenomenon. Further studies are warranted to clarify the possible mechanisms behind such association of HBV infection and the additional risk of GDM.
Adipose Tissue Insulin Resistance in South Asian and Nordic Women after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; South Asians (SAs) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) than white Europeans, especially following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Despite similar blood glucose levels post-GDM, SAs exhibit more insulin resistance (IR) than Nordics, though the underlying mechanisms are unclear. This study aimed to assess markers of adipose tissue (AT) IR and liver fat in SA and Nordic women post-GDM. A total of 179 SA and 108 Nordic women in Norway underwent oral glucose tolerance tests 1-3 years post-GDM. We measured metabolic markers and calculated the AT IR index and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease liver fat (NAFLD-LFS) scores. Results showed that normoglycaemic SAs had less non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) suppression during the test, resembling prediabetes/T2D responses, and higher levels of plasma fetuin-A, CRP, and IL-6 but lower adiponectin, indicating AT inflammation. Furthermore, normoglycaemic SAs had higher NAFLD-LFS scores, lower insulin clearance, and higher peripheral insulin than Nordics, indicating increased AT IR, inflammation, and liver fat in SAs. Higher liver fat markers significantly contributed to the ethnic disparities in glucose metabolism, suggesting a key area for intervention to reduce T2D risk post-GDM in SAs.
Gestational Exercise Antagonises the Impact of Maternal High-Fat High-Sucrose Diet on Liver Mitochondrial Alterations and Quality Control Signalling in Male Offspring.; Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are relevant modulators of the intrauterine environment, increasing the risk of liver metabolic alterations in mothers and offspring. In contrast, as a non-pharmacological approach against metabolic disorders, exercise is highly recommended in GDM treatment. We analysed whether gestational exercise (GE) protects mothers from diet-induced GDM metabolic consequences and mitigates liver mitochondrial deleterious alterations in their 6-week-old male offspring. Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed with control or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with control diet. Sedentary HFHS mothers and their offspring showed impaired hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and morphological evidence of mitochondrial remodelling. In contrast, GE-related beneficial effects were demonstrated by upregulation of mitochondrial biogenesis signalling markers and mitochondrial fusion proteins and downregulation of mitochondrial fission protein. Alterations in miR-34a, miR-130b, and miR-494, associated with epigenetic regulation of mitochondrial biogenesis, suggested that GE is a more critical modulator of intergenerational changes in miRs expression than the maternal diet. Our data showed that GE positively modulated the altered hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers and quality control signalling associated with maternal HFHS-diet-related GDM in mothers and offspring.
Incidence of Prediabetes/Diabetes among Women with Prior Gestational Diabetes and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Prospective Observational Study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: This prospective longitudinal study aims to evaluate and compare the incidence of prediabetes/diabetes among women stratified at the baseline postpartum visit according to the prior GDM and NAFLD status. METHODS: Of the 309 women with baseline postpartum assessment at a median of 16 months following the index delivery, 200 (64.7%) [GDM: 137 (68.5%), normoglycaemia: 63 (31.5%)] were available for the follow-up analysis (performed at median of 54 months following the index delivery) and were participants for this study. We obtained relevant demographic, medical and obstetric details and performed a 75 g OGTT with glucose estimation at 0 and 120 min. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography at the baseline visit. Participants were divided into four groups: no NAFLD and no prior GDM (group 1), NAFLD but no prior GDM (group 2), prior GDM but no NAFLD (group 3), and NAFLD and prior GDM (group 4). RESULTS: The mean age of study participants (n = 200) was 32.2 ± 5.1 years, and the mean interval between the two visits was 34.8 ± 5.5 months. A total of 74 (37%) women had progression to prediabetes/diabetes [incidence rate of 12.8/100 woman-years]. The incidence rates (per 100 woman-years) were 8.6, 8.9, 13.4 and 15.3 in groups 1, 2, 3 and 4, respectively. The adjusted hazard ratio for incident (new-onset) prediabetes/diabetes in group 4 (reference: group 1) was 1.99 (95% CI 0.80, 4.96, P = 0.140). Among women with baseline NAFLD (irrespective of GDM status), the risk of incident prediabetes/diabetes increased with an increase in the duration of follow-up (3.03-fold higher per year of follow-up, P = 0.029) and was significantly higher in women who were not employed (6.43, 95% CI 1.74, 23.7, P = 0.005) and in women with GDM requiring insulin/metformin during pregnancy (4.46, 95% CI 1.27, 15.64, P = 0.019). CONCLUSION: NAFLD and GDM increased the risk for glycaemic deterioration in young Indian women. Future studies should focus on evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle and behavioural interventions in such high-risk women.
Maternal high-fat intake predisposes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in C57BL/6 offspring.; OBJECTIVE: This work aimed to verify the hypothesis that maternal intake of high-fat diet in critical periods of pregnancy and/or suckling period predisposes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in adult C57BL/6 mice offspring. STUDY DESIGN: Male pups were divided into 5 groups: (1) SC, from standard chow-fed dams
Clinical update on screening, diagnosis and management of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular risk factors associated with polycystic ovary syndrome.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in premenopausal women. This review discusses the screening, diagnosis and management of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular risk factors associated with PCOS, highlighting significant recent developments. RECENT FINDINGS: PCOS is a complex genetic disorder with multiple susceptibility genes as well as environmental factors influencing the expression of various PCOS phenotypes. The first genome-wide association study of PCOS identified susceptibility loci on chromosome 2 near the luteinizing hormone receptor gene LHCGR and chromosome 9 near the obesity gene DEEND1A. Women with PCOS are affected by a variety of metabolic disorders, including insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type-2 diabetes, dyslipidemia and obesity. Recently, it has been established that women with PCOS have a high risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. These metabolic disturbances are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although women with PCOS have higher rates of cardiovascular risk factors and intermediate markers of CVD, studies definitively documenting increased CVD are lacking. SUMMARY: The high prevalence of metabolic disorders and CVD risk factors in women with PCOS highlights the need for early screening, diagnosis and treatment of these disorders to promote long-term health and possibly prevent CVD.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes in patients with hepatitis C and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: The sum of the parts.; OBJECTIVE: Hepatitis C virus and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) are well-known independent risk factors for adverse outcomes in pregnancy. In addition, it is well-established that there is an association between Hepatitis C and ICP. This study's objective was to describe the impact of having both Hepatitis C and ICP on maternal and obstetric outcomes compared to patients having either Hepatitis C or ICP. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of the Nationwide Readmissions Database, an all-payor sample of discharges from approximately 60% of US hospitalizations. Deliveries at 24-42+ weeks between 10/2015 and 12/2020 were included. Diagnosis of Hepatitis C and ICP, and outcomes related to severe maternal morbidity were identified using International Classification of Disease-10 codes. Patients were categorized based on Hepatitis C and ICP status. Weighted logistic and negative binomial regression analyses were used to evaluate the association between Hepatitis C and ICP status and outcomes, adjusting for patient and hospital characteristics. The primary outcome was any severe maternal morbidity
Lean maternal hyperglycemia alters offspring lipid metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in mice†.; We previously developed a model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in which dams exhibit glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and reduced insulin response to glucose challenge only during pregnancy, without accompanying obesity. Here, we aimed to determine how lean gestational glucose intolerance affects offspring risk of metabolic dysfunction. One cohort of offspring was sacrificed at 19 weeks, and one at 31 weeks, with half of the second cohort placed on a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) at 23 weeks. Exposure to maternal glucose intolerance increased weights of HFHS-fed offspring. Chow-fed offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher body fat percentages at 4, 12, and 20 weeks of age. At 28 weeks, offspring of GDM dams fed the HFHS but not the chow diet (CD) also had higher body fat percentages than offspring of controls (CON). Exposure to GDM increased the respiratory quotient (Vol CO2/Vol O2) in offspring. Maternal GDM increased adipose mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (Pparg) and adiponectin (Adipoq) in 31-week-old CD-fed male offspring, and increased mRNA levels of insulin receptor (Insr) and lipoprotein lipase (Lpl) in 31-week-old male offspring on both diets. In liver at 31 weeks, mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (Ppara) were elevated in CD-fed male offspring of GDM dams, and male offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher mRNA levels of Insr on both diets. Neither fasting insulin nor glucose tolerance was affected by exposure to GDM. Our findings show that GDM comprising glucose intolerance only during pregnancy programs increased adiposity in offspring, and suggests increased insulin sensitivity of subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Analysis on the outcomes of hepatitis B virus perinatal vertical transmission: nested case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a public health problem worldwide, with vertical transmission as the leading transmission route. Therefore, it is very important to explore the risk factors associating with HBV perinatal transmission, providing valuable information for preventive and curative means for HBV perinatal infections. In this study, we systematically investigated the impact of adverse outcomes of HBV maternal infection on fetal intrauterine infection. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This is a nested case-control study that included 42 hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg)-positive pregnant women. Gestational weeks, delivery modes, alanine aminotransferase levels, platelet counts, liver ultrasonography results as well as adverse pregnancy outcomes for the pregnant mothers and Apgar scores at both 1 and 5 min, birth weight, and height for the newborn infants were recorded. Vein blood from pregnant mothers and cord blood immediately after delivery were collected for the detection of HBsAg, antibodies to hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg), antibody to hepatitis B e antigen, hepatitis B core antigen, and HBV DNA. Placental tissues were collected for detection of HBV DNA. RESULTS: Positive HBeAg as well as HBV DNA in the mother's serum were correlated closely with HBV intrauterine infection. Mother's age, delivery mode, alanine aminotransferase, blood platelet count, clinical HBV infection features, premature labor, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, fetal growth retardation, fetal distress, Apgar scores of the infant as well as the HBV infection status of the placenta all failed to show a statistically significant correlation with intrauterine infection. CONCLUSION: High level of HBV in maternal blood was one of the risk factors accounting for intrauterine infection.
Antenatal FibroScan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease with increasingly recognised associations with gestational diabetes (GDM), including within the antenatal period. AIMS: To assess the relationship between MAFLD in pregnancy and development of GDM. METHODS: Fifty pregnant women were enrolled before 24 weeks gestation from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. Two FibroScan® assessments were performed, one prior to 24 weeks and one after 30 weeks gestation, to assess hepatic steatosis and stiffness. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) score ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. GDM was determined by an antenatal 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing. RESULTS: Six (12%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy, while none had abnormal hepatic stiffness. Sixteen (32%) women developed GDM. No significant difference was observed in GDM rates (50% vs 29.5%
Low Birthweight Increases the Likelihood of Severe Steatosis in Pediatric Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.; OBJECTIVES: Small for gestational age (SGA) is associated with an increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Our aim was to investigate the correlation of birthweight with the severity of liver damage in a large cohort of children with NAFLD. METHODS: Two hundred and eighty-eight consecutive Caucasian Italian overweight/obese children with biopsy-proven NAFLD were included in the study. We examined the relative association of each histological feature of NAFLD with metabolic alterations, insulin-resistance, I148M polymorphism in the patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 (PNPLA3) gene, and birthweight relative to gestational age. RESULTS: In the whole NAFLD cohort, 12.2% of patients were SGA, 62.8% appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and 25% large for gestational age (LGA). SGA children had a higher prevalence of severe steatosis (69%) and severe portal inflammation (14%) compared with the AGA and LGA groups. Notably, severe steatosis (>66%) was decreasing from SGA to AGA and LGA, whereas the prevalence of moderate steatosis (33-66%) was similar in three groups. The prevalence of type 1 NAFLD is higher in the LGA group with respect to the other two groups (25% vs.5.2% vs.9.4%), whereas the SGA group shows a higher prevalence of overlap type (85.8%) with respect to the LGA group (51.4%) but not compared with the AGA group (75%). At multivariable regression analysis, SGA at birth increased fourfold the likelihood of severe steatosis (odds ratio (OR) 4.0, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.43-10.9, P=0.008) and threefold the likelihood of NAFLD Activity Score (NAS)≥5 (OR 2.98, 95% CI 1.06-8.33, P=0.037) independently of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and PNPLA3 genotype. The PNPLA3-CC wild-type genotype was the strongest independent predictor of the absence of significant fibrosis (OR 0.26, 95% CI 0.13-0.52, P=<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In children with NAFLD, the risk of severe steatosis is increased by SGA at birth, independent of and in addition to other powerful risk factors (insulin-resistance and I148M variant of the PNPLA3 gene).
Vitamin E Supplement Protects Against Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice Through nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase-1 Signaling Pathway.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnant disorder worldwide. In this study, we aimed to explore whether vitamin E (VE) treatment alone could protect against GDM in a mouse model. METHODS: 6-week-old C57BL/6J female mice were fed on high-fat diet for two weeks and continued with high-fat diet after pregnancy to induce GDM. The pregnant mice were orally administrated with 2.5, 25 or 250 mg/kg VE twice per day during pregnancy together with high-fat diet. Oral glucose tolerance test, insulin amounts, oxidative stress and inflammation were then measured. RESULTS: Only 250 mg/kg VE could improve glucose tolerance and insulin level in pregnant mice. VE (250 mg/kg) effectively inhibited GDM-induced hyperlipidemia, and secretion of inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6. VE also significantly ameliorated maternal oxidative stress at the late stage of pregnancy, and also improved reproductive outcomes, including increasing the litter size and birth weight in GDM mice. Moreover, VE also activated GDM-reduced nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) / heme oxygenase-1 signaling pathway in the maternal liver tissues of GDM mice. CONCLUSION: Our data clearly demonstrated that 250 mg/kg VE twice a day during pregnancy could significantly ameliorate the symptoms of GDM by alleviating oxidative stress, inflammation, hyperglycemia, and hyperlipidemia through Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway in GDM mice. Thus, additional VE supplement might be beneficial to GDM.
Fatty liver index predicts further metabolic deteriorations in women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Determinants of fatty liver (FL) might be predictive for further deterioration in insulin resistance (IR) in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). The aim was to evaluate the association between pGDM, FL and future manifestation of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by a detailed pathophysiological characterization early after pregnancy. METHODS: 68 pGDM and 29 healthy controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: status of IR was determined via oral- and intravenous-glucose-tolerance-tests with analysis of proinflammatory factors and kinetics of free-fatty-acids (FFA). According to the fatty-liver-index (FLI), pGDMs were categorized into three groups with low (FLI≤20), intermediate (20<FLI<60) and high (FLI≥60) risk for FL to assess differences in metabolic parameters at baseline as well as in the 10-year incidence for T2DM. Accuracy of FLI was proven with 1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy. RESULTS: FL was strongly associated with IR in pGDM. pGDM with FLI≥60 showed significantly increased interleukin-6, plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-1, tissue-plasminogen-activator, fibrinogen and increased ultrasensitive-C-reactive-protein compared to the low risk group (FLI≤20). Analysis of FFA indicated a less pronounced decrease of plasma FFA levels during the oral-glucose-tolerance-test in subjects with FLI≥60. History of GDM plus FLI≥60 conferred a high risk for the manifestation of diabetes over 10 years of observation as compared to pGDMs with FLI≤20 (HR:7.85, Cl:2.02-30.5, p = 0.003). CONCLUSION: FL is closely linked to GDM, especially to IR and inflammation. Most interestingly, subjects with the highest FLI values showed significant alterations in FFA kinetics and a higher risk to develop T2DM in future.
Nutritional recovery with okara diet prevented hypercholesterolemia, hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance.; We assessed the biological value of an okara diet and its effects on the hormonal and metabolic profile of rats submitted to protein restriction during intra-uterine life and lactation and recovered after weaning. Male rats from mothers fed either 17% or 6% protein during pregnancy and lactation were maintained on 17% casein (CC, LC), 17% okara (CO, LO) or 6% casein (LL) diets over 60 d. The nutritional quality of the okara protein was similar to that of casein. The okara diet was effective in the nutritional recovery of rats in growing that were malnourished in early life. Furthermore, the okara diet reversed the hypercholesterolemia and the hepatic steatosis observed in the malnutrition and prevented glucose intolerance in an animal model prone to diabetes mellitus.
MC4R deficiency in pigs results in hyperphagia and ultimately hepatic steatosis without high-fat diet.; Melanocortin 4 receptor (MC4R)-deficient mice had been used for several years to study human nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). However, although liver pathologic and biochemical indicators have been examined, mice models do not always faithfully display the phenotype of the human disease. In this study, we investigated the MC4R knockout phenotype in miniature pigs. We found that pigs lacking MC4R exhibited hyperorexia, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, disordered lipid metabolism and their livers accumulated significant amounts of fat. We have shown that deletion of MC4R results in hyperphagia and increased body fat, ultimately leading to hepatic steatosis without atherogenic diet.
Transgenerational effects of zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation on glucose homeostasis in female offspring of gestational diabetes rats.; Clinical studies have demonstrated that maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the offspring's risk of developing glucose intolerance. Our previous study reported that co-supplementation with zinc, selenium, and chromium improved insulin resistance in diet-induced GDM rats. Here, Transgenerational effects of supplementation with zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 μg/kg.bw), and chromium (20 μg/kg.bw) in F1 female offspring of both zinc, selenium and chromium (ZnSeCr)-treated, and untreated GDM rats daily by gavage from weaning to the postpartum were investigated in the present study. Glucose homeostasis in the F1 female offspring of GDM at different stages were evaluated. Maternal GDM did increase the birth mass of newborn F1 female offspring, as well as the serum glucose and insulin levels. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation attenuated the GDM-induced mass gain, increased serum glucose and insulin levels in the female neonates. The high fat and sucrose (HFS) diet-fed GDM-F1 offspring developed GDM, with glucose intolerance, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance during pregnancy. Moreover, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-related protein levels were increased and the activation of insulin signaling pathways were reduced in the liver of HFS-fed GDM-F1 offspring. Whereas glucose homeostasis in parallel with insulin sensitivity was normalized in the female offspring of GDM by supplementation both F0 dams and F1 offspring with zinc, selenium and chromium, not in those either F0 or F1 elements supplemented offspring. Therefore, we speculate that zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may have a potential beneficial transgenerational effect on the glucose homeostasis in the female offspring of GDM.
The preventive effect of mussel oil on gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose diet.; The present study aimed to investigate the preventive effect of mussel oil (MO) on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mice fed by a high-fat and high-sucrose (HFHS) diet. Pregnant mice were allocated to four groups: normal diet + corn oil (CO), HFHS + CO, HFHS + fish oil (FO), and HFHS + MO. The total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in MO (51.30%) and FO (48.25%) were comparable (mainly C22:6n-3 and C20:5n-3). HFHS + MO and HHFS + FO had a significantly lower area under the curve (AUC) for the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) than the HFHS + CO group. The HFHS + MO group but not HFHS + FO group had a significantly lower AUC for the insulin tolerance test (ITT) than the HFHS + CO group. The HFHS + MO group had significantly lower homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fasting serum insulin than the HHFS + FO and HFHS + CO groups. Liver sphingosine kinase 1 (SphK1) was significantly higher, while SphK2, Akt, and P-Akt were significantly lower in the HFHS + CO group compared with the normal diet + CO group. The HFHS + MO group but not the HFHS + FO group had significantly higher SphK2, Akt, and P-Akt than the HFHS + CO group. SphK2 had a strong negative correlation with the AUC for the OGTT (r = -0.759, p = 0.001) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) (r = -0.637
The Predictive Ability of Hepatic Steatosis Index for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Large for Gestational Age Infant Compared with Other Noninvasive Indices Among Chinese Pregnancies: A Preliminary Double-center Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as large for gestational age (LGA) infant in Chinese women. METHODS: A total of 1082 pregnant women were included in this study. Maternal basic laboratory data, including ALT, AST, FBG, insulin, TG, and HDL-C, were tested during 6-12 weeks of gestation and anthropometric characteristics were monitored during gestation. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted at 24-28 weeks of gestation. HSI, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) liver fat score, triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) and triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index were calculated. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval for subsequent risk of GDM and LGA by HSI quartiles were assessed by binary logistic regression model. The predictive ability of HSI for GDM and LGA was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and was compared with other indices. RESULTS: The incidence of GDM and LGA were 22.09% (239/1082) and 10.53% (87/826). HSI was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (median, interquartile range: 30.67, 27.20-35.10 vs 27.98, 25.70-30.82, P<0.001). Incidence of GDM was gradually increased with increasing HSI values. Women in the highest HSI quartile had significantly higher risk of LGA delivery than those in the lowest HSI quartile (P<0.05). The area under the ROC curves of HSI for GDM and LGA were higher than other indices, reaching 0.646 (95%CI: 0.605-0.686) and 0.600 (95%CI: 0.541-0.660), respectively. CONCLUSION: Higher HSI was independently associated with higher risk of GDM and LGA in Chinese women. HSI in the first trimester can predict the risk of GDM and LGA.
Regulation of the novel adipokines/ hepatokines fetuin A and fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Fetuin B has recently been introduced as a novel adipokine/hepatokine which is significantly increased in hepatic steatosis and mediates impaired insulin action, as well as glucose intolerance. However, regulation of fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as well as its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period, have not been elucidated, so far. DESIGN AND METHODS: Circulating fetuin A and fetuin B were quantified in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy and gestational age-matched controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay during pregnancy (median gestational age: 201days). Furthermore, fetuin B was quantified during pregnancy as compared to postpartum levels in a follow-up study (median time after delivery: 4years and 115days). RESULTS: Median [interquartile range] serum fetuin B levels were significantly higher in women with GDM (4.8 [1.7] mg/l) as compared to non-diabetic pregnant controls (4.3 [1.2] mg/l) (p=0.013) during pregnancy. In multivariate analysis, GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A were independent and positive predictors of circulating fetuin B. Furthermore, fetuin B serum concentrations significantly decreased after delivery from 4.6 [1.7] mg/l (prepartum) to 3.0 [2.2] mg/l (postpartum) in all women (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have significantly higher fetuin B levels as compared to healthy pregnant control women and GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A positively predict circulating fetuin B. Postpartum fetuin B is decreased as compared to prepartum values suggesting a placental co-secretion of this novel adipokine/hepatokine. Further studies need to elucidate factors contributing to fetuin B regulation in humans, as well as the pathophysiological significance of fetuin B upregulation in GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: fetal liver length measurements between 21and 24 weeks' gestation.; PURPOSE: To evaluate sonographic measurements of the fetal liver, fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly area between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A total of 123 consecutive healthy pregnant women underwent sonographic examination at 21-24 weeks' gestational age. The measurements included fetal biometry, detailed anomaly scan, and fetal body composition measurements (subcutaneous fat, liver size, cardiac muscle thickness, and Wharton's jelly area). GDM was confirmed by way of a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test using World Health Organization criteria within 1 week of the examination. RESULTS: Nineteen (15.4%) women were diagnosed with GDM, while 104 (84.6%) women were without GDM. The mean fetal liver length was 36 mm (95% CI 32-37) in women with GDM and 31 mm (95% CI 30-33) in women without GDM (p < 0.01). Liver enlargement was related to maternal fasting glucose levels and not 2-hour postprandial levels. There was no significant difference in the fetal biometric and other fetal body measurements between the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study suggest that midtrimester fetal liver length appears to be longer in GDM than in normal pregnancies. However, the fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly were not affected. Nevertheless, further, larger randomized studies are required to confirm these findings.
Maternal diet intervention before pregnancy primes offspring lipid metabolism in liver.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has a developmental origin and is influenced in utero. We aimed to evaluate if maternal diet intervention before pregnancy would be beneficial to reduce the risk of offspring NAFLD. In our study, female mice were either on a normal-fat diet (NF group), or a high-fat diet for 12 weeks and continued on this diet throughout pregnancy and lactation (HF group), or switched from HF-to-NF diet 1 week (H1N group), or 9 weeks (H9N group) before pregnancy. Compared with the NF offspring, the H1N and HF, but not the H9N offspring, displayed more severe hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance. More specifically, an abnormal blood lipid panel was seen in the H1N offspring and abnormal hepatic free fatty acid composition was present in both the HF and H1N offspring, while the H9N offspring displayed both at normal levels. These physiological changes were associated with desensitized hepatic insulin/AKT signaling, increased expression of genes and proteins for de novo lipogenesis and cholesterol synthesis, decreased expression of genes and proteins for fatty acid oxidation, increased Pcsk9 expression, and hypoactivation of 5' AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling in the HF and H1N offspring. However, these effects were completely or partially rescued in the H9N offspring. In summary, we found that early maternal diet intervention is effective in reducing the risk of offspring NAFLD caused by maternal HF diet. These findings provide significant support to develop effective diet intervention strategies and policies for prevention of obesity and NAFLD to promote optimal health outcomes for mothers and children.
Berberine Ameliorates Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT Signaling Pathway in Liver of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Rats.; Introduction: Berberine is derived from rhizoma coptidis, a well-known Traditional Chinese herbal Medicine that has been found to be effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in recent years. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of berberine on a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rat model and the related mechanisms. Methods: GDM was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats using a high-fat diet before and during pregnancy. Berberine (100 mg/kg/day) was administered from the 7th to 20th day of pregnancy. Insulin resistance (IR), glucose tolerance, and maternal, fetal, and placental weight were determined. Liver histopathological analysis, as well as analysis of C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), inhibitor kappa B kinaseβ (IKKβ), nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1), and protein kinase B (AKT), was performed at the end of pregnancy. Results: Treatment of GDM rats with berberine markedly decreased IR, the number of dead and absorptive fetuses, maternal body weight gain, and fetal and placental weight compared with GDM without berberine. Furthermore, berberine decreased CRP and TNF-α levels, IKKβ expression, NF-κB P65 nuclear translocation, and changed the phosphorylation of JNK, IRS-1, and AKT in the liver of GDM rats. Conclusions: Berberine improved IR and maternal-fetal outcomes of GDM rats, possibly through modulation of IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT signaling pathways in the liver. Therefore, berberine may be a potential GDM treatment.
In Utero Dexamethasone Exposure Exacerbates Hepatic Steatosis in Rats That Consume Fructose During Adulthood.; Distinct environmental insults might interact with fructose consumption and contribute to the development of metabolic disorders. To address whether in utero glucocorticoid exposure and fructose intake modulate metabolic responses, adult female Wistar rats were exposed to dexamethasone (DEX) during pregnancy, and the offspring were administered fructose at a later time. Briefly, dams received DEX during the third period of pregnancy, while control dams remained untreated. Offspring born to control and DEX-treated mothers were defined as CTL-off and DEX-off, respectively, while untreated animals were designated CTL-off-CTL and DEX-off-CTL. CLT-off and DEX-off treated with 10% fructose in the drinking water for 8 weeks are referred to as CTL-off-FRU and DEX-off-FRU. We found that fructose promoted glucose intolerance and whole-body gluconeogenesis in both CTL-off-FRU and DEX-off-FRU animals. On the other hand, hepatic lipid accumulation was significantly stimulated in DEX-off-FRU rats when compared to the CTL-off-FRU group. The DEX-off-FRU group also displayed impaired very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) production and reduced hepatic expression of apoB, mttp, and sec22b. DEX-off-FRU has lower hepatic levels of autophagy markers. Taken together, our results support the unprecedented notion that in utero glucocorticoid exposure exacerbates hepatic steatosis caused by fructose consumption later in life.
Severe gestational diabetes mellitus in lean dams is associated with low IL-1α levels and affects the growth of the juvenile mouse offspring.; We investigated how maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts the metabolic status of offspring. GDM was induced in CD1 mice consuming a fast-food diet (FFD) by repeated low-dose streptozotocin injections before mating. Offspring of normoglycemic standard chow or the FFD consuming dams served as controls. In 4-week-old offspring weaned to standard chow, plasma concentrations of extracellular DNA, inflammatory markers, and parameters of the cardiometabolic status (glycemia, liver lipid content
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical and Laboratory Findings and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Assessed by Elastography.; OBJECTIVE:  To evaluate the association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), adding liver assessment through elastography and ultrasound, for correlation with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Metabolic syndrome occurs in ∼ 43% of women with PCOS, and NAFLD is the hepatic expression of MetS. METHODS:  One hundred women, 50 with PCOS and 50 controls, matched by age (18-35 years) and body mass index (BMI) were included, restricted to patients with overweight and obesity grade 1, at the Assis Chateaubrian Maternity School, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil. For the diagnosis of PCOS, we adopted the Rotterdam criteria, and for the diagnosis of MetS, the criteria of the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP/ATP III). Hepatic elastography and ultrasound were performed to assess liver stiffness and echotexture, respectively. RESULTS:  The average ages were 29.1 (±5.3) and 30.54 (±4.39) years, for the PCOS and the control group, respectively. Patients with PCOS had a risk 4 times higher of having MetS, odds ratio (95% confidence interval) = 4.14, than those in the control group. Women with PCOS had higher average of abdominal circumference (100.9 ± 9.08 cm vs 94.96 ± 6.99 cm) and triglycerides (162 ± 54.63 mg/dL vs 137.54 ± 36.91 mg/dL) and lower average of HDL cholesterol (45.66 ± 6.88 mg/dL vs 49.78 ± 7.05 mg/dL), with statistically significant difference. Hepatic steatosis was observed on ultrasound in women with PCOS
Influence of placental and peripheral malaria exposure in fetal life on cardiometabolic traits in adult offspring.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal malaria exposure may lead to intrauterine growth restriction and increase the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. We investigated the extent to which fetal peripheral and placental malaria exposure impacts insulin sensitivity and secretion, body composition and cardiometabolic health 20 years after in utero malaria exposure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We traced 101 men and women in Muheza district, Tanga region whose mothers participated in a malaria chemosuppression during a pregnancy study in 1989-1992. All potential participants were screened for malaria, hepatitis B and HIV to ascertain study eligibility. Seventy-six individuals (44 men, 32 women) were included in this cohort study. The participants underwent a thorough clinical examination including anthropometric measurements, ultrasound scanning for abdominal fat distribution, blood pressure, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, an intravenous glucose tolerance test followed by a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and a submaximal exercise test. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to placental malaria during pregnancy had significantly higher 30-minute plasma post-glucose load levels, but no significant difference in peripheral insulin resistance, insulin secretion or other cardiometabolic traits compared with non-exposed individuals. CONCLUSIONS: Using the state-of-the-art euglycemic clamp technique, we were unable to prove our a priori primary hypothesis of peripheral insulin resistance in young adult offspring of pregnancies affected by malaria. However, the subtle elevations of plasma glucose might represent an early risk marker for later development of type 2 diabetes if combined with aging and a more obesogenic living environment.
Impact of imidacloprid exposure on gestational hyperglycemia: A multi-omics analysis.; Imidacloprid (IMI), a commonly utilized neonicotinoid insecticide, has been identified to adversely impact glucose homeostasis. Pregnant women are believed to be more sensitive to toxins than non-pregnant women, and the impact of IMI exposure on gestational hyperglycemia remain unclear. To explore the impact, pregnant mice fed a high-fat diet were exposed to different doses (0.06, 0.6, 6 mg/kg bw/day) of IMI by gavage. Glucose homeostasis-related parameters were measured. The glucose homeostasis influenced by IMI treatment was explored through integrating gut microbiota, metabolomic and transcriptomic analysis. Results showed that IMI-H (6 mg/kg bw/day) exposure notably restricted gestational weight gain and perturbed glucose homeostasis characterized by reduced glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, alongside elevated levels of fasting blood glucose and insulin. Multi-omics analysis revealed that IMI-H exposure induced significant changes in the richness and composition of the gut microbiome. The metabolite profiles of serum samples and cecal contents, and transcriptome of liver and ileum were all affected by IMI-H treatment. The altered gut microbiota, metabolites and genes exhibited significant correlations with glucose homeostasis-related parameters. These differential metabolites and genes were implicated in various metabolic pathways including bile secretion, glucagon signaling pathway, lipid metabolism, fatty acid metabolism. Significant correlations were observed between the altered gut microbiota and caecum metabolome as well as liver transcriptome. For example, the abundance of Oscillibacter was strongly correlated with gut microflora-related metabolites (Icosenoic acid, Lysosulfatide, and fluticasone) and liver differential genes (Grin3b, Lifr, and Spta1). Together, IMI exposure resulted in significant changes in microbial composition, along with alterations in certain metabolites and genes associated with metabolic process, which may promote gestational hyperglycemia.
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in the fetus.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or maternal obesity have been linked to the development of diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver disease later in life with sex-specific manifestations. Alterations in miRNA expression in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity and effects on hepatic development are unknown. Here, we describe how exposure to maternal obesity in utero leads to sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in human fetal liver. METHODS: Candidate miRNA expression was measured in second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women with GDM. Targets of differentially expressed miRNAs were determined and pathway enrichment of target genes was performed. MiRNA and target gene expression were measured in a separate cohort of second trimester primary human fetal hepatocytes (PHFH) exposed to maternal obesity via qPCR and western blot. All studies were IRB approved. RESULTS: GDM-exposed AF had significant increases in miRNAs 199a-3p, 503-5p, and 1268a (fold change (FC) ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female offspring-specific analysis showed enrichment in miRNAs 378a-3p, 885-5p, and 7-1-3p (p < 0.05). MiRNA gene targets were enriched in hepatic pathways. Key genes regulating de novo lipogenesis were upregulated in obesity-exposed PHFH, especially in males. Significantly altered miRNAs in GDM AF were measured in obese-exposed PHFH, with consistent increases in miRNAs 885-5p, 199-3p, 503-5p, 1268a, and 7-1-3p (FC ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female PHFH exposed to maternal obesity had increased expression of miR-885-5p, miR-199-3p, miR-503-5p, miR-1268s, and miR-7-1-3p (p < 0.05), corresponding to decreased target genes expression for ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR. In male PHFHs, no miRNA changes were measured but there was increased expression of ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest sex-specific changes in miRNA and gene expression in PHFH may be one mechanism contributing to the sexual dimorphism of metabolic disease in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity in utero.
Maternal vitamin D administration attenuates metabolic disturbances induced by prenatal exposure to dexamethasone in a sex-dependent manner.; PURPOSE: The overexposure to synthetic glucocorticoids (GC) during pregnancy can predispose to metabolic diseases during adulthood. Vitamin D is not only crucial for fetal development, but also exerts direct effects on the GC sensitivity and down-regulates GC receptors. Given the vitamin D effects on glucocorticoid-related parameters, we aimed to investigate a possible protective role of maternal vitamin D administration on the glucose homeostasis of rats exposed to dexamethasone in utero. METHODS: Pregnant rats received dexamethasone (0.1 mg/kg, Dex) daily between the 14th and 19th days of pregnancy. A subgroup of dexamethasone-treated dams received oral administration of vitamin D (500UI, DexVD) during the whole gestation. The corresponding control groups of dams were included (CTL and VD groups, respectively). Male and female offspring were evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months of age. RESULTS: Prenatal exposure to dexamethasone caused metabolic disruption in an age and sex-dependent manner being the older male offspring more susceptible to insulin resistance, fatty liver and beta-cell mass expansion than females. Furthermore, we demonstrated that prenatal GC led to glucose intolerance in male and female offspring in an age-dependent manner. Maternal vitamin D administration did not influence glucose intolerance but attenuated the insulin resistance, liver lipid accumulation and prevented the beta-cell mass expansion caused by prenatal dexamethasone in the male offspring. CONCLUSION: Maternal vitamin D administration mitigates metabolic disturbances that occur later in life in male rats exposed to GC in utero. Moreover, our data suggest vitamin D as an important nutritional supplement for pregnant overexposed to GC during gestation.
Effects of dietary n-3 PUFA levels in early life on susceptibility to high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome in adult mice.; The maternal nutritional status during pregnancy and lactation was closely related to the growth and development of the fetus and infants, which had a profound impact on the health of the offspring. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) had been proved to have beneficial effects on glucolipid metabolism. However, the effects of dietary different n-3 PUFA levels for mother during pregnancy and lactation on susceptibility to high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome for offspring in adulthood are still unclear. The maternal mice were fed with control, n-3 PUFA-deficient or fish oil-contained n-3 PUFA-rich diets during pregnancy and lactation, and the weaned offspring were fed with high-fat or low-fat diet for 13 weeks, then were subjected to oral glucose tolerance tests. The results showed that dietary n-3 PUFA-deficiency in early life could aggravate the high-fat-diet-induced glucolipid metabolism disorders, including glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, obesity, and dyslipidemia, thus increased the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome of adult mice. Notably, nutritional supplementation with n-3 PUFA in early life could significantly alleviate the glucose metabolism disorders by increasing insulin sensitivity, inhibiting gluconeogenesis and promoting glycogenesis. In addition, administration with n-3 PUFA in early life remarkably reduced serum and hepatic lipid profiles by mediating the expression of genes related to lipogenesis and β-oxidation of fatty acids. Dietary n-3 PUFA-deficiency in early life increases the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome of adult offspring, and nutritional supplementation with n-3 PUFA enhances the tolerance to a high-fat diet of adult offspring.
Maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring.; KEY POINTS: Maternal resveratrol (RESV) administration in gestational diabetes (GDM) restored normoglycaemia and insulin secretion. GDM-induced obesity was prevented in male GDM+RESV offspring but not in females. GDM+RESV offspring exhibited improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. GDM+RESV restored hepatic glucose homeostasis in offspring. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was enhanced in GDM+RESV offspring. ABSTRACT: Gestational diabetes (GDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, is associated with adverse metabolic health outcomes in offspring. Using a rat model of diet-induced GDM, we investigated whether maternal resveratrol (RESV) supplementation (147 mg kg(-1) day(-1) ) in the third week of pregnancy could improve maternal glycaemia and protect the offspring from developing metabolic dysfunction. Female Sprague-Dawley rats consumed a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet to induce GDM. Lean controls consumed a low-fat (LF) diet. In the third trimester, when maternal hyperglycaemia was observed, the HFS diet was supplemented with RESV. At weaning, offspring were randomly assigned a LF or HFS diet until 15 weeks of age. In pregnant dams, RESV restored glucose tolerance, normoglycaemia and improved insulin secretion. At 15 weeks of age, GDM+RESV-HFS male offspring were less obese than the GDM-HFS offspring. By contrast, the female GDM+RESV-HFS offspring were similarly as obese as the GDM-HFS group. Hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and dysregulated gluconeogenesis were observed in the male GDM offspring and were attenuated in the offspring of GDM+RESV dams. The dysregulation of several metabolic genes (e.g. ppara, lpl, pepck and g6p) in the livers of GDM offspring was attenuated in the GDM+RESV offspring group. Glucose stimulated insulin secretion was also improved in the islets from offspring of GDM+RESV dams. Thus, maternal RESV supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy and lactation induced several beneficial metabolic health outcomes for both mothers and offspring. Therefore, RESV could be an alternative to current GDM treatments.
Maternal Supplementation with β-Carotene During Pregnancy Disturbs Lipid Metabolism and Glucose Homoeostasis in F1 Female Mice.; SCOPE: β-Carotene (BC), a substitute for vitamin A, is widely used for its benefits. The present study investigates whether in-utero BC administration can alter lipid and glucose homoeostasis in offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant mice are supplemented with BC (1 mg kg(-1) weight) by oral gavage once every 3 days, for a total of six doses. Increased visceral fat may be caused by up-regulated PPARγ (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma) and RXRα/β (retinoid X receptors) in liver and adipose tissue, and glucose intolerance is observed in F1 adult females prenatally supplemented with BC, while F1 males do not exhibit these symptoms. In females, increased serum leptin, resistin, and IL-6 and reduced adiponectin, caused by visceral obesity, may result in downregulated insulin receptor signaling in muscle and further account for glucose intolerance. Increased pancreatic β-cell mass might compensate for the downregulated insulin gene (ins2). Increased glucagon and α-cell mass, accompanied by upregulated glucagon gene (gcg), might also be risk factors for the development of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal supplementation with BC disturbs lipid metabolism and induces glucose intolerance in F1 female mice, suggesting that BC supplementation during pregnancy should be used with caution.
Gremlin-1 in pregnancy and postpartum: relation to the fatty liver index, markers of bone health, glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus status.; INTRODUCTION: Gremlin-1 is a peptide that functions as an antagonist to bone morphogenic proteins and is overexpressed in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Gremlin-1 has not yet been investigated in pregnancy, pregnancy-related insulin resistance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Gremlin-1 levels were measured throughout the pregnancy of 58 women at high risk for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna. Furthermore, an oral glucose tolerance test, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, sex hormones, blood lipids, liver and renal parameters, and markers of bone development were evaluated at two points during pregnancy (< 20 weeks of gestation (GW), GW 24-28) and 12-14 weeks postpartum. RESULTS: Gremlin-1 levels decreased from < 20 GW (mean = 9.2 pg/ml, SD = 8.4 pg/ml) to GW 24-28 (mean = 6.7 pg/ml, SD = 5.7 pg/ml, p = 0.033) and increased again postpartum, albeit not significantly (mean = 10.7 pg/ml, SD = 13.1 pg/ml, p = 0.339). During pregnancy, Gremlin-1 levels correlated negatively with osteocalcin and procollagen type I aminoterminal propeptide (P1NP), markers of bone health. Concerning glucose metabolism, Gremlin-1 levels were inversely related to the Insulinogenic Index at GW < 20. However, Gremlin-1 levels were not significantly different between women with normal glucose tolerance and GDM during pregnancy. Postpartum, Gremlin-1 was associated with the fatty liver index, osteocalcin levels, diastolic blood pressure and weight. CONCLUSION: Gremlin-1 levels decreased significantly during pregnancy. The biomarker is not related to GDM status, but correlates negatively with the Insulinogenic Index, an index related to beta cell function. Trial Registry Number ACTRN12616000924459.
Maternal Pyrroloquinoline Quinone Supplementation Improves Offspring Liver Bioactive Lipid Profiles throughout the Lifespan and Protects against the Development of Adult NAFLD.; Maternal obesity and consumption of a high-fat diet significantly elevate risk for pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), affecting 10% of children in the US. Almost half of these children are diagnosed with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), a leading etiology for liver transplant. Animal models show that signs of liver injury and perturbed lipid metabolism associated with NAFLD begin in utero
Stress-Induced Premature Senescence Related to Oxidative Stress in the Developmental Programming of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Growth Restriction.; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) refers to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as visceral obesity, dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia/insulin resistance, arterial hypertension and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Individuals born after intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) are particularly at risk of developing metabolic/hepatic disorders later in life. Oxidative stress and cellular senescence have been associated with MetS and are observed in infants born following IUGR. However, whether these mechanisms could be particularly associated with the development of NAFLD in these individuals is still unknown. IUGR was induced in rats by a maternal low-protein diet during gestation versus. a control (CTRL) diet. In six-month-old offspring, we observed an increased visceral fat mass, glucose intolerance, and hepatic alterations (increased transaminase levels, triglyceride and neutral lipid deposit) in male rats with induced IUGR compared with the CTRL males
Comparison of Novel Fibrosis Index (NFI) with Aspartate aminotransferase to platelet ratio index (APRI) in Type II Diabetes mellitus patients with Non alcoholic fatty liver disease and fibrosis (NAFLD).; With India being the "Diabetes capital of the world", nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is becoming the most common cause of liver dysfunction. Varied prevalence of this disease in Type II Diabetics indicate variability in NAFLD risk factors along with the particular diagnostic methods used. Investigations like liver biopsy and ultrasound abdomen have their limitations. Liver biopsy is invasive on the other hand ultrasound has less sensitivity. Several others are in the list, but are cost ineffective. Among the several non-invasive biomarkers, recently developed Novel Fibrosis Index (NFI) is a new addition. Newly developed NFI was developed by observing the various relationships and variations of serum bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase, platelet count and serum albumin in liver fibrosis. MATERIAL: This hospital based observational cross section study was conducted from June 2020 to May 2021in 76 study population of Assam Medical College and Hospital. Type II Diabetes mellitus patients having more than 18 years were included after consent. Alcoholics, pregnant women and patients with secondary cause of hepatic steatosis [Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Wilson disease, Autoimmune hepatitis, Hypothyroidism, starvation, Parenteral nutrition, On medications like (valproate, corticosteroids, antivirals)] were excluded. Novel fibrosis Index (NFI) were calculated by [Bilirubin×(ALP)²/Platelet count(Albumin)²] in study population. Fibroscan 402 is used for fibrosis stage assessment. Ziol transient elastography breaking point were used for staging of fibrosis in study population according to Metavir system of fibrosis. Area under the curves of NFI and APRI for different fibrosis stages were obtained by ROC curves using SPSS software edition 21.0. OBSERVATION: NFI and APRI where able to predict fibrosis stage with correlation coefficient indices 0.5174 and 0.5369 respectively. Area under the ROC curve for NFI and APRI were 0.807 and 0.793 respectively for discriminating F0-F1 and above. Area under the ROC curve for discriminating F0-F2 and above for NFI and APRI were 0.814 and 0.810. Area under the ROC curve for discriminating F0-F3 and above for NFI and APRI were 0.935 and 0.913. CONCLUSION: Aggregate measures of performance across all possible classification threshold for NFI is better then APRI.
Evaluation of serum Angiopoietin-like protein 2 (ANGPTL-2), Angiopoietin-like protein 8 (ANGPTL-8), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and normoglycemic pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of the fasting serum levels of Anjiopoetın 2 - like protein (ANGPTL2), Anjiopoetın 8-like protein (ANGPTL8), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in the etiopathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and analyze the relationships between insulin resistance parameters. MATERIAL AND METHOD: The 90 individuals admitted to İzmir Katip Celebi University Hospital Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Obstetrics, and gynecology outpatient clinic were included in the study of similar ages and similar demographic characteristics. Forty-five women with diet-controlled GDM and 45 women with normoglycemic pregnancy were enrolled. ANGPTL-2, ANGPTL-8, hs-CRP, creatinine, ALT, GGT, lipid profile, HBA1c(%), and serum insülin, c-peptide levels were studied in the fasting serum samples of research groups. All individuals had 75-g OGTT testing. GDM screening was performed at 24-28 weeks' gestation. Exclusion criteria were as follows: Age <18 years or >40 years, pregestational diabetes (type 1 or 2), drug or alcohol abuse, thyroid dysfunction, Hepatitis B, and other infectious diseases (Herpes virus, Streptococcus B carriers, Chlamydia and Candida), Thalassemia carriers or other significant medical conditions, the use of any medication that interferes with lipid or glucose metabolism that would affect glucose regulation. RESULT: Forty-five women with GDM and for the control group, 45 women with normoglycemic pregnant women were identified. The mean gestational age was 30.7 (18-38) for GDM and 29.6 (24-39) for the control group. Serum ANGPTL-8 (GDM =19.5 ± 93 Control = 0.73 ± 3.78 p = <.001). There was a statistically significant difference between the case and control groups for serum ANGPTL-8 levels. Serum ANGPTL-2 (GDM =19.9 ± 23.1 Control = 26.0 ± 23.4 p = .105) and serum hs-CRP(GDM =106 ± 65.1 Control =98.2 ± 87.3 p = .768). There was no statistically significant difference between the case and control groups for serum ANGPTL-2 and hsCRP levels. Serum ANGPTL8 levels were positively correlated with FPG (r = 0.391, p = <.001), FPI (r = 0.212, p = .045), 1-h PPG (r = 0.514, p = <.001), 2-h PPG (r = 0.502, p = <.001), HOMA-IR) score (r = 0.310, p = .003), TG (r = 0.245, p = .020)
DLK1/PREF1 regulates nutrient metabolism and protects from steatosis.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with insulin resistance and obesity, as well as progressive liver dysfunction. Recent animal studies have underscored the importance of hepatic growth hormone (GH) signaling in the development of NAFLD. The imprinted Delta-like homolog 1 (Dlk1)/preadipocyte factor 1 (Pref1) gene encodes a complex protein producing both circulating and membrane-tethered isoforms whose expression dosage is functionally important because even modest elevation during embryogenesis causes lethality. DLK1 is up-regulated during embryogenesis, during suckling, and in the mother during pregnancy. We investigated the normal role for elevated DLK1 dosage by overexpressing Dlk1 from endogenous control elements. This increased DLK1 dosage caused improved glucose tolerance with no primary defect in adipose tissue expansion even under extreme metabolic stress. Rather, Dlk1 overexpression caused reduced fat stores, pituitary insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) resistance, and a defect in feedback regulation of GH. Increased circulatory GH culminated in a switch in whole body fuel metabolism and a reduction in hepatic steatosis. We propose that the function of DLK1 is to shift the metabolic mode of the organism toward peripheral lipid oxidation and away from lipid storage, thus mediating important physiological adaptations associated with early life and with implications for metabolic disease resistance.
Nutrition in early life, immune-programming and allergies: the role of epigenetics.; Early life nutritional exposures are significant determinants of the development and future health of all organ systems. The dramatic rise in infant immune diseases, most notably allergy, indicates the specific vulnerability of the immune system to early environmental changes. The associated parallel rise in metabolic diseases including obesity, childhood type 2-diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease highlights the interplay between modern dietary patterns and increasing abnormalities of both immune and metabolic health. The low-grade inflammation that characterize these non-communicable diseases (NCDs) suggests a central role of the immune system in the pathogenesis of these conditions. Understanding how environmental influences disrupt the finely balanced development of immune and metabolic programing is of critical importance. Diet-sensitive pathways are likely to be crucial in these processes. While epigenetic mechanism provides a strong explanation of how nutritional exposures can affect the fetal gene expression and subsequent disease risk, other diet-induced tissue compositional changes may also contribute directly to altered immune and metabolic function. Although modern dietary changes are complex and involve changing patterns of many nutrients, there is also interest in the developmental effects of specific nutrients such as folic acid levels, which have clear epigenetic effects on programming. Here we examine the current knowledge of the nutritional-programming of immune health and how research into nutritional-epigenetics in the context of allergic disease as one of the earliest onset NCDs can expand our knowledge to discover the biological processes sensitive to nutritional exposures in early life to prevent later disease risk.
The epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of Qatar.; OBJECTIVES: To describe the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological aspects of youth with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Patients under 18 year of age with type 2 diabetes were recruited from 2018 to 2020, clinical data collected, autoantibodies (GAD65, IAA, IA2 and ZnT8), insulin, ALT and c-peptide were measured. Hepatic ultrasound was performed for assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). RESULTS: 104 patients were identified. The incidence in 2020 and prevalence per 100,000 was 2.51 and 23.7, respectively. The age of onset was between 8.5 and 18 years with 74% of the patients being of Qatari nationality. Males were more affected than females (1.5/1). Overweight/obesity was present in 98% of all the patients, a positive family history (either both parents or a single parent) in 71% and maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 60% of patients. More than 90% of the patients had acanthosis nigricans. 5 patients had 1 autoantibody positivity and hepatic ultrasound detected evidence of NAFLD in majority of patients. CONCLUSION: Obesity, maternal GDM and family history of diabetes were the key risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. Autoantibody positivity may be present in youth type 2 diabetes. As youth type 2 diabetes is associated with early onset microvascular and macrovascular complications, these findings have important social and health budget implications for Qatar. Tackling the burden of maternal GDM and childhood obesity and building programmes for early detection and intervention, are therefore, essential to reduce the risk of future complications.
Gestational diabetes: emerging concepts in pathophysiology.; Gestational diabetes affects 3 to 5% of pregnancies in the United Kingdom, contributing to significant maternal and fetal morbidity. Understanding the pathophysiology is important as it guides diagnostic screening and treatment. The insulin resistance of normal pregnancy facilitates provision of metabolic substrates to the fetus and is multifactorial in origin. Recent identification of hepatic and skeletal muscle lipid deposition in Type 2 diabetics, demonstrated by novel magnetic resonance spectroscopy techniques, is likely to be the underlying cause of pathological insulin resistance. Similar mechanisms almost certainly underlie gestational diabetes, although further studies are required to prove this. Women who develop gestational diabetes have demonstrable insulin resistance prior to pregnancy that is part of a chronic process of lipid accumulation ultimately leading to type 2 diabetes later in life. The importance of lifestyle advice and dietary modification and the rationale behind the use of metformin are thus explained.
PAPPA-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans.; Pregnancy is a physiological state of continuous adaptation to changing maternal and fetal nutritional needs, including a reduction of maternal insulin sensitivity allowing for appropriately enhanced glucose availability to the fetus. However, excessive insulin resistance in conjunction with insufficient insulin secretion results in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), greatly increasing the risk for pregnancy complications and predisposing both mothers and offspring to future metabolic disease. Here, we report a signaling pathway connecting pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) with adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy. Adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and we show that, in both mice and humans, pregnancy caused remodeling of adipose tissue evidenced by altered adipocyte size, vascularization, and in vitro expansion capacity. PAPPA is known to be a metalloprotease secreted by human placenta that modulates insulin-like growth factor (IGF) bioavailability through prolteolysis of IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) 2, 4, and 5. We demonstrate that recombinant PAPPA can stimulate ex vivo human adipose tissue expansion in an IGFBP-5- and IGF-1-dependent manner. Moreover, mice lacking PAPPA displayed impaired adipose tissue remodeling, pregnancy-induced insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis, recapitulating multiple aspects of human GDM. In a cohort of 6361 pregnant women, concentrations of circulating PAPPA are inversely correlated with glycemia and odds of developing GDM. These data identify PAPPA and the IGF signaling pathway as necessary for the regulation of maternal adipose tissue physiology and systemic glucose homeostasis, with consequences for long-term metabolic risk and potential for therapeutic use.
Oestrogen receptor α in T cells controls the T cell immune profile and glucose metabolism in mouse models of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The imbalance between maternal insulin resistance and a relative lack of insulin secretion underlies the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Alterations in T cell subtypes and increased levels of circulating proinflammatory cytokines have been proposed as potential mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of insulin resistance in GDM. Since oestrogen modulates T cell immunity, we hypothesised that oestrogen plays a homeostatic role in visceral adipose tissue by coordinating T cell immunity through oestrogen receptor α (ERα) in T cells to prevent GDM. METHODS: Female CD4-cre ERα(fl/fl) (KO) mice on a C57BL/6 background with ERα ablation specifically in T cells, and ERα(fl/fl) (ERα-floxed [FL]) mice were fed 60 kJ% high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks. Female mice mated with male BALB/c mice to achieve allogenic pregnancy and were maintained on an HFD to generate the GDM model. Mice were divided into four experimental groups: non-pregnant FL, non-pregnant KO, pregnant FL (FL-GDM) and pregnant KO (KO-GDM). GTTs and ITTs were performed on day 12.5 or 13.5 and 16.5 after breeding, respectively. On day 18.5 after breeding, mice were killed and T cell subsets in the gonadal white adipose tissue (gWAT) and spleen were analysed using flow cytometry. Histological examination was also conducted and proinflammatory gene expression in gWAT and the liver was evaluated. RESULTS: KO mice that mated with BALB/c mice showed normal fertility rates and fetal weights as compared with FL mice. Body and tissue weights were similar between FL and KO mice. When compared with FL-GDM mice, KO-GDM mice showed decreased insulin secretion (serum insulin concentration 15 min after glucose loading: 137.3 ± 18.3 pmol/l and 40.1 ± 36.5 pmol/l, respectively
Maternal high-fat high-sucrose diet and gestational exercise modulate hepatic fat accumulation and liver mitochondrial respiratory capacity in mothers and male offspring.; BACKGROUND: Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with a high-risk for developing metabolic complications later in life and in their offspring. In contrast, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic dysfunctions associated to lifestyle disorders. Therefore, we investigated whether gestational exercise delays the development of metabolic alterations in GDM mothers later in life, but also protects 6-week-old male offspring from adverse effects of maternal diet. METHODS: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with either control (C) or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet to induce GDM and submitted to gestational exercise during the 3 weeks of pregnancy. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with C-diet. RESULTS: Sedentary HFHS-fed dams exhibited increased gestational body weight gain (p < 0.01) and glucose intolerance (p < 0.01), characteristic of GDM. Their offspring had normal glucose metabolism, but increased early-age body weight, which was reverted by gestational exercise. Gestational exercise also reduced offspring hepatic triglycerides accumulation (p < 0.05) and improved liver mitochondrial respiration capacity (p < 0.05), contributing to the recovery of liver bioenergetics compromised by maternal HFHS diet. Interestingly, liver mitochondrial respiration remained increased by gestational exercise in HFHS-fed dams despite prolonged HFHS consumption and exercise cessation. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational exercise can result in liver mitochondrial adaptations in GDM animals, which can be preserved even after the exercise program cessation. Exposure to maternal GDM programs liver metabolic setting of male offspring, whereas gestational exercise appears as an important preventive tool against maternal diet-induced metabolic alterations.
Study on the relationship between DNA methylation of target CpG sites in peripheral blood and gestational diabetes during early pregnancy.; Genome-wide DNA methylation profiling have been used to find maternal CpG sites related to the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, none of these differential sites found has been verified in a larger sample. Here, our aim was to evaluate whether first trimester changes in target CpG sites in the peripheral blood of pregnancy women predict subsequent development of GDM. This nested case-control study was based upon an early pregnancy follow-up cohort (ChiCTR1900020652). Target CpG sites were extracted from related published literature and bioinformatics analysis. The DNA methylation levels at 337 CpG sites of 80 GDM cases and 80 matched healthy controls during the early pregnancy (10-15 weeks) were assessed using MethylTarget sequencing. The best cut-off level for methylation of CpG site was determined using the generated ROC curve. The independent effect of CpG site methylation status on GDM was analyzed using conditional logistic regression. Methylation levels at 6 CpG sites were significantly higher in the GDM group than in controls, whereas those at another 6 CpG sites were significantly lower (FDR < 0.05). The area under the ROC curve at each methylation level of the significant CpG sites ranged between 0.593 and 0.650 for the occurrence of GDM. After adjusting for possible confounders, the hypermethylation status of CpG site 68167324 (OR = 3.168, 1.038-9.666) and 24837915 (OR = 5.232, 1.659-16.506) was identified as more strongly associated with GDM
Hepatic insulin signaling changes: possible mechanism in prenatal hypoxia-increased susceptibility of fatty liver in adulthood.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly linked to insulin resistance. Prenatal hypoxia (PH) is a risk factor in programming of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and metabolic dysfunctions in later life, although the mechanisms are unclear. In this study, the role of metabolic and histological changes as well as the hepatic insulin signaling mechanisms were determined in increasing susceptibility of NAFLD in the fetus and offspring exposed to PH. Pregnant rats exposed to hypoxia (O(2) 10%) during pregnancy demonstrated decreased fetal body and liver weight as well as liver to body weight ratio, whereas these changes were not observed in the offspring. However, male liver to body weight ratio increased after PH stress. Microscopic analysis demonstrated that exposure to PH resulted in distorted architecture of the hepatic parenchyma cells with reduced cellularity in the fetus and offspring. Blood glucose and insulin levels were lower with enhanced insulin sensitivity and increased expression of hepatic insulin-signaling elements in the fetus. Furthermore, insulin resistance, impaired glucose homeostasis, and altered expression of insulin-signaling elements occurred in the offspring. Postnatal hypoxia increased hepatic lipid droplets and triglyceride in liver, whereas expressions of insulin-signaling elements were less in the offspring exposed to PH except glucose transporters 2. The results indicated that PH contributed to hepatocyte heteroplasia and metabolic changes that enhanced vulnerability for NAFLD in the offspring, probably via affecting insulin signaling pathway, including glucose transporters 2.
Intrahepatic fat is increased in the neonatal offspring of obese women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To assess precision magnetic resonance imaging in the neonate and determine whether there is an early maternal influence on the pattern of neonatal fat deposition in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity compared with the offspring of normal-weight women. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 25 neonates born to normal weight mothers (n = 13) and to obese mothers with GDM (n = 12) underwent magnetic resonance imaging for the measurement of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat and magnetic resonance spectroscopy for the measurement of intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) fat at 1-3 weeks of age. RESULTS: Infants born to obese/GDM mothers had a mean 68% increase in IHCL compared with infants born to normal-weight mothers. For all infants, IHCL correlated with maternal prepregnancy body mass index but not with subcutaneous adiposity. CONCLUSION: Deposition of liver fat in the neonate correlates highly with maternal body mass index. This finding may have implications for understanding the developmental origins of childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Placental extract ameliorates liver fibrosis in a methionine- and choline-deficient diet-induced mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.; Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a severe form of fatty liver disease that is defined by the presence of inflammation and fibrosis, which ultimately leads to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. We previously showed that human placental extract (hPE) was intramuscularly injected to ameliorates liver injury in a methionine- and choline-deficient (MCD) diet-induced NASH model. In the present study, we investigated the effects of hPE using dB/dB mice which exhibit obesity and insulin resistance and are thought to reproduce the pathological background of NASH. The MCD-diet induced liver atrophy accompanied by fibrosis around the liver sinusoids. hPE dose-dependently reduced the perivascular fibrosis. Moreover, αSMA-positive activated hepatic stellate cells increased in number in mice on the MCD diet, with this effect reversed by hPE treatment. hPE significantly decreased expression of Acta2, Col1a1, and Tgfb1 genes in hepatic stellate cells, and inhibited Smad phosphorylation. Moreover, hPE treatment increased the expression of the anti-oxidative genes Hmox1, Nqo1, Cat, and Sod1, and significantly enhanced nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 activity. Furthermore, hPE decreased the expression of Nox4 and attenuated the levels of intracellular reactive oxygen species. These results, along with our previous study, suggest that hPE effectively ameliorates liver fibrosis in NASH. This beneficial effect may, in part, be due to suppression of hepatic stellate cell activation.
Transcriptome analysis reveals disruption of circadian rhythms in late gestation dairy cows may increase risk for fatty liver and reduced mammary remodeling.; Circadian disruption increased insulin resistance and decreased mammary development in late gestation, nonlactating (dry) cows. The objective was to measure the effect of circadian disruption on transcriptomes of the liver and mammary gland. At 35 days before expected calving (BEC), multiparous dry cows were assigned to either control (CON) or phase-shifted treatments (PS). CON was exposed to 16-h light and 8-h dark. PS was exposed to 16-h light to 8-h dark, but phase of the light-dark cycle was shifted 6 h every 3 days. On day 21 BEC, liver and mammary were biopsied. RNA was isolated (n = 6 CON, n = 6 PS per tissue), and libraries were prepared and sequenced using paired-end reads. Reads mapping to bovine genome averaged 27 ± 2 million and aligned to 14,222 protein-coding genes in liver and 15,480 in mammary analysis. In the liver, 834 genes, and in the mammary gland, 862 genes were different (nominal P < 0.05) between PS and CON. In the liver, genes upregulated in PS functioned in cholesterol biosynthesis, endoplasmic reticulum stress, wound healing, and inflammation. Genes downregulated in liver function in cholesterol efflux. In the mammary gland, genes upregulated functioned in mRNA processing and transcription and downregulated genes encoded extracellular matrix proteins and proteases, cathepsins and lysosomal proteases, lipid transporters, and regulated oxidative phosphorylation. Increased cholesterol synthesis and decreased efflux suggest that circadian disruption potentially increases the risk of fatty liver in cows. Decreased remodeling and lipid transport in mammary may decrease milk production capacity during lactation.
Pyroptosis is involved in maternal nicotine exposure-induced metabolic associated fatty liver disease progression in offspring mice.; We have investigated whether inflammasomes and pyroptosis are activated in maternal nicotine exposure (MNE) offspring mice and whether they are involved in MNE-promoted metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in adult offspring. We injected pregnant mice subcutaneously with saline vehicle or nicotine twice a day on gestational days 11-21. Offspring mice from both groups were fed with a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 months at postnatal day 21 to develop the MAFLD model. Serum biochemical indices were analyzed, and liver histology was performed. The expression levels of inflammasome and pyroptosis proteins were detected by western blot. We found MNE significantly aggravated the injury of MAFLD in adult offspring mice. MNE activated inflammasomes and pyroptosis in both infant and adult offspring mice. HFD treatment activated inflammasomes but not pyroptosis at 3 months, while it showed no effect at 6 months. However, pyroptosis was more severe in MNE-HFD mice than in MNE-ND mice at 6 months. Taken together, our data suggest MNE promotes MAFLD progression in adult offspring mice. MNE also induces NLRP3 and NLRP6 inflammasome activation and pyroptosis in both infant and adult offspring mice, which may be involved in MNE-promoted progression of MAFLD.
Continued postnatal administration of resveratrol prevents diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rat offspring born growth restricted.; OBJECTIVE: A prenatal hypoxic insult leading to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) increases the susceptibility to develop metabolic syndrome (MetS) later in life. Since resveratrol (Resv), the polyphenol produced by plants, exerts insulin-sensitizing effects, we tested whether Resv could prevent deleterious metabolic effects of being born IUGR. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Pregnant rats were exposed to either a normoxic (control
Nuciferine administration in C57BL/6J mice with gestational diabetes mellitus induced by a high-fat diet: the improvement of glycolipid disorders and intestinal dysbacteriosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has become a global health concern as the main result of its contribution to the high risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both the mother and fetus. However, there is absence of an ideal and widely acceptable therapy. Nuciferine has previously been shown to exert beneficial effects in various metabolic diseases. This study aimed to investigate the potential therapeutic efficacy of nuciferine on GDM in C57BL/6J mice induced by a high-fat diet (HFD), which has not been reported before. The results showed that nuciferine improved glucose intolerance, reduced lipid accumulation and increased the glycogen content within hepatocytes, and decreased placental lipid and glycogen deposition, thus ameliorating glycolipid disorders in GDM mice. Additionally, nuciferine protected against histological degeneration of metabolism-associated critical organs including the liver, pancreas, and abdominal adipose tissue. Most interestingly, nuciferine could correct intestinal dysbacteriosis in GDM mice, as evidenced by the elevation of probiotic abundances consisting of Akkermansia, Lactobacillus, and Bifidobacterium, which were all negatively correlated with serum and liver triglyceride (TG) and positively associated with hepatic glycogen, and the reduction of conditional pathogen abundances including Escherichia-Shigella and Staphylococcus, and the latter was positively related to serum and liver TG and negatively linked with liver glycogen. Collectively, these findings suggest that nuciferine as a food-borne strategy played important roles in the management of GDM.
Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity in early pregnancy together predict impaired glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy.; Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity individually reflect insulin resistance, but their combined effect on glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy is unknown. A cohort of 476 pregnant women prospectively underwent sonographic assessment of hepatic fat and visceral (VAT) and total (TAT) adipose tissue at 11-14 weeks' gestation. Logistic regression was used to assess the relation between the presence of maternal hepatic fat and/or the upper quartile (Q) of either VAT or TAT and the odds of developing the composite outcome of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-28 weeks' gestation, based on a 75 g OGTT. Upon adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, family history of DM and body mass index (BMI), the co-presence of hepatic fat and quartile 4 (Q4) of VAT (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.5, 95% CI: 2.3-18.5) or hepatic fat and Q4 of TAT (aOR 7.8 95% CI 2.8-21.7) were each associated with the composite outcome, relative to women with neither sonographic feature. First-trimester sonographic evidence of maternal hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity may independently predict the development of impaired glucose homeostasis and GDM in mid-pregnancy.
The interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. Epidemiological studies have reported that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and a high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration are risk factors for GDM in the middle trimester. However, no consistent conclusions have been reached, especially in Chinese pregnant women. A case-control study was conducted to better understand the associations between NAFLD and Hb concentration in the first trimester and the risk of GDM and their interactive effects. Multivariable logistic regression analysis and a cross-product term of Hb and steatosis were used to evaluate the associations between first trimester Hb concentration, steatosis, and GDM and their interactive effects. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using two-sided statistical tests at an alpha level of 0.05. For the study, 1,017 normal pregnant women, and 343 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM (25.22%) were recruited from the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Shanxi Province, China. NAFLD-associated steatosis was found to be independent risk factors for developing GDM compared with grade 0 steatosis, with ORs of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.35-2.89) and 2.27 (95% CI:1.29-3.96), respectively. Meanwhile, a high Hb concentration was found to be a risk factor for developing GDM compared with the normal Hb concentration (OR = 1.88
Features of the metabolic syndrome in late adolescence are associated with impaired testicular function at 20 years of age.; STUDY QUESTION: Are early signs of metabolic disorder in late adolescence associated with features of impaired testicular function many years before the majority seek parenthood? SUMMARY ANSWER: Adolescents with features of metabolic disorder at 17 years, or insulin resistance (IR) at 20 years of age, show impaired testicular function and altered hormone levels compared to those without metabolic disorder. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Controversial evidence suggests a recent decline in sperm production potentially linked to environmental influences, but its cause remains unclear. Concomitant increases in obesity and diabetes suggest that lifestyle factors may contribute to this decline in testicular function. Although obesity has been associated with adverse testicular function in some studies, it remains unclear whether poor testicular function merely reflects, or causes, poor metabolic health. If metabolic disorder were present in adolescence, prior to the onset of obesity, this may suggest that metabolic disorder maybe a precursor of impaired testicular function. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study is a longitudinal study of children born in 1989-1991 who have undergone detailed physical assessments since birth (1454 male infants born). At 17 years of age, 490 boys underwent a hepatic ultrasound examination, serum cytokine assessment (n = 520) and a metabolic assessment (n = 544). A further metabolic assessment was performed at 20 years (n = 608). Testicular assessment was performed at 20 years
Prenatal Choline Supplement in a Maternal Obesity Model Modulates Offspring Hepatic Lipidomes.; Maternal obesity during pregnancy adversely impacts offspring health, predisposing them to chronic metabolic diseases characterized by insulin resistance, dysregulated macronutrient metabolism, and lipid overload, such as metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Choline is a semi-essential nutrient involved in lipid and one-carbon metabolism that is compromised during MAFLD progression. Here, we investigated under high-fat (HF) obesogenic feeding how maternal choline supplementation (CS) influenced the hepatic lipidome of mouse offspring. Our results demonstrate that maternal HF+CS increased relative abundance of a subclass of phospholipids called plasmalogens in the offspring liver at both embryonic day 17.5 and after 6 weeks of postnatal HF feeding. Consistent with the role of plasmalogens as sacrificial antioxidants, HF+CS embryos were presumably protected with lower oxidative stress. After postnatal HF feeding, the maternal HF+CS male offspring also had higher relative abundance of both sphingomyelin d42:2 and its side chain, nervonic acid (FA 24:1). Nervonic acid is exclusively metabolized in the peroxisome and is tied to plasmalogen synthesis. Altogether, this study demonstrates that under the influence of obesogenic diet, maternal CS modulates the fetal and postnatal hepatic lipidome of male offspring, favoring plasmalogen synthesis, an antioxidative response that may protect the mouse liver from damages due to HF feeding.
Transgenerational impact of maternal obesogenic diet on offspring bile acid homeostasis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Studies show maternal obesity is a risk factor for metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Here we evaluated potential mechanisms underlying these phenotypes. Female C57Bl6 mice were fed chow or an obesogenic high-fat/high-sucrose (HF/HS) diet with subsequent mating of F(1) and F(2) female offspring to lean males to develop F(2) and F(3) generations, respectively. Offspring were fed chow or fibrogenic (high transfat, cholesterol, fructose) diets, and histopathological, metabolic changes, and bile acid (BA) homeostasis was evaluated. Chow-fed F(1) offspring from maternal HF/HS lineages (HF/HS) developed periportal fibrosis and inflammation with aging, without differences in hepatic steatosis but increased BA pool size and shifts in BA composition. F(1), but not F(2) or F(3), offspring from HF/HS showed increased steatosis on a fibrogenic diet, yet inflammation and fibrosis were paradoxically decreased in F(1) offspring, a trend continued in F(2) and F(3) offspring. HF/HS feeding leads to increased periportal fibrosis and inflammation in chow-fed offspring without increased hepatic steatosis. By contrast, fibrogenic diet-fed F(1) offspring from HF/HS dams exhibited worse hepatic steatosis but decreased inflammation and fibrosis. These findings highlight complex adaptations in NAFLD phenotypes with maternal diet.
Maternal prebiotic supplementation reduces fatty liver development in offspring through altered microbial and metabolomic profiles in rats.; A maternal high-fat/sucrose diet, in the presence of maternal obesity, can program increased susceptibility to obesity and metabolic disease in offspring. In particular, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease risk is associated with poor maternal nutrition and obesity status, which may manifest via alterations in gut microbiota. Here, we report that in a preclinical model of diet-induced maternal obesity, maternal supplementation of a high-fat/sucrose diet with the prebiotic oligofructose improves glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, and hepatic steatosis in offspring following a long-term high-fat/sucrose dietary challenge compared with offspring of untreated dams. These improvements are associated with alterations in gut microbial composition and serum inflammatory profiles in early life and improvements in inflammatory and fatty-acid gene expression profiles in tissues. Serum metabolomics analysis highlights potential metabolic links between the gut microbiota and the degree of steatosis, including alterations in 1-carbon metabolism. Overall, our data suggest that maternal prebiotic intake protects offspring against hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance following 21 wk of high fat/sucrose diet, which is in part due to alterations in gut microbiota.-Paul, H. A., Collins, K. H., Nicolucci, A. C., Urbanski, S. J., Hart, D. A., Vogel, H. J., Reimer, R. A. Maternal prebiotic supplementation reduces fatty liver development in offspring through altered microbial and metabolomic profiles in rats.
Gestational Cd Exposure in the CD-1 Mouse Induces Sex-Specific Hepatic Insulin Insensitivity, Obesity, and Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Female Offspring.; There is compelling evidence that developmental exposure to toxic metals increases risk for obesity and obesity-related morbidity including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. To explore the hypothesis that developmental Cd exposure increases risk of obesity later in life, male, and female CD-1 mice were maternally exposed to 500 ppb CdCl2 in drinking water during a human gestational equivalent period (gestational day 0-postnatal day 10 [GD0-PND10]). Hallmark indicators of metabolic disruption, hepatic steatosis, and metabolic syndrome were evaluated prior to birth through adulthood. Maternal blood Cd levels were similar to those observed in human pregnancy cohorts, and Cd was undetected in adult offspring. There were no observed impacts of exposure on dams or pregnancy-related outcomes. Results of glucose and insulin tolerance testing revealed that Cd exposure impaired offspring glucose homeostasis on PND42. Exposure-related increases in circulating triglycerides and hepatic steatosis were apparent only in females. By PND120, Cd-exposed females were 30% heavier with 700% more perigonadal fat than unexposed control females. There was no evidence of dyslipidemia, steatosis, increased weight gain, nor increased adiposity in Cd-exposed male offspring. Hepatic transcriptome analysis on PND1, PND21, and PND42 revealed evidence for female-specific increases in oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction with significant early disruption of retinoic acid signaling and altered insulin receptor signaling consistent with hepatic insulin sensitivity in adult females. The observed steatosis and metabolic syndrome-like phenotypes resulting from exposure to 500 ppb CdCl2 during the pre- and perinatal period of development equivalent to human gestation indicate that Cd acts developmentally as a sex-specific delayed obesogen.
Metabolic alterations associated with maternal undernutrition during the first half of gestation lead to a diabetogenic state in the rat.; BACKGROUND: Although recent studies have investigated the effect of maternal nutrition on metabolic programming of the offspring, the question whether a nutritional insult during early gestation favours an altered metabolic state of the mother that persists during the remainder period of pregnancy, when foetal growth is maximal, remains to be answered. METHODS: To address this issue, we analysed the effect of 40% food restriction during the first 12 days of gestation on glucose tolerance, as well as on liver and adipose tissue metabolism, in Sprague-Dawley pregnant rats. RESULTS: We found that undernutrition at early gestation blocks pregnancy-associated accumulation of fat, leading to a net breakdown of lipids that may account for an increased delivery of fatty acids and glycerol to the liver. Together with altered expression of hepatic enzymes, this creates a catabolic state, characterized by decreased lipogenesis and increased β-oxidation, which contributes to the ketonemia of underfed mothers. Furthermore, we observed that undernutrition during early pregnancy impairs insulin sensitivity at this stage and, importantly, exacerbates insulin resistance at late gestation, contributing to a diabetogenic state. CONCLUSION: Undernutrition during the first half of pregnancy not only alters liver and adipose tissue metabolism, but also exacerbates the maternal insulin resistance at late gestation, which may increase their risk of gestational diabetes. GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE: Together, these findings highlight the persistent impact of maternal nutrition during early gestation on the metabolism of the mother during late pregnancy.
Combined impact of Hepatitis B virus and gestational diabetes mellitus on ultrasound-measured fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes: A seven-year retrospective study.; AIMS: To investigate the impact of pregnancy with combined hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes. METHODS: All the pregnant women with HBV infection and/or GDM who delivered at Women's Hospital, Zhejiang University between January 2015, and September 2022 were included. A total of 1633 pregnant women were recruited in the final analysis, including 409 women with HBV infection and GDM, 396 with HBV infection only, 430 with GDM only, and 398 without HBV infection and GDM. Linear and logistic regression models were used to study the impact of pregnancy with combined HBV infection and GDM on fetal growth and adverse perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: Pregnancy with combined HBV infection and GDM was associated with increased Z-scores on primary fetal ultrasound parameters and significantly increased the risk of fetal femur length overgrowth (OR: 2.88, 95 % CI: 1.13 ∼ 7.35), placental abruption (OR: 3.64, 95 % CI: 1.18 ∼ 11.22), and macrosomia (OR: 4.19, 95 % CI: 1.66 ∼ 10.56) compared to pregnancy without HBV infection and GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Both maternal HBV infection and GDM are independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. Their combination further increases the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes.
Role of vascular endothelial growth factor in the pathophysiology of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in two rodent models.; The pathophysiology of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) should be approached as a multifactorial process. In several stages of NASH, a link between disease progression and hepatic microvasculature changes can be made. In this study we investigated the role of angiogenesis in two mouse models for NASH, and the effect of a preventive and therapeutic antiangiogenic treatment in a diet-induced mouse model for NASH. Protein and RNA levels of angiogenic and inflammatory factors were significantly up-regulated in the liver of C56BL/6 and db/db mice with NASH at different timepoints. To examine the effect of angiogenic factors on the disease progression of NASH, a prevention and treatment study was set up, blocking the placental growth factor (PlGF) or vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2). Our study showed that treatment prevents the progression of NASH by attenuating steatosis and inflammation, both in a preventive and therapeutic setting, thereby confirming the hypothesis that angiogenic factors play an early role in the disease progression from steatosis to NASH. Anti-PlGF (αPlGF) did not significantly improve liver histology. Vascular corrosion casting showed a more disrupted liver vasculature in mice with NASH compared to controls. Treatment with αVEGFR2 showed an improvement of the liver vasculature. Moreover, fat-laden primary hepatocytes treated with αVEGFR2 stored significantly less lipids. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate that there is an increased expression of angiogenic factors in the liver in different mouse models for NASH. We found that VEGFR2 blockage attenuates steatosis and inflammation in a diet-induced mouse model for NASH in a preventive and therapeutic setting. Our findings warrant further investigation of the role of angiogenesis in the pathophysiology in NASH.
Cinnamaldehyde potentially attenuates gestational hyperglycemia in rats through modulation of PPARγ, proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress.; Cinnamon has a history of use for medicinal purposes and its major benefits have been linked to cinnamaldehyde. The present study aimed to investigate the hypoglycemic action of cinnamaldehyde against fatty-sucrosed diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ)-rat model of gestational diabetes. Female albino rats were divided into three groups. Group I fed with normal diet (ND) while group II and III were fed with FSD for eight weeks (five weeks pre-gestational and three weeks gestational). Rats of group III were administered with a daily oral dose of 20mg/kg cinnamaldehyde one week before mating onward. At the 7th day of gestation, FSD-fed rats were injected intraperitoneally with STZ (25mg/kg b.wt.) to induce gestational diabetes. Pre-mating treatment of cinnamaldehyde controls hyperphagia and glucose intolerance during the gestational period than in diabetic rats. It also reduced levels of fructosamine, total cholesterols, triglycerides, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), malondialdehyde (MDA) and nitric oxide (NO), while it significantly increased levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, adiponectin, liver glycogen, reduced glutathione (GSH) and catalase activity at term pregnancy. In addition, cinnamaldehyde administration up-regulated the mRNA expression of peroxisome proliferated activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ) and also ameliorated the number of viable fetuses, implantation loss sites, fetal glucose and insulin levels. In conclusion, cinnamaldehyde has safe hypoglycemic action on gestational diabetes by potentiating insulin secretion and sensitivity through activating the antioxidant defense system, suppressing pro-inflammatory cytokines production, upregulating PPARγ gene expression and alleviating the reproductive performance.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in prepubertal children born small for gestational age: influence of rapid weight catch-up growth.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: We studied the association of low birth weight with ultrasound-assessed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) to test the hypothesis that fetal growth retardation followed by a rapid weight catch-up growth might be an additional factor responsible for liver steatosis via insulin resistance (IR) and/or intra-abdominal fat. METHODS: We enrolled 23 children born small for gestational age (SGA) with a rapid catch-up growth within the first 6-12 months, and 24 appropriate for gestational age (AGA) children as controls. All children underwent anthropometric, body composition measurements and evaluation of liver function tests, lipid profile, plasma glucose and insulin levels. Abdominal ultrasonography was performed in order to asses liver steatosis and thickness of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue. RESULTS: NAFLD were observed in 8 out of the 23 SGA children (34.8%). IR and visceral fat were significantly increased in children with hepatic steatosis compared to those without. IR index was significantly related to liver steatosis, independently of body mass index standard deviation score and visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: NAFLD should be recognized as an emerging problem in SGA prepubertal children who presented a rapid weight gain in postnatal life, and IR plays the key role. An appropriate diet during pregnancy and in the first year of life might prevent metabolic syndrome and NAFLD in these subjects.
[Correlation between hepatitis B virus infection and adverse pregnancy outcomes-a systematic review and meta-analysis].; Objective: To systematically evaluate the effect of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection on the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane databases. Two researchers independently screened the literature, extracted data, and evaluated the quality. Meta-analysis and cumulative meta-analysis were performed using R4.4.1 software. Fixed/random effects models were used to analyze heterogeneous and non-heterogeneous results. Heterogeneous modifiers were identified by subgroup analysis. Funnel plots and Peters' test were used to analyze potential publication bias. Results: A total of 48 studies involving 92 836 HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 7 123 292 HBsAg-negative pregnant women were included. In terms of adverse pregnancy outcomes, HBV infection was significantly correlated with the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus [odds ratio (OR)=1.34, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.17-1.53] and intrahepatic cholestasis (OR=2.48, 95%CI: 1.88-3.29), with statistically significant differences. In terms of adverse neonatal outcomes, HBV infection was significantly correlated with the occurrence of neonatal asphyxia (OR=1.49, 95%CI: 1.20-1.86) and preterm birth (OR=1.22, 95%CI: 1.12-1.33), with statistically significant differences. In addition, the cumulative meta-analysis demonstrated that the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm birth both tended to be stable in pregnant women with HBV infection following 2009 and 2010, respectively. The supplementary questions answered for repeated studies had limited significance. Conclusion: Intrahepatic cholestasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal asphyxia, and preterm birth occurrence risk can be raised with HBV infection in pregnant women.
Gender-specific differences in adipose distribution and adipocytokines influence adolescent nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a predominantly adult-diagnosed disorder. Knowledge regarding the epidemiology, phenotype, and metabolic risk factors, during adolescence is limited. We sought to determine the prevalence, phenotype, and predictors of NAFLD in 1170 community-based adolescents in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study (the Raine Cohort) who underwent a cross-sectional assessment that included questionnaires, anthropometry, cardiovascular examinations, blood tests, and abdominal ultrasound examinations. Among the 1170 adolescents assessed, the prevalence of NAFLD was 12.8%. Females compared with males had a significantly higher prevalence of NAFLD (16.3% versus 10.1%, P = 0.004) and central obesity (33.2% versus 9.9%, P < 0.05). The severity of hepatic steatosis was associated with the body mass index, waist circumference, subcutaneous adipose tissue thickness (SAT), serum leptin level, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance score (P < 0.001 for all), and serum alanine aminotransferase level (P < 0.005) in both genders, but it was associated with increasing visceral adipose tissue thickness (VAT
Increased Susceptibility to Obesity and Glucose Intolerance in Adult Female Rats Programmed by High-Protein Diet during Gestation, But Not during Lactation.; Fetal and early postnatal nutritional environments contribute to lifelong health. High-protein (HP) intake in early life can increase obesity risk in response to specific feeding conditions after weaning. This study investigated the effects of a maternal HP diet during pregnancy and/or lactation on the metabolic health of offspring. Three groups of dams received a normal-protein (NP, 20E% proteins) diet during gestation and lactation (Control group), an HP diet (55E% proteins) during gestation (HPgest group), or an HP diet during lactation (HPlact group). From weaning until 10 weeks, female pups were exposed to the NP, the HP or the western (W) diet. HPgest pups had more adipocytes (p = 0.009), more subcutaneous adipose tissue (p = 0.04) and increased expression of genes involved in liver fatty acid synthesis at 10 weeks (p < 0.05). HPgest rats also showed higher food intake and adiposity under the W diet compared to the Control and HPlact rats (p ≤ 0.04). The post-weaning HP diet reduced weight (p < 0.0001), food intake (p < 0.0001), adiposity (p < 0.0001) and glucose tolerance (p < 0.0001) compared to the NP and W diets
Postpartum development of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in a lean mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased postpartum risk for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). GDM-related MASLD predisposes to advanced liver disease, necessitating a better understanding of its development in GDM. This preclinical study evaluated the MASLD development in a lean GDM mouse model with impaired insulin secretion capacity. Lean GDM was induced by short-term 60% high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin injections (60 mg/kg for 3 days) before mating in C57BL/6N mice. The control dams received only high-fat diet or low-fat diet. Glucose homeostasis was assessed during pregnancy and postpartum, whereas MASLD was assessed on postpartum day 30 (PP30). GDM dams exhibited a transient hyperglycemic phenotype during pregnancy, with hyperglycaemia reappearing after lactation. Lower insulin levels and impaired glucose-induced insulin response were observed in GDM mice during pregnancy and postpartum. At PP30, GDM dams displayed higher hepatic triglyceride content compared controls, along with increased MAS (MASLD) activity scores, indicating lipid accumulation, inflammation, and cell turnover indices. Additionally, at PP30, GDM dams showed elevated plasma liver injury markers. Given the absence of obesity in this double-hit GDM model, the results clearly indicate that impaired insulin secretion driven pregnancy hyperglycaemia has a distinct contribution to the development of postpartum MASLD.
The nonalcoholic fatty liver disease-like phenotype and lowered serum VLDL are associated with decreased expression and DNA hypermethylation of hepatic ApoB in male offspring of ApoE deficient mothers fed a with Western diet.; Increasing evidence indicates that the intra-uterine environment has consequences for later life. However, the mechanisms of this fetal programming remain unclear. We aimed to investigate the impact of diet-induced maternal hypercholesterolemia on the predisposition of offspring to nonalcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD) and metabolic diseases and its underlying mechanisms. Female apolipoprotein (Apo) E-deficient mice were fed a control diet (CD) or high fat/high cholesterol Western-type diet (WD) before and throughout pregnancy and lactation, and their offspring were weaned onto a CD postnatally. Strikingly, male offspring of WD-fed dams developed glucose intolerance and decreased peripheral insulin sensitivity and exhibited hepatic steatosis. Hepatic steatosis could be attributed, at least in part, to increased hepatic lipogenesis in E18.5 embryos and decreased serum VLDL levels in adulthood. In addition, males born to WD-fed dams had lower serum ApoB levels and hepatic ApoB gene expression compared with males born to CD-fed dams. DNA methylation analysis revealed increased methylation of CpG dinucleotides on the promoter region of the ApoB genes in the livers of male offspring of WD-fed dams. Our findings suggest that maternal WD intake can exacerbate the development of NAFLD in male offspring potentially by affecting ApoB gene expression through epigenetic alterations.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose abnormalities in pregnant women with hepatitis C virus infection in British Columbia.; OBJECTIVE: There is evidence to support an association between diabetes mellitus (DM) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. The insulin resistant state of pregnancy suggests a predisposition to developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in women infected with HCV. The aim of this study was to compare the prevalence of GDM and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) of pregnancy between women infected with HCV and the general population of British Columbia screened for GDM. METHODS: The HCV cohort was drawn from a population-based prospective cohort of 148 pregnant women infected with HCV in British Columbia. GDM screening tests were completed in 84 women. The prevalence of GDM and IGT of pregnancy in the general population of British Columbia was estimated by acquiring 24 321 GDM screening tests performed by the two major laboratories in the province. RESULTS: Non-compliance was the primary reason for incomplete screening. The prevalence of GDM was 9.5% in the HCV cohort and 6.8% in the screened general population (chi-square test P = 0.33). Similarly, there was no difference in IGT of pregnancy between the two cohorts (2.4% vs. 3.5%
Establishing measurements of subcutaneous and visceral fat area ratio in the early second trimester by magnetic resonance imaging in obese pregnant women.; AIM: Our aim was to establish measurements of subcutaneous fat area ratio (SFAR) and visceral fat area ratio (VFAR) in the early second trimester using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in an obese pregnant cohort. METHODS: Obesity was defined as pre-pregnancy body mass index of 25.0 or more. One hundred and twelve obese pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy gave written informed consent between April 2007 and April 2010. For determining the most suitable MRI slice level, four women lacking MRI slices at the level of L2-3 or L3-4, and two women upon whom MRI was performed at 14 and 19 weeks were excluded, and the remaining 106 women were analyzed. We developed a novel method for calculating SFAR and VFAR at 15-18 weeks using a T₁-weighted spin echo sequence with fluid-attenuated inversion recovery for MRI where fat shows high signal intensity. RESULTS: MRI slices just above the uterine fundus at 15-18 weeks of gestation never included either the fundus or liver, but the other three slices always included either the liver or the uterus. In addition, the mean value of VFAR just above the uterine fundus was significantly larger than those at L2-3, L3-4 and navel position (47.3 ± 1.1% vs 37.3 ± 1.0%, 45.1 ± 1.2%, 45.6 ± 1.2%, respectively [P < 0.001]). CONCLUSION: The most suitable MRI slice level for calculating SFAR and VFAR may be just above the uterine fundus in pregnant women at 15-18 weeks of gestation. The evaluation of clinical significance of visceral adiposity for gestational diabetes mellitus is warranted.
A meta-analysis of the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hepatitis B infection during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Chronic hepatitis B (CHB) infection during pregnancy is associated with insulin resistance. A meta-analytic technique was used to quantify the evidence of an association between CHB infection and the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) among pregnant women. METHODS: We searched PubMed for studies up to September 5th 2013. Additional studies were obtained from other sources. We selected studies using a cohort-study design and reported a quantitative association between CHB infection during pregnancy and risk of GDM. A total of 280 articles were identified, of which fourteen publications involving 439,514 subjects met the inclusion criteria. A sequential algorithm was used to reduce between-study heterogeneity, and further meta-analysis was conducted using a random-effects model. RESULTS: Ten out of the fourteen studies were highly homogeneous, indicating an association of 1.11 [the adjusted odds ratio, 95% confidence interval 0.96-1.28] between CHB infection during pregnancy and the risk of developing GDM. The heterogeneity of the additional four studies may be due to selection bias or possible aetiological differences for special subsets of pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that CHB infection during pregnancy is not associated with an increased risk of developing GDM among pregnant women except those from Iran.
Increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A population-based cohort study, systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is one of the leading causes of liver transplantation in the West. This study seeks to examine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM. METHODS: We conducted a population-based retrospective matched-controlled cohort study utilising The Health Improvement Network (THIN), a large primary care database representative of the United Kingdom population, between 01/01/1990 to 31/05/2016 followed by systematic review of available literature. The study population included 9640 women with GDM and 31,296 controls without GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Patients with GDM and patients developing NAFLD were identified by clinical codes. RESULTS: The median (range) follow-up duration was similar in women with and without GDM (2.95 (1.21-6.01) vs 2.85 (1.14-5.75) years respectively). Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development in women with vs without GDM was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02), which remained significant after adjustment for wide range of potential confounders (IRR 2.70
Attenuated Effects of Bile Acids on Glucose Metabolism and Insulin Sensitivity in a Male Mouse Model of Prenatal Undernutrition.; Prenatal undernutrition and low birth weight are associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and obesity. Prenatal caloric restriction results in low birth weight, glucose intolerance, obesity, and reduced plasma bile acids (BAs) in offspring mice. Because BAs can regulate systemic metabolism and glucose homeostasis, we hypothesized that BA supplementation could prevent diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in this model of developmental programming. Pregnant dams were food restricted by 50% from gestational days 12.5 to 18.5. Offspring of both undernourished (UN) and control (C) dams given unrestricted diets were weaned to high-fat diets with or without supplementation with 0.25% w/w ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA), yielding four experimental groups: C, UN, C + UDCA, and UN + UDCA. Glucose homeostasis, BA composition, liver and intestinal gene expression, and microbiota composition were analyzed in the four groups. Although UDCA supplementation ameliorated diet-induced obesity in C mice, there was no effect in UN mice. UDCA similarly lowered fasting insulin, and improved glucose tolerance, pyruvate tolerance, and liver steatosis in C, but not UN, animals. BA composition differed significantly, and liver and ileal expression of genes involved in BA metabolism (Cyp7b1, Shp) were differentially induced by UDCA in C vs UN animals. Bacterial taxa in fecal microbiota correlated with treatment groups and metabolic parameters. In conclusion, prenatal undernutrition alters responsiveness to the metabolic benefits of BA supplementation, with resistance to the weight-lowering and insulin-sensitizing effects of UDCA supplementation. Our findings suggest that BA metabolism may be a previously unrecognized contributor to developmentally programmed diabetes risk.
Switching obese mothers to a healthy diet improves fetal hypoxemia, hepatic metabolites, and lipotoxicity in non-human primates.; OBJECTIVE: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) risk begins in utero in offspring of obese mothers. A critical unmet need in this field is to understand the pathways and biomarkers underlying fetal hepatic lipotoxicity and whether maternal dietary intervention during pregnancy is an effective countermeasure. METHODS: We utilized a well-established non-human primate model of chronic, maternal, Western-style diet induced obesity (OB-WSD) compared with mothers on a healthy control diet (CON) or a subset of OB-WSD mothers switched to the CON diet (diet reversal
Maternal HBsAg status and infant size--a Faustian bargain?; Information on the impact of maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection on pregnancy outcome is conflicting. Some studies reported an association with increased infant birthweight, which could be interpreted as advantageous to pregnancy. A retrospective study was performed to compare birthweight outcome between 6261 and 55,817 singleton pregnancies in mothers screened positive and negative for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), respectively. The HBsAg positive women were younger, had higher body mass index (BMI) and incidence of overweight, but less gestational weight gain, and were associated with increased macrosomia (birthweight ≥4000 g) in mothers <35 years (odds ratio, OR, 1.28), BMI ≥25 kg/m(2) (OR 1.24), without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, OR 1.19), and in male infants (OR 1.18). It was also associated with increased large-for-gestational age (LGA, birthweight >90th percentile) infants in nulliparas (OR 1.13), age <35 years (OR 1.12), BMI ≥25 kg/m(2) (OR 1.19), with (OR 1.36) and without (OR 1.09) GDM, and in male infants (OR 1.13). When the effects of high BMI, advanced age, GDM, and male infants were controlled for, positive HBsAg was significantly associated with macrosomic (adjusted odds ratio, aOR, 1.15) and LGA (aOR 1.11) infants. In view of the latest findings on the association between high infant birthweight with increased risk of obesity, diabetes mellitus, and various forms of malignancies from childhood to adulthood, further studies are warranted to determine if maternal hepatitis B infection would impact adversely on the long-term health of the offspring through its effect on increasing birthweight.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-A birth cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. RESULTS: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m(2) vs 26.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). RESULTS: There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9 ± 0.6 vs. 27.9 ± 0.6 kg/m(2), respectively
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. METHODS: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m2) and 14 healthy control females (CON
Improved rodent maternal metabolism but reduced intrauterine growth after vertical sleeve gastrectomy.; Obesity has profound negative consequences on female reproduction as well as on the metabolic health of offspring. Bariatric surgery is the most effective method for sustained weight loss. A critical question is whether bariatric surgery can reverse the deleterious effects of obesity on both female reproduction and subsequent offspring. Vertical sleeve gastrectomy (VSG) is a bariatric procedure rapidly growing in popularity because it provides weight loss and other metabolic benefits that are comparable to those offered by the more complicated Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). Female rats rendered obese on a high-fat diet (HFD) underwent either VSG or sham surgery. Like their male counterparts, females had significant metabolic improvements including reduced adiposity and improved glucose tolerance. After VSG, female rats showed a more normal reproductive cycle. Despite these maternal benefits, the offspring of dams receiving VSG were born smaller and lighter than offspring of control dams that underwent sham surgery. When maintained on an HFD after puberty, these adult offspring had a greater propensity to develop glucose intolerance and increased adiposity than the offspring of lean mothers or obese mothers who underwent sham surgery. These data suggest that weight loss alone by obese mothers is not sufficient to reverse the deleterious effects of an HFD and obesity on their offspring.
Maternal taurine supplementation attenuates maternal fructose-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysregulation and partially reverses adverse metabolic programming in offspring.; Excessive fructose consumption is associated with insulin resistance (IR) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and high fructose intake during pregnancy can lead to compromised fetal development in the rat. Evidence suggests that the amino acid taurine can ameliorate fructose-induced IR and NAFLD in nonpregnant animals. This study investigated the efficacy of taurine supplementation on maternal fructose-induced metabolic dysfunction and neonatal health. Time-mated Wistar rats were randomized to four groups during pregnancy and lactation: (a) control diet (CON), (b) CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CT), (c) CON supplemented with fructose solution (F) and (d) F supplemented with taurine (FT). Maternal and neonatal weights, plasma cytokines and hepatic gene expression were analyzed. Maternal hyperinsulinemia, increased homeostasis model assessment of IR indices and elevated proinflammatory cytokines were observed in F group and normalized in FT group. Maternal fructose-induced hepatic steatosis accompanied with increased liver weight was ameliorated with taurine supplementation. Maternal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c and fatty acid synthase expression was significantly increased in the F group compared to the CON, CT and FT groups. Neonatal hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase expression was increased in male F neonates compared to the CON, CT and FT groups and was increased in female F and FT neonates compared to CON and CT. Interleukin-1β expression was decreased in male CT and FT neonates compared to other male groups. Hepatic tumour necrosis factor receptor-1 was lower in the male FT group than the F group. These results demonstrate that maternal taurine supplementation can partially reverse fructose-induced maternal metabolic dysfunction and may ameliorate adverse developmental programming effects in offspring in a sex-specific manner.
Perinatal outcome in normal pregnant women with incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the perinatal outcomes of women who suffered from thrombocytopenia at delivery but did not have other diseases during pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We considered all singleton deliveries after 24 weeks of gestation at Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan between 2001 and 2010. Women were excluded from this study if they suffered from any of the following conditions: chronic hypertension, hepatitis, acute fatty liver, liver cirrhosis, nephropathy, overt diabetes mellitus, connective tissue disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, or immune thrombocytopenia. Pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or fetal anomalies during gestation were also excluded. A total of 18,384 deliveries were included for analysis. Women were divided into three groups according to platelet count at admission. RESULTS: A total of 787 pregnancies (4.3%) were complicated by thrombocytopenia. Thrombocytopenic women had a significantly higher rate of cesarean delivery compared to women who did not have this condition. No other differences were observed among these three groups regarding the rates of adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate that women who suffered from incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery but did not have other diseases during pregnancy were not at increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Sex-dependent changes in lipid metabolism, PPAR pathways and microRNAs that target PPARs in the fetal liver of rats with gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent disease that impairs fetal metabolism and development. We have previously characterized a rat model of GDM induced by developmental programming. Here, we analyzed lipid content, the levels of the three PPAR isotypes and the expression of microRNAs that regulate PPARs expression in the liver of male and female fetuses of control and GDM rats on day 21 of pregnancy. We found increased levels of triglycerides and cholesterol in the livers of male fetuses of GDM rats compared to controls, and, oppositely, reduced levels of triglycerides, cholesterol, phospholipids and free fatty acids in the livers of female fetuses of GDM rats compared to controls. Although GDM did not change PPARα levels in male and female fetal livers, PPARγ was increased in the liver of male fetuses of GDM rats, a change that occurred in parallel to a reduction in the expression of miR-130, a microRNA that targets PPARγ. In livers of female fetuses of GDM rats, no changes in PPARγ and miR-130 were evidenced, but PPARδ was increased, a change that occurred in parallel to a reduction in the expression of miR-9, a microRNA that targets PPARδ, and was unchanged in the liver of male fetuses of GDM and control rats. These results show clear sex-dependent changes in microRNAs that target different PPAR isotypes in relation to changes in the levels of their targets and the differential regulation of lipid metabolism evidenced in fetal livers of GDM pregnancies.
Genetic variation in TCF7L2 rs7903146 and history of GDM negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Risk allele carriers at TCF7L2 rs7903146 have increased susceptibility for both GDM and T2DM. We hypothesized that carrying TCF7L2 risk alleles would further aggravate the negative impact of a positive history for GDM on metabolic traits related to T2DM later in life. METHODS: 210 women with a confirmed history of gestational diabetes and 810 controls without evidence for GDM underwent standardized 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT). Liver fat was quantified in a subset of subjects (n = 444) using magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS: 504 women were homozygous or heterozygous risk allele carriers. The risk allele carriers had a higher risk for GDM (p = 0.0076, OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.11-2.06). Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated that both a history of GDM, or carrying a TCF7L2 risk allele resulted in lower insulin secretion, impaired proinsulin processing and higher fasting and 2-hour glucose levels. Liver fat content was not associated with either a history of GDM or a TCF7L2 risk genotype. There was no significant interaction (all p > 0.05) between history of GDM and TCF7L2 risk alleles on all diabetes-associated metabolic traits tested. CONCLUSION: The TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism is a risk factor for gestational diabetes. However, the additional presence of TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk alleles does not further aggravate the negative impact of a history of gestational diabetes on metabolic traits related to T2DM.
Programming Skeletal Muscle Metabolic Flexibility in Offspring of Male Rats in Response to Maternal Consumption of Slow Digesting Carbohydrates during Pregnancy.; Skeletal muscle plays a relevant role in metabolic flexibility and fuel usage and the associated muscle metabolic inflexibility due to high-fat diets contributing to obesity and type 2 diabetes. Previous research from our group indicates that a high-fat and rapid-digesting carbohydrate diet during pregnancy promotes an excessive adipogenesis and also increases the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the offspring. This effect can be counteracted by diets containing carbohydrates with similar glycemic load but lower digestion rates. To address the role of the skeletal muscle in these experimental settings, pregnant rats were fed high-fat diets containing carbohydrates with similar glycemic load but different digestion rates, a high fat containing rapid-digesting carbohydrates diet (HF/RD diet) or a high fat containing slow-digesting carbohydrates diet (HF/SD diet). After weaning, male offspring were fed a standard diet for 3 weeks (weaning) or 10 weeks (adolescence) and the impact of the maternal HF/RD and HF/SD diets on the metabolism, signaling pathways and muscle transcriptome was analyzed. The HF/SD offspring displayed better muscle features compared with the HF/RD group, showing a higher muscle mass, myosin content and differentiation markers that translated into a greater grip strength. In the HF/SD group, metabolic changes such as a higher expression of fatty acids (FAT/CD36) and glucose (GLUT4) transporters, an enhanced glycogen content, as well as changes in regulatory enzymes such as muscle pyruvate kinase and pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 were found, supporting an increased muscle metabolic flexibility and improved muscle performance. The analysis of signaling pathways was consistent with a better insulin sensitivity in the muscle of the HF/SD group. Furthermore, increased expression of genes involved in pathways leading to muscle differentiation, muscle mass regulation, extracellular matrix content and insulin sensitivity were detected in the HF/SD group when compared with HF/RD animals. In the HF/SD group, the upregulation of the ElaV1/HuR gene could be one of the main regulators in the positive effects of the diet in early programming on the offspring. The long-lasting programming effects of the HF/SD diet during pregnancy may depend on a coordinated gene regulation, modulation of signaling pathways and metabolic flexibility that lead to an improved muscle functionality. The dietary early programming associated to HF/SD diet has synergic and positive crosstalk effects in several tissues, mainly muscle, liver and adipose tissue, contributing to maintain the whole body homeostasis in the offspring.
Maternal obesity has sex-dependent effects on insulin, glucose and lipid metabolism and the liver transcriptome in young adult rat offspring.; KEY POINTS: Maternal high-fat diet consumption predisposes to metabolic dysfunction in male and female offspring at young adulthood. Maternal obesity programs non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a sex-dependent manner. We demonstrate sex-dependent liver transcriptome profiles in rat offspring of obese mothers. In this study, we focused on pathways related to insulin, glucose and lipid signalling. These results improve understanding of the mechanisms by which a maternal high-fat diet affects the offspring. ABSTRACT: Maternal obesity (MO) predisposes offspring (F1) to obesity, insulin resistance (IR) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). MO's effects on the F1 liver transcriptome are poorly understood. We used RNA-seq to determine the liver transcriptome of male and female F1 of MO and control-fed mothers. We hypothesized that MO-F1 are predisposed to sex-dependent adult liver dysfunction. Female Wistar rat mothers ate a control (C) or obesogenic (MO) diet from the time they were weaned through breeding at postnatal day (PND) 120, delivery and lactation. After weaning, all male and female F1 ate a control diet. At PND 110, F1 serum, liver and fat were collected to analyse metabolites, histology and liver differentially expressed genes. Male and female MO-F1 showed increased adiposity index, triglycerides, insulin and homeostatic model assessment vs. C-F1 with similar body weight and glucose serum concentrations. MO-F1 males presented greater physiological and histological NAFLD characteristics than MO-F1 females. RNA-seq revealed 1365 genes significantly changed in male MO-F1 liver and only 70 genes in female MO-F1 compared with controls. GO and KEGG analysis identified differentially expressed genes related to metabolic processes. Male MO-F1 liver showed the following altered pathways: insulin signalling (22 genes), phospholipase D signalling (14 genes), NAFLD (13 genes) and glycolysis/gluconeogenesis (7 genes). In contrast, few genes were altered in these pathways in MO-F1 females. In summary, MO programs sex-dependent F1 changes in insulin, glucose and lipid signalling pathways, leading to liver dysfunction and insulin resistance.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
A Western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice.; KEY POINTS: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy, although their effects on the metabolism of the mother, in relation to feto-placental glucose utilization and growth, are unknown. In the present study, the consumption of an obesogenic HFHS diet compromised maternal glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy in association with dysregulated lipid and glucose handling by the dam. These maternal metabolic changes induced by HFHS feeding were related to altered feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume obesogenic diets during pregnancy. ABSTRACT: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy. However, the impacts of a HFHS diet during pregnancy on maternal insulin sensitivity and signalling in relation to feto-placental growth and glucose utilization are unknown. The present study examined the effects of a HFHS diet during mouse pregnancy on maternal glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, as well as, on feto-placental glucose metabolism. Female mice were fed a control or HFHS diet from day (D) 1 of pregnancy (term = D20.5). At D16 or D19, dams were assessed for body composition, metabolite and hormone concentrations, tissue abundance of growth and metabolic signalling pathways, glucose tolerance and utilization and insulin sensitivity. HFHS feeding perturbed maternal insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy
Transcription profiling in the liver of undernourished male rat offspring reveals altered lipid metabolism pathways and predisposition to hepatic steatosis.; Clinical and animal studies have reported an association between low birth weight and the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Using a model of prenatal maternal 70% food restriction diet (FR30) in the rat, we previously showed that maternal undernutrition predisposes offspring to altered lipid metabolism in adipose tissue, especially on a high-fat (HF) diet. Here, using microarray-based expression profiling combined with metabolic, endocrine, biochemical, histological, and lipidomic approaches, we assessed whether FR30 procedure sensitizes adult male offspring to impaired lipid metabolism in the liver. No obvious differences were noted in the concentrations of triglycerides, cholesterol, and bile acids in the liver of 4-mo-old FR30 rats whichever postweaning diet was used. However, several clues suggest that offspring's lipid metabolism and steatosis are modified by maternal undernutrition. First, lipid composition was changed (i.e., higher total saturated fatty acids and lower elaidic acid) in the liver, whereas larger triglyceride droplets were observed in hepatocytes of undernourished rats. Second, FR30 offspring exhibited long-term impact on hepatic gene expression and lipid metabolism pathways on a chow diet. Although the transcriptome profile was globally modified by maternal undernutrition, cholesterol and bile acid biosynthesis pathways appear to be key targets, indicating that FR30 animals were predisposed to impaired hepatic cholesterol metabolism. Third, the FR30 protocol markedly modifies hepatic gene transcription profiles in undernourished offspring in response to postweaning HF. Overall, FR30 offspring may exhibit impaired metabolic flexibility, which does not enable them to properly cope with postweaning nutritional challenges influencing the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver.
Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations associate with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adolescents independent of adiposity.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (s25[OH]D) concentrations are both associated with adiposity and insulin resistance (IR) and thus may be pathogenically linked. We aimed to determine the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency in adolescents with NAFLD and to investigate the prospective and cross-sectional associations between s25[OH]D concentrations and NAFLD. METHODS: Participants in the population-based West Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort had seasonally adjusted s25(OH)D concentrations determined at ages 14 and then 17 years. NAFLD was diagnosed at 17 years using liver ultrasonography. Associations were examined after adjusting for potential confounders. Odds ratios (ORs) and confidence intervals (CIs) are reported per standard deviation in s25(OH)D concentrations. RESULTS: NAFLD was present in 16% (156/994) of adolescents. The majority of participants with NAFLD had either insufficient (51%) or deficient (17%) vitamin D status. s25(OH)D concentrations at 17 years were inversely associated with risk of NAFLD (OR 0.74, 95% CI 0.56, 0.97
Excess Maternal Fructose Consumption Increases Fetal Loss and Impairs Endometrial Decidualization in Mice.; The most significant increase in metabolic syndrome over the previous decade occurred in women of reproductive age, which is alarming given that metabolic syndrome is associated with reproductive problems including subfertility and early pregnancy loss. Individuals with metabolic syndrome often consume excess fructose, and several studies have concluded that excess fructose intake contributes to metabolic syndrome development. Here, we examined the effects of increased fructose consumption on pregnancy outcomes in mice. Female mice fed a high-fructose diet (HFrD) for 6 weeks developed glucose intolerance and mild fatty liver but did not develop other prominent features of metabolic syndrome such as weight gain, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia. Upon mating, HFrD-exposed mice had lower pregnancy rates and smaller litters at midgestation than chow-fed controls. To explain this phenomenon, we performed artificial decidualization experiments and found that HFrD consumption impaired decidualization. This appeared to be due to decreased circulating progesterone as exogenous progesterone administration rescued decidualization. Furthermore, HFrD intake was associated with decreased bone morphogenetic protein 2 expression and signaling, both of which were restored by exogenous progesterone. Finally, expression of forkhead box O1 and superoxide dismutase 2 [Mn] proteins were decreased in the uteri of HFrD-fed mice, suggesting that HFrD consumption promotes a prooxidative environment in the endometrium. In summary, these data suggest that excess fructose consumption impairs murine fertility by decreasing steroid hormone synthesis and promoting an adverse uterine environment.
Association of maternal diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index with offspring indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about early life determinants of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We examined associations of maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) with offspring markers of NAFLD and liver pathology and examined mediation by birthweight and concurrent offspring adiposity. METHODS: We used data from a UK prospective pregnancy cohort. Offspring underwent abdominal ultrasonography (USS) at mean age 17.8 years. Outcomes included USS-assessed fatty liver, estimated liver volume and shear velocity, a variant of elastography (a marker of liver fibrosis) (N = 1 215) and blood-based markers of liver pathology [alanine amino transferase, aspartate amino transferase, gamma- glutamyltransferase and haptoglobin] (N = 2 359). RESULTS: 2.1 % (N = 25) of participants had USS-assessed fatty liver [maternal diabetes/glycosuria (N = 7) and no diabetes/glycosuria (N = 18)]. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver in confounder adjusted models [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.74 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 2.47, 18.40)] and higher shear velocity [adjusted ratio of geometric mean (aRGM):1.10 (95 % CI 1.05, 1.15)]. These associations were not mediated by offspring birthweight or concurrent adiposity. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was not associated with liver volume or blood-based outcomes. Greater maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver [aOR 2.72 (95 % CI: 1.20, 6.15)], higher liver volume [aRGM 1.03 (95 % CI 1.00, 1.07)] and shear velocity [aRGM1.03 (95 % CI: 1.01, 1.06)] in confounder adjusted models. These associations were largely mediated by offspring adiposity. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was not consistently associated with blood-based outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria is associated with offspring NAFLD through mechanisms other than offspring's own adiposity.
N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Decrease Long-Term Diabetic Risk of Offspring of Gestational Diabetes Rats by Postponing Shortening of Hepatic Telomeres and Modulating Liver Metabolism.; The long-term influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring and the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on GDM offspring are poorly understood. We studied the long-term diabetic risk in GDM offspring and evaluated the effect of n-3 PUFA intervention. Healthy offspring rats were fed standard diet (soybean oil) after weaning. GDM offspring were divided into three groups: GDM offspring (soybean oil), n-3 PUFA adequate offspring (fish oil), and n-3 PUFA deficient offspring (safflower oil), fed up to 11 months old. The diabetic risk of GDM offspring gradually increased from no change at weaning to obvious impaired glucose and insulin tolerance at 11 months old. N-3 PUFA decreased oxidative stress and inflammation in the liver of older GDM offspring. There was a differential effect of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA on hepatic telomere length in GDM offspring. Non-targeted metabolomics showed that n-3 PUFA played a modulating role in the liver, in which numerous metabolites and metabolic pathways were altered when GDM offspring grew to old age. Many metabolites were related to diabetes risk, such as α-linolenic acid, palmitic acid, ceramide, oxaloacetic acid, tocotrienol, tetrahydro-11-deoxycortisol, andniacinamide. In summary, GDM offspring exhibited obvious diabetes risk at old age, whereas n-3 PUFA decreased this risk.
Maternal high-fat diet consumption modulates hepatic lipid metabolism and microRNA-122 (miR-122) and microRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in offspring.; Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and lactation is closely related to hepatic lipid accumulation, insulin resistance and increased serum cytokine levels in offspring and into their adulthood. MicroRNA (miRNA) have been implicated in cholesterol biosynthesis and fatty acid metabolism. We evaluated the modulation of hepatic fatty acid synthesis (de novo), β-oxidation pathways, and miRNA-122 (miR-122) and miRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in recently weaned offspring (day 28) of mouse dams fed a HFD (HFD-O) or a standard chow (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. Compared with SC-O mice, HFD-O mice weighed more, had a larger adipose tissue mass and were more intolerant to glucose and insulin (P< 0·05). HFD-O mice also presented more levels of serum cholesterol, TAG, NEFA and hepatic IκB kinase and c-Jun N-terminal kinase phosphorylation compared with SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Protein levels of fatty acid synthase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase and 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase were similar in HFD-O and SC-O mice, whereas expression levels of SCD1 mRNA and protein were more abundant in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Interestingly, mRNA expression levels of the β-oxidation-related genes ACADVL and CPT1 were decreased in HFD-O mice (P< 0·05). Furthermore, the expression of miR-122 was reduced but that of miR-370 was increased in HFD-O mice compared with that in SC-O mice (P< 0·05). Changes in hepatic lipid metabolism were accompanied by increased mRNA content of AGPAT1 and TAG deposition in HFD-O mice (P< 0·05). Taken together, the present results strongly suggest that maternal consumption of a HFD affects the early lipid metabolism of offspring by modulating the expression of hepatic β-oxidation-related genes and miRNA that can contribute to metabolic disturbances in adult life.
Polymerase I and transcript release factor (PTRF) regulates adipocyte differentiation and determines adipose tissue expandability.; Impaired adipogenesis renders an adipose tissue unable to expand, leading to lipotoxicity and conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. While factors important for adipogenesis have been studied extensively, those that set the limits of adipose tissue expansion remain undetermined. Feeding a Western-type diet to apolipoprotein E2 knock-in mice, a model of metabolic syndrome, produced 3 groups of equally obese mice: mice with normal glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemic yet glucose-tolerant mice, and prediabetic mice with impaired glucose tolerance and reduced circulating insulin. Using proteomics, we compared subcutaneous adipose tissues from mice in these groups and found that the expression of PTRF (polymerase I and transcript release factor) associated selectively with their glucose tolerance status. Lentiviral and pharmacologically overexpressed PTRF, whose function is critical for caveola formation, compromised adipocyte differentiation of cultured 3T3-L1cells. In human adipose tissue, PTRF mRNA levels positively correlated with markers of lipolysis and cellular senescence. Furthermore, a negative relationship between telomere length and PTRF mRNA levels was observed in human subcutaneous fat. PTRF is associated with limited adipose tissue expansion underpinning the key role of caveolae in adipocyte regulation. Furthermore, PTRF may be a suitable adipocyte marker for predicting pathological obesity and inform clinical management.
Prenatal and postnatal pathways to obesity: different underlying mechanisms, different metabolic outcomes.; Obesity and type 2 diabetes are worldwide health issues. The present paper investigates prenatal and postnatal pathways to obesity, identifying different metabolic outcomes with different effects on insulin sensitivity and different underlying mechanisms involving key components of insulin receptor signaling pathways. Pregnant Wistar rats either were fed chow ad libitum or were undernourished throughout pregnancy, generating either control or intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) offspring. Male offspring were fed either standard chow or a high-fat diet from weaning. At 260 d of age, whole-body insulin sensitivity was assessed by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp, and other metabolic parameters were measured. As expected, high-fat feeding caused diet-induced obesity (DIO) and insulin resistance. Importantly, the insulin sensitivity of IUGR offspring was similar to that of control offspring, despite fasting insulin hypersecretion and increased adiposity, irrespective of postnatal nutrition. Real-time PCR and Western blot analyses of key markers of insulin sensitivity and metabolic regulation showed that IUGR offspring had increased hepatic levels of atypical protein kinase C zeta (PKC zeta) and increased expression of fatty acid synthase mRNA. In contrast, DIO led to decreased expression of fatty acid synthase mRNA and hepatic steatosis. The decrease in hepatic PKC zeta with DIO may explain, at least in part, the insulin resistance. Our data suggest that the mechanisms of obesity induced by prenatal events are fundamentally different from those of obesity induced by postnatal high-fat nutrition. The origin of insulin hypersecretion in IUGR offspring may be independent of the mechanistic events that trigger the insulin resistance commonly observed in DIO.
Prenatal Choline Supplementation Improves Glucose Tolerance and Reduces Liver Fat Accumulation in Mouse Offspring Exposed to Ethanol during the Prenatal and Postnatal Periods.; Prenatal alcohol exposure (AE) affects cognitive development. However, it is unclear whether prenatal AE influences the metabolic health of offspring and whether postnatal AE exacerbates metabolic deterioration resulting from prenatal AE. Choline is a semi-essential nutrient that has been demonstrated to mitigate the cognitive impairment of prenatal AE. This study investigated how maternal choline supplementation (CS) may modify the metabolic health of offspring with prenatal and postnatal AE (AE/AE). C57BL/6J female mice were fed either a Lieber-DeCarli diet with 1.4% ethanol between embryonic day (E) 9.5 and E17.5 or a control diet. Choline was supplemented with 4 × concentrations versus the control throughout pregnancy. At postnatal week 7, offspring mice were exposed to 1.4% ethanol for females and 3.9% ethanol for males for 4 weeks. AE/AE increased hepatic triglyceride accumulation in male offspring only, which was normalized by prenatal CS. Prenatal CS also improved glucose tolerance compared to AE/AE animals. AE/AE suppressed hepatic gene expression of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (Ppara) and low-density lipoprotein receptor (Ldlr), which regulate fatty acid catabolism and cholesterol reuptake, respectively, in male offspring. However, these changes were not rectified by prenatal CS. In conclusion, AE/AE led to an increased risk of steatosis and was partially prevented by prenatal CS in male mice.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid prevents hyperlipidemia and hepatic oxidant status in pregnant diabetic rats and their macrosomic offspring.; A considerable amount of clinical and experimental evidence now exists and suggests the involvement of fatty acids and free radical-mediated oxidative processes in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications. Fetuses from diabetic mothers are at increased risk of developing neonatal macrosomia and oxidative stress. We investigated the modulation of antioxidant status and liver biochemical parameters in normal and diabetic pregnant rats and their offspring. Animals were randomly allocated into three groups of six rats each: a control group, a diabetic group and diabetic rats fed with flax and sesame seeds mixture group. The time course of changes in lipid metabolism and antioxidant status by dietary rich in ω3- and ω6-polyunsaturated fatty acids in alloxan-induced diabetic pregnant rats and their macrosomic offspring was studied. Glucose and insulin levels were also assessed in order to characterize the diabetic state of dams and their offspring. The diabetic rats presented a significant increase in glycemia, plasma and liver lipid parameters compared with those of control group. In addition, liver malonaldialdehyde levels significantly increased. Antioxidant enzyme activities such as catalase and superoxide dismutase and reduced glutathione levels significantly decreased in the liver of diabetic rats when compared with controls. Diet supplemented with flax and sesame seeds mixture in pregnant diabetic rats ameliorated lipid parameters, antioxidant enzyme activities, level of reduced glutathione and significantly decreased malonaldialdehyde levels. These ameliorations were also observed in pups whose pregnant diabetic mothers were fed seeds mixture. Our results suggested that flax and sesame seeds mixture supplemented to diet of pregnant diabetic rats might be helpful in preventing diabetic complications in adult dams and their offspring.
Progenies of gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit sex disparity in metabolism after respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin in dams during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare the sex-dependent intergenerational effects of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin on glucose and lipid metabolism in the offspring born to GDM mice. METHODS: The murine GDM was induced by high fat diet. The offspring were grouped based on the treatments in maternal mice. ITT and GTT were performed at 4th and 8th weeks of age, respectively. Serum levels of TC, TG, HDL-C, and LDL-C plus hepatic levels of TG and TC, were respectively determined by enzymatic kits. Western blotting was conducted to detect related proteins in the livers from offspring. RESULTS: The dyslipidaemia, hepatic lipid abnormality, and insulin insensitivity caused by GDM were persistently normalised in male adult offspring by the respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin during maternal pregnancy. Specifically, the decreases in plasma TC, TG, and LDL-C levels (29%, 37.8%, and 57.7%, respectively, p ˂ .05) and in hepatic lipid contents (TC 31.3% and TG 39.2%, p ˂ .05), the increases in hepatic phosphorylation levels of AKT, CPT1A, PPAR-α, and PPAR-γ (57.1%, 91.7%, 68%, and 173.3%, respectively, p ˂ .05) and the inhibition of G6Pase, PEPCK, and HMGCS1 (35.7%, 68.8%, and 77.3% respectively, p ˂ .05) were still observed in the male offspring born to treated GDM mice from 4th to 8th week of age. Unexpectedly, the aforementioned parameters in female progenies in different groups were not significantly changed compared with controls. CONCLUSIONS: Respective treatments in GDM mice during pregnancy with insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin have the long-term persistent effects in male offspring, while female progenies born to untreated dams showed an autonomous inhibition of intergenerational relay of glucose and lipid dysregulation. Our current findings may imply a sex-dependent strategy of medical care for GDM mothers and their offspring.NoveltiesRespective interventions of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin on dams exerted the persisted effects on male progenies.Therapies of three drugs on dams had the similarly improved effects in offspring.Female offspring autonomously corrected their dysregulated glucose-lipid metabolism caused by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in dams.
HBsAg carrier status and the association between gestational diabetes with increased serum ferritin concentration in Chinese women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the high prevalence of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) carriage in our population can explain the previous observation of an association between increased maternal serum ferritin concentration and gestational diabetes in Hong Kong Chinese women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A retrospective study was performed on 767 nonanemic women with singleton pregnancy who had iron status assessed at 28-30 weeks. The result of the routine antenatal HBsAg screening was retrieved from patient records. The HBsAg-positive and -negative groups were compared for maternal characteristics, prevalence of gestational diabetes in the third trimester, prevalence of high serum ferritin and iron concentrations, and transferrin saturation, which is defined as a value in the highest quartile established by the measurements obtained from the HBsAg-negative group. RESULTS: The incidences of oral glucose tolerance test and gestational diabetes were significantly increased in the HBsAg-positive group. The HBsAg-positive women with gestational diabetes had significantly increased prevalence of high serum ferritin compared with the HBsAg-negative women, irrespective of the latter's gestational diabetes status. Multiple logistic regression analysis confirmed the independent association between HBsAg carrier status with gestational diabetes (relative risk 3.51, 95% CI 1.83-6.73) but excluded high ferritin as an independent factor. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that maternal HBsAg carriage could explain in part the association between increased serum ferritin concentration with gestational diabetes in Hong Kong Chinese women, and that HBsAg carrier status is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene polymorphisms increase the risk of fatty liver in females independent of adiposity.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Environmental factors including excessive caloric intake lead to disordered lipid metabolism and fatty liver disease (FLD). However, FLD demonstrates heritability suggesting genetic factors are also important. We aimed to use a candidate gene approach to examine the association between FLD and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in lipid metabolism genes in the adolescent population-based Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort. METHODS: A total 951 seventeen year-olds underwent hepatic ultrasound, anthropometric and biochemical characterization, DNA extraction and genotyping for 57 SNPs in seven lipid metabolism genes (ApoB100, ATGL, ABHD5, MTTP, CETP, SREBP-1c, PPARα). Associations were adjusted for metabolic factors and Bonferroni corrected. RESULTS: The prevalence of FLD was 16.2% (11.4% male vs 21.2% female, P=0.001). Multivariate analysis of metabolic factors found suprailiac skinfold thickness (SST) to be the major predictor of FLD in females and males (odds ratio [OR] 1.11, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08-1.15, P=1.7×10(-10) and OR 1.17, 95%CI 1.13-1.22, P=2.4×10(-11) , respectively). In females, two SNPs in linkage disequilibrium from the CETP gene were associated with FLD: rs12447924 (OR 2.16, 95%CI 1.42-3.32, P=0.0003) and rs12597002 (OR=2.22, 95%CI 1.46-3.41 P=0.0002). In lean homozygotes, the probability of FLD was over 30%, compared with 10-15% in lean heterozygotes and 3-5% in lean wild-types. However, these associations were modified by SST, such that for obese individuals, the probability of FLD was over 30% in all genotype groups. CONCLUSIONS: Cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene polymorphisms are associated with an increased risk of FLD in adolescent females. The effect is independent of adiposity in homozygotes, thereby placing lean individuals at a significant risk of FLD.
Decrease of aminotransferase levels in obese women is related to body weight reduction, irrespective of type of diet.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of low carbohydrate diet (LCD) as compared with low fat diet (LFD) to decrease aminotransferase levels in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 59 women were randomly enrolled in a non-controlled clinical intervention study to receive either LCD or LFD during six months. Apparently healthy non-pregnant obese women aged 20 to 65 years were eligible to participate. Previous diagnosis of hepatic disease, serum creatinine level ≥ 1.5 mg/dL, severe life-limiting medical illness, pregnancy, active participation in other dietary program, use of weight loss drugs, or alcohol consumption ≥ 30 g per day were exclusion criteria. RESULTS: A total of 31 obese women who received LCD were compared with 28 women allocated in the LFD group. There were 3 (LCD group) and 2 (LFD group) women with lost of follow-up. No differences in the proportion of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and hyperlipidemia were noted between women in the LCD and LFD groups. At end of follow-up, there were not significant statistical differences in the anthropometric and biochemical characteristics between women in both groups. The weight loss was 5.7 and 5.5% for women in the LCD LFD groups. Although the decrease of AST (31.7 and 22.4%) and ALT (41 and 33.3%) levels was more elevated in the women of LCD group, as compared with the LFD group, there were not significant statistical differences. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that weight loss, irrespective of the type of diet, reduces aminotransferase levels in obese women with NAFLD.
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated
Maternal obesity during pregnancy and lactation programs the development of offspring non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Obesity induced, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is now the major cause in affluent countries, of the spectrum of steatosis-to-cirrhosis. Obesity and NAFLD rates in reproductive age women, and adolescents, are rising worldwide. Our hypothesis was that maternal obesity and lactation transmit to the offspring a pre-disposition to dysmetabolism, obesity and NAFLD. METHODS: Female mice were fed standard or obesogenic chow, before, throughout pregnancy, and during lactation. The critical developmental period was studied by cross-fostering offspring of lean and obese dams. Offspring were then weaned onto standard chow and studied at 3months. Read-outs included markers of metabolic dysfunction, biochemical and histological indicators of NAFLD, induction of liver fibrogenesis, and activation of pro-fibrotic pathways. Mechanisms involved in programming a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype were investigated by assaying breast milk components. RESULTS: Offspring of obese dams had a dysmetabolic, insulin resistant and NAFLD phenotype compared to offspring of lean dams. Offspring of lean dams that were suckled by obese dams showed an exaggerated dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, with increased body weight, as well as increased levels of insulin, leptin, aspartate transaminase, interleukin-6, tumour necrosis factor-alpha, liver triglycerides, steatosis, hepatic fibrogenesis, renal norepinephrine, and liver alpha1-D plus beta1-adrenoceptors, indicative of sympathetic nervous system activation. Obese dams also had raised breast milk leptin levels compared to lean dams. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity programs development of a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, which is critically dependent on the early postnatal period and possibly involving alteration of hypothalamic appetite nuclei signalling by maternal breast milk and neonatal adipose tissue derived, leptin.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome.; Maternal obesity is associated with a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a common complication of pregnancy. The influence of maternal obesity and GDM on the metabolic health of the offspring is poorly understood. We hypothesize that GDM associated with maternal obesity will cause obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (45%) and sucrose (HFS) diet to cause maternal obesity and GDM. Lean control pregnant rats received low-fat (LF
Maternal alcohol intake around the time of conception causes glucose intolerance and insulin insensitivity in rat offspring, which is exacerbated by a postnatal high-fat diet.; Alcohol consumption throughout pregnancy can cause metabolic dysregulation, including glucose intolerance in progeny. This study determined if periconceptional (PC) alcohol (12% v/v in a liquid diet) (PC:EtOH) consumed exclusively around conception results in similar outcomes in Sprague-Dawley rats. Control (C) rats were given a liquid diet containing no alcohol but matched to ensure equal caloric intake. PC maternal alcohol intake (from 4 days before conception until day 4 of gestation), resulted in offspring with elevated fasting plasma glucose (∼10-25%, P < 0.05), impaired glucose tolerance (P < 0.05), and decreased insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01) at 6 months of age. This was associated with increased hepatic gluconeogenesis and sex-specific alterations in peripheral protein kinase B (AKT) signaling. These changes were accompanied by increased mRNA expression of DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) 1, 3a, and 3b (1.5- to 1.9-fold, P < 0.05) in fetal liver in late gestation, suggesting PC:EtOH may cause epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to metabolic dysfunction. Exposure to a postnatal (PN) high-fat and cholesterol diet (HFD) from 3 months of age caused hyperinsulinemia (∼2-fold increase, P < 0.001) and exacerbated the metabolic dysfunction in male offspring exposed to PC:EtOH but had no additive effects in females. Given many women may drink alcohol while planning a pregnancy, it is crucial to increase public awareness regarding the effects of alcohol consumption around conception on offspring health.
Perinatal exposure to bisphenol A exacerbates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-like phenotype in male rat offspring fed on a high-fat diet.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the environmental endocrine disrupting chemicals, which is present ubiquitously in daily life. Accumulating evidence indicates that exposure to BPA contributes to metabolic syndrome. In this study, we examined whether perinatal exposure to BPA predisposed offspring to fatty liver disease: the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Wistar rats were exposed to 50 μg/kg per day BPA or corn oil throughout gestation and lactation by oral gavage. Offspring were fed a standard chow diet (SD) or a high-fat diet (HFD) after weaning. Effects of BPA were assessed by examination of hepatic morphology, biochemical analysis, and the hepatic expression of genes and/or proteins involved in lipogenesis, fatty acid oxidation, gluconeogenesis, insulin signaling, inflammation, and fibrosis. On a SD, the offspring of rats exposed to BPA exhibited moderate hepatic steatosis and altered expression of insulin signaling elements in the liver, but with normal liver function. On a HFD, the offspring of rats exposed to BPA showed a nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-like phenotype, characterized by extensive accumulation of lipids, large lipid droplets, profound ballooning degeneration, impaired liver function, increased inflammation, and even mild fibrosis in the liver. Perinatal exposure to BPA worsened the hepatic damage caused by the HFD in the rat offspring. The additive effects of BPA correlated with higher levels of hepatic oxidative stress. Collectively, exposure to BPA may be a new risk factor for the development of fatty liver disease and further studies should assess whether this finding is also relevant to the human population.
Maternal hypoxia increases the susceptibility of adult rat male offspring to high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Exposure to an adverse intrauterine environment increases the risk for adult metabolic syndrome. However, the influence of prenatal hypoxia on the risk of fatty liver disease in offspring is unclear. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the role of reduced fetal oxygen on the development and severity of high-fat (HF) diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Based on design implicating 2 factors, ie, maternal hypoxia (MH) and postnatal HF diet, blood lipid and insulin levels, hepatic histology, and potential molecular targets were evaluated in male Sprague Dawley rat offspring. MH associated with postnatal HF diet caused a significant increase in plasma concentration of triglycerides, free fatty acids, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and insulin. Histologically, a more severe form of NAFLD with hepatic inflammation, hepatic resident macrophage infiltration, and progression toward nonalcoholic steatohepatitis was observed. The lipid homeostasis changes and insulin resistance caused by MH plus HF were accompanied by a significant down-regulation of insulin receptor substrate 2 (IRS-2), phosphoinositide-3 kinase p110 catalytic subunit, and protein kinase B. In MH rats, insulin-stimulated IRS-2 and protein kinase B (AKT) phosphorylation were significantly blunted as well as insulin suppression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose-6-phosphatase. Meanwhile, a significant up-regulation of lipogenic pathways was noticed, including sterol-regulatory element-binding protein-1 and fatty acid synthase in liver. Our results indicate that maternal hypoxia enhances dysmetabolic liver injury in response to an HF diet. Therefore, the offspring born in the context of maternal hypoxia may require special attention and follow-up to prevent the early development of NAFLD.
Maternal high-fat feeding through pregnancy and lactation predisposes mouse offspring to molecular insulin resistance and fatty liver.; The exposure to an increased supply of nutrients before birth may contribute to offspring obesity. Offspring from obese dams that chronically consume a high-fat diet present clinical features of metabolic syndrome, liver lipid accumulation and activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK) consistent with the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, in spite of the importance of the resistance to insulin for the development of NAFLD, the molecular alterations in the liver of adult offspring of obese dams are yet to be investigated. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that the consumption of excessive saturated fats during pregnancy and lactation contributes to adult hepatic metabolic dysfunction in offspring. Adult male offspring of dams fed a high-fat diet (HN) during pregnancy and lactation exhibited increased fat depot weight
Factors associated with fetal growth and body composition as measured by ultrasound.; OBJECTIVE: This study seeks to determine which parental demographic and metabolic factors best correlate with fetal growth and body composition as estimated by ultrasound. STUDY DESIGN: Thirty-one gravid patients had ultrasound estimates of fetal anthropometry in mid-third trimester. These measurements included estimated fetal weight, abdominal subcutaneous fat, and/or thigh subcutaneous fat thickness. Independent variables included diagnosis of gestational diabetes, parental demographic factors, neonatal sex, and late gestation estimates of carbohydrate metabolism. RESULTS: In the multivariate stepwise model the strongest predictor of ultrasound estimated fetal weight was basal hepatic glucose production, followed by late gestation insulin sensitivity (total R (2) = 0.27). The strongest predictors of abdominal subcutaneous fat thickness were weight gain and presence of gestational diabetes (total R (2) = 0.25). CONCLUSION: Measures of maternal carbohydrate metabolism, rather than fat mass, explain sonographic measurements of fetal weight. We speculate that factors other than maternal carbohydrate metabolism further explain the variances of fetal adiposity.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder characterised by polyuria, polydypsia, and excessive thirst usually manifesting in the third trimester of pregnancy. The etiology is thought to depend on excessive vasopressinase activity, a placental enzyme that degrades arginine-vasopressin (AVP), but not 1-deamino-8-D: -arginine vasopressin (dDAVP), which is a synthetic form. This is a transient syndrome and may be associated with acute fatty liver of pregnancy and preeclampsia. The use of dDAVP in symptomatic cases has been proven as a safe method for both the mother and the fetus during the pregnancy. We report a case of recurrent gestational diabetes insipidus in successive pregnancies, which responded to dDAVP and subsided after delivery.
Maternal high-fat diet modulates hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis and gene expression in the PPAR pathway in the early life of offspring.; Maternal dietary modifications determine the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult life. However, whether maternal high-fat feeding can modulate glucose and lipid metabolism in the early life of offspring is less understood. Furthermore, we explored the underlying mechanisms that influence the phenotype. Using C57BL/6J mice, we examined the effects on the offspring at weaning from dams fed with a high-fat diet or normal chow diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. Gene array experiments and quantitative real-time PCR were performed in the liver tissues of the offspring mice. The offspring of the dams fed the high-fat diet had a heavier body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, decreased insulin sensitivity, increased serum cholesterol and hepatic steatosis at weaning. Bioinformatic analyses indicated that all differentially expressed genes of the offspring between the two groups were mapped to nine pathways. Genes in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling pathway were verified by quantitative real-time PCR and these genes were significantly up-regulated in the high-fat diet offspring. A maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can modulate hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis, and gene expression in the PPAR signaling in the early life of offspring, and our results suggested that potential mechanisms that influences this phenotype may be related partially to up-regulate some gene expression in the PPAR signalling pathway.
A maternal "junk food" diet in pregnancy and lactation promotes nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease in rat offspring.; With rising obesity rates, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is predicted to become the main cause of chronic liver disease in the next decades. Rising obesity prevalence is attributed to changes in dietary habits with increased consumption of palatable junk foods, but maternal malnutrition also contributes to obesity in progeny. This study examines whether a maternal junk food diet predisposes offspring to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The 144 rat offspring were fed either a balanced chow diet alone or with palatable junk foods rich in energy, fat, sugar, and/or salt during gestation, lactation, and/or after weaning up to the end of adolescence. Offspring fed junk food throughout the study exhibited exacerbated hepatic steatosis, hepatocyte ballooning, and oxidative stress response compared with offspring given free access to junk food after weaning only. These offspring also displayed sex differences in their hepatic molecular metabolic adaptation to diet-induced obesity with increased expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity, de novo lipogenesis, lipid oxidation, and antiinflammatory properties in males, whereas the gene expression profile in females was indicative of hepatic insulin resistance. Hepatic inflammation and fibrosis were not detected indicating that offspring had not developed severe steatohepatitis by the end of adolescence. Hepatic steatosis and increased oxidative stress response also occurred in offspring born to junk food-fed mothers switched to a balanced chow diet from weaning, highlighting a degree of irreversibility. This study shows that a maternal junk food diet in pregnancy and lactation contributes to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring.
Offspring of mothers fed a high fat diet display hepatic cell cycle inhibition and associated changes in gene expression and DNA methylation.; The association between an adverse early life environment and increased susceptibility to later-life metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is described by the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis. Employing a rat model of maternal high fat (MHF) nutrition, we recently reported that offspring born to MHF mothers are small at birth and develop a postnatal phenotype that closely resembles that of the human metabolic syndrome. Livers of offspring born to MHF mothers also display a fatty phenotype reflecting hepatic steatosis and characteristics of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In the present study we hypothesised that a MHF diet leads to altered regulation of liver development in offspring
Ablation of the transcriptional regulator Id1 enhances energy expenditure, increases insulin sensitivity, and protects against age and diet induced insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis.; Obesity is a major health concern that contributes to the development of diabetes, hyperlipidemia, coronary artery disease, and cancer. Id proteins are helix-loop-helix transcription factors that regulate the proliferation and differentiation of cells from multiple tissues, including adipocytes. We screened mouse tissues for the expression of Id1 and found that Id1 protein is highly expressed in brown adipose tissue (BAT) and white adipose tissue (WAT), suggesting a role for Id1 in adipogenesis and cell metabolism. Id1(-/-) mice are viable but show a significant reduction in fat mass (P<0.005) over the life of the animal that was not due to decreased number of adipocytes. Analysis of Id1(-/-) mice revealed higher energy expenditure, increased lipolysis, and fatty acid oxidation, resulting in reduced triglyceride accumulation in WAT compared to Id1(+/+) mice. Serum levels of triglycerides (193.9±32.2 vs. 86.5±33.8, P<0.0005), cholesterol (189.4±33.8 vs. 110.6±8.23, P<0.0005) and leptin (1263±835 vs. 222±260, P<0.005) were significantly lower in aged Id1(-/-) mice compared to Id1(+/+) mice. Id1-deficient mice have higher resting (P<0.005) and total (P<0.05) O(2) consumption and lower respiratory exchange ratio (P<0.005), confirming that Id1(-/-) mice use a higher proportion of lipid as an energy source for the increased energy expenditure. The expression of PGC1α and UCP1 were 2- to 3-fold up-regulated in Id1(-/-) BAT, suggesting that loss of Id1 increases thermogenesis. As a consequence of higher energy expenditure and reduced fat mass, Id1(-/-) mice displayed enhanced insulin sensitivity. Id1 deficiency protected mice against age- and high-fat-diet-induced adiposity, insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis. Our findings suggest that Id1 plays a critical role in the regulation of energy homeostasis and could be a potential target in the treatment of insulin resistance and fatty liver disease.
Prenatal dexamethasone programs expression of genes in liver and adipose tissue and increased hepatic lipid accumulation but not obesity on a high-fat diet.; The association between low birth weight and cardiovascular disease is amplified by the development of obesity. We explored the effects of postnatal high-fat (HF) feeding in dexamethasone (Dex)-programmed rats, in which prenatal glucocorticoid overexposure is associated with reduced birth weight and adult glucose intolerance. Male Wistar rats exposed to Dex or vehicle (Veh) during the last week of gestation were weaned onto HF or control diets for 6 months. Dex-exposed animals were of lower birth weight and showed catch-up growth by 7 wk. There were no differences in obesity or hyperinsulinaemia between Dex-HF and Veh-HF animals. However, Dex-HF animals had increased hepatic triglyceride content compared with Veh-HF animals. mRNA transcript profiles in adipose tissue revealed depot-specific changes in the expression of genes involved in fatty acid esterification and triglyceride synthesis and storage with prenatal Dex exposure. Thus, antenatal glucocorticoid overexposure in rats does not confer increased sensitivity to HF diet-induced obesity, but increases susceptibility to fatty liver. This may be due to depot-specific-programmed alterations in fat metabolism in adipose tissue.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on offspring health are more pronounced in skeletal growth than body composition and glucose tolerance.; Infants of diabetic mothers may have low arachidonic acid (AA) and develop obesity and insulin resistance in adulthood. The present study tested the effect of maternal diabetes and AA supplementation on offspring body composition, bone mass and glucose tolerance from 4 to 12 weeks. Rat dams were randomised into six groups using a 3 × 2 design. The rat dams were treated using the following treatments: saline-placebo, streptozotocin-induced diabetes (STZ) with glucose controlled at < 13 mmol/l (STZ/GC) or poorly controlled at 13-20 mmol/l (STZ/PC) using insulin, and fed either a control or an AA (0.5 % of fat) diet throughout reproduction. Weaned offspring were fed regular chow. Measurements included offspring body composition, bone and oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) plus liver fatty acids of dam and offspring. Comparable to saline-placebo offspring, the STZ/GC offspring had greater (P < 0.03) whole body and regional bone area than STZ/PC offspring. Maternal glucose negatively correlated (P < 0.05) with offspring whole body bone area and mineral content at 4 weeks in all offspring, and with tibia area in males at 12 weeks. Maternal liver DHA negatively (P < 0.03) correlated with femur and tibia mineral content and tibia mineral density of female offspring at 12 weeks. Offspring from AA-supplemented dams had higher (P = 0.004) liver AA at 4 weeks. Liver AA at 4 weeks positively (P = 0.05) correlated with lumbar spine mineral density in males. OGTT was not affected by maternal treatment or diet. These results suggest that maternal glucose control has long-term consequences to bone health of adult offspring. Skeletal growth appears more sensitive to maternal hyperglycaemia than glucose tolerance.
Altered cellular redox status, sirtuin abundance and clock gene expression in a mouse model of developmentally primed NASH.; BACKGROUND: We have previously shown that high fat (HF) feeding during pregnancy primes the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatits (NASH) in the adult offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms are unclear. AIMS: Since the endogenous molecular clock can regulate hepatic lipid metabolism, we investigated whether exposure to a HF diet during development could alter hepatic clock gene expression and contribute to NASH onset in later life. METHODS: Female mice were fed either a control (C, 7%kcal fat) or HF (45%kcal fat) diet. Offspring were fed either a C or HF diet resulting in four offspring groups: C/C, C/HF, HF/C and HF/HF. NAFLD progression, cellular redox status, sirtuin expression (Sirt1, Sirt3), and the expression of core clock genes (Clock, Bmal1, Per2, Cry2) and clock-controlled genes involved in lipid metabolism (Rev-Erbα, Rev-Erbβ, RORα, and Srebp1c) were measured in offspring livers. RESULTS: Offspring fed a HF diet developed NAFLD. However HF fed offspring of mothers fed a HF diet developed NASH, coupled with significantly reduced NAD(+)/NADH (p<0.05, HF/HF vs C/C), Sirt1 (p<0.001, HF/HF vs C/C), Sirt3 (p<0.01, HF/HF vs C/C), perturbed clock gene expression, and elevated expression of genes involved lipid metabolism, such as Srebp1c (p<0.05, C/HF and HF/HF vs C/C). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that exposure to excess dietary fat during early and post-natal life increases the susceptibility to develop NASH in adulthood, involving altered cellular redox status, reduced sirtuin abundance, and desynchronized clock gene expression.
A pilot study of vitamin E versus vitamin E and pioglitazone for the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Insulin resistance and oxidative stress contribute to the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). We conducted a pilot study for the following reasons: (1) to test the hypothesis that a combination of an antioxidant (vitamin E) and an insulin sensitizer (pioglitazone) would be superior to vitamin E alone for the treatment of NASH, and (2) to define the effects of these interventions on insulin-sensitive metabolic functions and correlate the effects with changes in liver histology. METHODS: A randomized prospective trial was performed to compare the efficacy and safety of vitamin E alone (400 IU/day) vs. vitamin E (400 IU/day) and pioglitazone (30 mg/day) in nondiabetic, noncirrhotic subjects with NASH. Metabolic functions were assessed by a 2-step, hyperinsulinemic (10 and 40 mU/m2/min) euglycemic clamp. RESULTS: A total of 10 patients were randomized to each arm. Two patients on combination therapy discontinued treatment
Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) drives postprandial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in pregnant women with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass operation.; BACKGROUND: The influential role of incretin hormones on glucose metabolism in patients with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) has been investigated thoroughly, but there has been little examination of the effect of incretins and ectopic lipids on altered glucose profiles, especially severe hypoglycemia in pregnant women with RYGB. METHODS: In this prospective clinical study, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) were conducted in 25 women with RYGB during pregnancy, 19 of normal weight (NW) and 19 with obesity (OB) between the 24th and the 28th weeks of pregnancy, and 3 to 6 months post-partum. Post-partum, the ectopic lipid content in the liver, heart, and skeletal muscle was analyzed using (1)H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy ((1)H-MRS). RESULTS: RYGB patients presented with major fluctuations in glucose profiles, including a high occurrence of postprandial hyperglycemic spikes and hypoglycemic events during the day, as well as a high risk of hypoglycemic periods during the night (2.9 ± 1.1% vs. 0.1 ± 0.2% in the OB and vs. 0.8 ± 0.6% in the NW groups, p < 0.001). During the extended OGTT, RYGB patients presented with exaggerated expression of GLP-1, which was the main driver of the exaggerated risk of postprandial hypoglycemia in a time-lagged correlation analysis. Basal and dynamic GLP-1 levels were not related to insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, or beta cell function and did not differ between pregnant women with and without GDM. A lower amount of liver fat (2.34 ± 5.22% vs.5.68 ± 4.42%, p = 0.015), which was positively related to insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR: rho = 0.61, p = 0.002) and beta-cell function (insulinogenic index: rho = 0.65, p = 0.001), was observed in the RYGB group after delivery in comparison to the OB group. CONCLUSION: GLP-1 is mainly involved in the regulation of postprandial glucose metabolism and therefore especially in the development of postprandial hypoglycemia in pregnant RYGB patients, who are characterized by major alterations in glucose profiles, and thus in long-term regulation, multiple organ-related mechanisms, such as the lipid content in the liver, must be involved.
Intermediate metabolism in association with the amino acid profile during the third trimester of normal pregnancy and diet-controlled gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the levels of fasting maternal plasma amino acids in normal pregnant women and compare them with those in gestational diabetes controlled by diet only. We also wished to delineate the alterations occurring in intermediate metabolic pathways in gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Forty-six (64.7%) pregnant women with uncomplicated pregnancy (NP group) and 25 (35.2%) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group) at 30-33 weeks of gestation participated in the study. Fasting maternal plasma carnitine (total, free, and acyl-carnitine), beta-hydroxybutyrate, free fatty acids, glycosylated hemoglobin, and 21 amino acids were assayed. RESULTS: Fasting carnitine esters exhibited lower levels in the GDM group (P = .03). Higher levels of fasting beta-hydroxybutyrate and free fatty acids (P < .001 and .02, respectively) were observed in the GDM group. Of the 21 amino acids, only methionine, glycine, alanine, citrulline, and ornithine levels were found at significantly higher levels in the NP group (P = .03, P < .001, P = .01, P < .001, and P < .001, respectively). CONCLUSION: In gestational diabetes, ketogenic amino acids and the branched-chain amino acid isoleucine are released at low rates from skeletal muscle and are mostly catabolized in the liver rather than in peripheral tissues. In contrast, in normal pregnancy proteinolysis is enhanced, and the ketogenic amino acids along with branched-chain amino acids are catabolized in both the liver and peripheral tissues. As a result, ketogenic amino acids are fully oxidized and gluconeogenesis becomes more efficient, whereas urea cycle operates at a higher rate.
[Dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia: a new target for treatment?].; Dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia is currently the most frequent cause of elevated ferritin levels in the general population. Whether dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia is a cause or an effect of insulin resistance is still a matter of debate. Still, several findings have been well established: increased iron intake or elevated ferritin levels are individual risk factors for diabetes, metabolic syndrome or gestational diabetes. When in presence of dysmetabolic hyperferritinemia, a small number of randomized controlled trials have suggested that therapeutic measures aimed at reducing ferritin levels such as low red meat consumption, deferoxamin or therapeutic phlebotomies have shown a beneficial effect on glucose homeostasis, lipid profile and impaired hepatic markers observed in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
History of gestational diabetes leads to distinct metabolic alterations in nondiabetic African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positive parental history of type 2 diabetes are predictors of the future development of type 2 diabetes in several populations. However, the relative importance of parental history of diabetes and/or history of GDM as risk factors for the pathogenesis of diabetes in African-Americans remains unknown. Thus, the objectives of the present study were 1) to characterize the glucose homeostatic regulations and 2) to examine the contribution of parental history of type 2 diabetes to the potential metabolic alterations found in nondiabetic African-American women with a history of GDM (HGDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We evaluated beta-cell secretion, insulin sensitivity (SI), and glucose-dependent glucose disposal (SG) in 15 glucose-tolerant African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes and prior GDM (HGDM) and 35 women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes but without prior GDM (NHGDM). Fifteen healthy nonobese nondiabetic subjects without a family history of diabetes served as control subjects. Body composition was determined by bioelectrical impedance analyzer, and body fat distribution pattern was determined by waist-to-hip ratio (WHR). Insulin-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance (FSIGT) test was performed in each subject. SI and SG were determined by the minimal model method. RESULTS: The mean age, BMI, percent body fat content, and lean body mass were not different between the subgroups of relatives with and without a history of GDM, but were greater than those of the healthy control subjects. Mean fasting and postchallenge serum glucose levels were slightly but significantly greater in the HGDM versus NHGDM subjects and the healthy control subjects. However, the 2-h glucose levels were greater in the relatives with and without GDM when compared with the healthy control subjects. In contrast, mean postprandial serum insulin responses were significantly lower between t = 30 and 120 min in the HGDM versus NHGDM groups and the healthy control subjects. The mean serum insulin levels were not different in the NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects. During the FSIGT test, acute first-phase insulin release (t = 0-5 min) was significantly lower in the HGDM versus NHGDM groups and healthy control subjects. Mean SI was significantly (P < 0.05) lower in the HGDM versus NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects (1.87 +/- 0.47 vs. 2.87 +/- 0.35 and 3.09 +/- 0.27 x 10(-4).min-1.[microU/ml]-1, respectively). SG was significantly lower in HGDM than NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects (2.11 +/- 0.15 vs. 3.25 +/- 0.50 and 2.77 +/- 0.22 x 10(-2).min-1, respectively). Mean glucose effectiveness at zero insulin concentrations (GEZI) was significantly lower in the HGDM subjects when compared with the NHGDM and healthy control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrates that in African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes and GDM, defects in early-phase beta-cell secretion, as well as a decreased SI, SG, and GEZI, persist when compared with those without GDM. We suggest that African-American women with a positive history of GDM have additional genetic defects that perhaps differ from that conferred by a parental history of diabetes alone. Alternatively, the metabolic and hormonal milieu during GDM may be associated with permanent alterations in beta-cell function, SI, and glucose effectiveness in African-American women. These defects could play a significant role in the development of GDM, and perhaps in the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes, in African-American women.
[Effects of resolving method of Chinese medicine on the lipid metabolism in polycystic ovary syndrome accompanied with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease].; OBJECTIVE: To observe the therapeutic effect of resolving method of Chinese medicine (CM) on the lipid metabolism in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients accompanied with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), to analyze the correlation between PCOS and NAFLD, and to study its mechanisms. METHODS: Totally 70 female PCOS patients in the reproductive age (20 -40 years old) were recruited. Among them, 35 PCOS patients accompanied with NAFLD were recruited as Group A, and 35 PCOS patients without complicated NAFLD were recruited as Group B. At the same time, 20 healthy female volunteers were recruited as the control group. All subjects had their personal medical records after relevant questionnaire. Their clinical data including body height (BH), body weight (BW), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), testosterone (T), prolactin (PRL), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), estradiol (E2), leptin, fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), 2 h postprandial blood glucose (2 h PBG), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), etc. were detected. Patients in Group A were treated by the resolving method for 3 months. The follow-up was continued for 6 months after ending treatment. RESULTS: The levels of BW, BMI, WHR, T, LH, LH/FSH, leptin, FINS, 2 h PBG, HOMA-IR, and LDL-C were significantly higher in Group B than in the control group (P < 0.05). The level of FSH was significantly lower in Group B than in the control group (P < 0.05). The levels of BW, BMI, WC, HC, waist-hip-ratio (WHR), leptin, FINS, 2 h PBG, HOMA-IR, TG, LDL-C, ALT, and AST were significantly higher in Group A than in Group B (P < 0.05). The HDL-C level was significantly lower in Group A than in Group B (P < 0.05). In Group A after treatment by resolving method of CM, the menstrual cycle was recovered in 83.87% patients (26/31 cases), reduced fatty liver degree or disappearance of fatty liver degree occurred in 32.26% patients (10/31 cases), with the total effective rate being 85.71% (24/28 cases).48.28% (14/29) patients were pregnant. The levels of BW, BMI, FBG, leptin, TG, ALT, and AST significantly decreased when compared with those before treatment (P < 0.05). The level of SHBG significantly increased (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the levels of HOMA-IR, FINS, T, FSH, LH, or LH/FSH between before and after treatment (P > 0. 05). CONCLUSIONS: The metabolic disorder of glycolipid exists in PCOS patients, and more serious in PCOS patients accompanied with NAFLD. Resolving method can effectively restore the metabolic disturbance in PCOS patients accompanied with NAFLD, recover their fatty liver degrees, recover normal menstrual cycles, and elevate their pregnancy rates. Further studies are necessary on whether its mechanisms lie on lowering leptin levels and correcting lipid metabolisms to relieve patient's clinical symptoms.
High-fructose diet in pregnancy leads to fetal programming of hypertension, insulin resistance, and obesity in adult offspring.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of fructose-rich diets in the United States is on the rise and thought to be associated with obesity and cardiometabolic diseases. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the effects of antenatal exposure to high-fructose diet on offspring's development of metabolic syndrome-like phenotype and other cardiovascular disease risk factors later in life. STUDY DESIGN: Pregnant C57BL/6J dams were randomly allocated to fructose solution (10% wt/vol, n = 10) or water (n = 10) as the only drinking fluid from day 1 of pregnancy until delivery. After weaning, pups were started on regular chow, and evaluated at 1 year of life. We measured percent visceral adipose tissue and liver fat infiltrates using computed tomography, and blood pressure using CODA nonivasive monitor. Intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing with corresponding insulin concentrations were obtained. Serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, leptin, and adiponectin were measured in duplicate using standardized assays. Fasting homeostatic model assessment was also calculated to assess insulin resistance. P values <.05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Maternal weight, pup number, and average weight at birth were similar between the 2 groups. Male and female fructose group offspring had higher peak glucose and area under the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing curve compared with control, and higher mean arterial pressure compared to control. Female fructose group offspring were heavier and had higher percent visceral adipose tissue, liver fat infiltrates, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance scores, insulin area under the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing curve, and serum concentrations of leptin, and lower concentrations of adiponectin compared to female control offspring. No significant differences in these parameters were noted in male offspring. Serum concentrations of triglycerides or total cholesterol were not different between the 2 groups for either gender. CONCLUSION: Maternal intake of high fructose leads to fetal programming of adult obesity, hypertension, and metabolic dysfunction, all risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This fetal programming is more pronounced in female offspring. Limiting intake of high fructose-enriched diets in pregnancy may have significant impact on long-term health.
Maternal Fructose Intake, Programmed Mitochondrial Function and Predisposition to Adult Disease.; Fructose consumption is now recognised as a major risk factor in the development of metabolic diseases, such as hyperlipidaemia, diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and obesity. In addition to environmental, social, and genetic factors, an unfavourable intrauterine environment is now also recognised as an important factor in the progression of, or susceptibility to, metabolic disease during adulthood. Developmental trajectory in the short term, in response to nutrient restriction or excessive nutrient availability, may promote adaptation that serves to maintain organ functionality necessary for immediate survival and foetal development. Consequently, this may lead to decreased function of organ systems when presented with an unfavourable neonatal, adolescent and/or adult nutritional environment. These early events may exacerbate susceptibility to later-life disease since sub-optimal maternal nutrition increases the risk of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in future generations. Earlier dietary interventions, implemented in pregnant mothers or those considering pregnancy, may have added benefit. Although, the mechanisms by which maternal diets high in fructose and the vertical transmission of maternal metabolic phenotype may lead to the predisposition to adult disease are poorly understood. In this review, we will discuss the potential contribution of excessive fructose intake during pregnancy and how this may lead to developmental reprogramming of mitochondrial function and predisposition to metabolic disease in offspring.
Severe maternal stress alters placental function, resulting in adipose tissue and liver dysfunction in offspring of mice.; The developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis is that future lifestyle diseases in offspring are associated with intrauterine origins in the mother
The effects of hepatitis B virus infection on natural and IVF pregnancy: A meta-analysis study.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) has been considered a significant cause of human reproductive failure in different studies
Heterogeneous metabolic changes of brown and white adipose tissues are associated with metabolic adaptations in periparturient mice.; Pregnancy requires metabolic adaptations in order to meet support fetal growth with nutrient availability. In this study, the influence of pregnancy on metabolically active organs (adipose tissues in particular) was investigated. Our results showed that maternal weight and adipose mass presented dynamic remodeling in the periparturient mice. Meanwhile, pregnancy mice displayed obvious glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in late pregnancy as compared to non-pregnancy, which were partially reversed at parturition. Further analyses revealed that different fat depots exhibited site-specific adaptions of morphology and functionality as pregnancy advanced. Brown and inguinal white adipose tissue (BAT and IngWAT) exhibited obviously decreased thermogenic activity
[HBV and pregnancy].; The clinical course of HBV infection in pregnant women does not usually differ from the course in non-pregnant women. Hepatitis flare rarely occurs during pregnancy, but it is frequent after delivery. HBV carrier status is associated with a higher incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-term labour and miscarriage. In the case of HBV-infected women wishing to become pregnant, the therapy could be delayed after delivery if the liver disease is mild, while if the woman has a moderate/severe liver disease, or becomes pregnant while on treatment, the potential risks of the antivirals have to be compared with the risks of hepatitis flares with progression to hepatic decompensation without treatment. The availability of highly effective passive-active immunoprophylaxis of the neonate using hepatitis B immune globulin and hepatitis B vaccine has considerably reduced the incidence of the vertical transmission of HBV infection, but a residual risk exists in cases of high maternal HBV-DNA levels: in such cases, the administration of anti-viral therapy during the third trimester of pregnancy may further reduce the risk of neonatal infection.
Effects of Arsenite Exposure during Fetal Development on Energy Metabolism and Susceptibility to Diet-Induced Fatty Liver Disease in Male Mice.; BACKGROUND: Chronic exposure to arsenicals at various life stages and across a range of exposures has been implicated in cardiometabolic and liver disease, but disease predisposition from developmental exposures remains unclear. OBJECTIVES: In utero and post-weaning exposure to trivalent arsenic (AsIII) was examined on the background of a Western-style diet to determine whether AsIII exposure affects metabolic disease. METHODS: Male Swiss Webster mice were exposed to 100 ppb AsIII in utero, after weaning, or both. Ad libitum access to a Western-style diet was provided after weaning, and the plasma metabolome, liver histopathology, liver enzyme activity, and gene expression were analyzed. RESULTS: Hepatic lipid composition and histopathology revealed that developmental AsIII exposure exacerbated Western-style diet-induced fatty liver disease. Continuous AsIII exposure increased cardiometabolic risk factors including increased body weight, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, and plasma triglycerides. AsIII exposure produced a decrease in the intermediates of glycolysis and the TCA cycle while increasing ketones. Hepatic isocitrate dehydrogenase activity was also decreased, which confirmed disruption of the TCA cycle. Developmental AsIII exposure increased the expression of genes involved in fatty acid synthesis, lipogenesis, inflammation, and packaging of triglycerides, suggesting an increased acetyl coenzyme A (acetyl-CoA) load. CONCLUSIONS: In utero and continuous early-life exposure to AsIII disrupted normal metabolism and elevated the risk for fatty liver disease in mice maintained on a high-fat diet. Our findings suggest that individuals exposed to AsIII during key developmental periods and who remain exposed to AsIII on the background of a Western-style diet may be at increased risk for metabolic disease later in life.
Pregnancy and Metabolic-associated Fatty Liver Disease: A Clinical Update.; The intricate relationship between metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and maternal complications has rapidly become a significant health threat in pregnant women. The presence of MAFLD in pregnancy increases the maternal risk of metabolic complications and comorbidities for both mother and baby. The preexistence or development of MAFLD in pregnancy is a complex multifactorial disorder that can lead to further complications for mother and baby. Therefore, as pregnant women are severely underrepresented in clinical research, there is a great need for a fair inclusion of this group in clinical trials. This review aims to explore the effects of MAFLD during pregnancy in the context of maternal complications and outcomes and explore the effects of pregnancy on the development and progression of MAFLD within the context of maternal obesity, altered metabolic profiles, gestational diabetes and altered hormonal profiles. We also addressed potential implications for the presence of MAFLD during pregnancy and its management in the clinical setting.
[Prevention and factors associated with anti-HCV carriage in pregnant women living in Cotonou].; INTRODUCTION: hepatitis C is an infection which can be passed from mother to child. The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of colonization by anti-HCV antibodies in pregnant women living in Cotonou and to identify factors associated with it. METHODS: we conducted a cross-sectional study of 253 pregnant women admitted for prenatal care in four major maternity hospitals in Cotonou (Benin) from 01/06/2018 to 01/09/2018. Anti-HCV antibodies were detected using rapid diagnostic tests. A venous blood sample was collected from pregnant women tested positive for anti-HCV before confirmatory serological tests and screening tests for gestational diabetes. RESULTS: the prevalence of anti-HCV antibodies was 1.2% (3/253 pregnant women). Factors associated with HCV carriage couldn't be identified given the low number of positive cases. However, pregnant women who were carriers of hepatitis C antibodies had higher mean age (32 ± 3) compared to the remainder of the population (29.58 ± 5.5). Potential risk factors for HCV infection were scarifications, piercing, tattooing, sharing of manicure equipment, a history of surgery and blood transfusions. The prevalence of gestational diabetes in our study population was 7.9% (20/253). No association was found between gestational diabetes and hepatitis C. CONCLUSION: the prevalence of anti-HCV antibodies in pregnant women living in Cotonou was low. A national-level study is needed to identify factors associated with this infection.
A sociodemographic, anthropometric and lifestyle-based prediction score for screening children with overweight and obesity for hepatic steatosis: The HEPAKID index.; BACKGROUND: Hepatic steatosis (HS) is currently the most prevalent hepatic disease in paediatric population and a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The proper identification of children with HS is therefore of great public health interest. OBJECTIVE: To develop a new prediction score using anthropometric, sociodemographic and lifestyle factors to identify children with HS (the HEPAKID index). Previously published biochemical paediatric screening tools were validated in the same cohort. METHODS: A total of 115 pre-adolescent children aged 8 to 12 years with overweight/obesity, recruited at hospital paediatric units were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. HS (≥5.5% hepatic fat) was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Anthropometric, sociodemographic and lifestyle variables were collected by validated tests/questionnaires. RESULTS: Forty-one children had MRI-diagnosed HS (35.6%, 49% girls). These children had (P < .01) a higher waist-height ratio, a lower cardiorespiratory fitness, a younger gestational age, and consumed more sugar-sweetened beverages than their HS-free peers. Children with HS were more likely to belong to an ethnic minority (P < .01) and to spend longer viewing screens than recommended (P < .05). The addition of these variables to the multivariate logistic regression model afforded a HEPAKID index with high discriminatory capacity (area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve: 0.808, 95% CI 0.715-0.901), and score of ≥25.0 was associated with high sensitivity (82%, 95% CI 68%-96%). Biochemical biomarker-based paediatric tools for identifying HS showed only moderate discriminatory capacity and low sensitivity (5%-41%) in this cohort. CONCLUSIONS: The HEPAKID index is the first simple, non-invasive, sensitive, inexpensive and easy-to-perform screening that can identify children with overweight or obesity who have HS.
Maternal Chronic Conditions and Risk of Cerebral Palsy in Offspring: A National Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Previous studies suggest that children of mothers with certain chronic conditions may be at increased risk of cerebral palsy (CP). We explored possible associations between 17 maternal chronic conditions and CP in offspring. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study of Norwegian children born in 1990-2012 and surviving to 2 years of age. Information on maternal chronic conditions during pregnancy were extracted from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (1990-2012). Information on chronic conditions in mothers and fathers recorded in the Norwegian Patient Registry (2008-2014) was available for a subset of children. CP diagnoses were extracted from the National Insurance Scheme (1990-2014) and the Norwegian Patient Registry (2008-2014). We estimated relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of CP in offspring of parents with chronic conditions compared with the general population using log binominal regression models. RESULTS: A total of 1 360 149 Norwegian children, including 3575 children with CP (2.6 per 1000 live births), fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The highest risk of CP was among offspring of mothers with type 2 diabetes (RR 3.2
Maternal Low-Protein Diet during Puberty and Adulthood Aggravates Lipid Metabolism of Their Offspring Fed a High-Fat Diet in Mice.; A maternal low-protein (LP) diet during gestation and/or lactation results in metabolic syndrome in their offspring. Here, we investigated the effect of maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood on the metabolic homeostasis of glucose and lipids in offspring. Female mice were fed with normal-protein (NP) diet or a LP diet for 11 weeks. Male offspring were then fed with a high-fat diet (NP-HFD and LP-HFD groups) or standard chow diet (NP-Chow and LP-Chow groups) for 4 months. Results showed that maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood did not alter the insulin sensitivity and hepatic lipid homeostasis of their offspring under chow diet, but aggravated insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and hypercholesterolemia of offspring in response to a post-weaning HFD. Accordingly, transcriptomics study with offspring's liver indicated that several genes related to glucose and lipid metabolism, including lipoprotein lipase (Lpl), long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 1 (Acsl1), Apoprotein A1 (Apoa1), major urinary protein 19 (Mup19), cholesterol 7α hydroxylase (Cyp7a1) and fibroblast growth factor 1 (Fgf1), were changed by maternal LP diet. Taken together, maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood could disarrange the expression of metabolic genes in the liver of offspring and aggravate insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in offspring fed a HFD.
[Impact of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen carrier status on preterm delivery in southern China].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the impact of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) carrier status on the occurrence of preterm birth. METHODS: We analyzed pregnancy-related complications, outcomes and fetal growth index in 188 HBsAg positive singleton pregnant women during the period of May 2009 to July 2011, with 265 HBsAg-negative women with singleton pregnancies in the same period serving as controls. RESULTS: The HBsAg-positive pregnant women showed a significantly higher incidence of placenta praevia than the control group (2.66% vs 0%, P=0.03), and the incidence of preterm delivery (<37 weeks) was also significantly higher in HBsAg-positive group (12.23% vs 6.04%, P=0.02). The incidences of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal glucose tolerance, premature rupture of membranes, cesarean delivery, and postpartum hemorrhage showed no significant differences between the two groups (P>0.05), nor did the fetal birth weight, height, head circumference or Apgar scores at 1, 5, and 10 min (P>0.05). Logistic regression identified HBsAg positivity, abnormal ALT, placenta praevia, and severe preeclampsia as the risk factors for preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: HBsAg carrier status can increase the risk of preterm delivery in pregnancy, but it does not seem to affect the fetal growth.
Impact of maternal infection with hepatitis B virus on pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology treatment: A population-based study.; The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) status on pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology (ART). A total of 7,011 pregnancies achieved by ART were included from a population-based database involving 523,111 pregnancies. Exposures of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) among pregnant women were routinely tested at the first antenatal visit for all pregnancies. We collected pregnancy complications (e.g., gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy [ICP]), neonatal outcomes and confounding variables from the same database. Univariate and multivariate analyses by adjusting confounders were conducted to evaluate the impact of maternal HBV infection. Prevalence of HBsAg seropositivity (HBsAg+) was 11.34% (95% CI 10.6-12.1) and that of HBsAg and HBeAg co-seropositivity (HBsAg+HBeAg+) was 2.55% (2.1-3.0) among included population. Compared with HBsAg-group, ICP risk in the HBsAg+group was higher (4.03% vs. 1.79%
Effects of hepatitis B virus infection and strategies for preventing mother-to-child transmission on maternal and fetal T-cell immunity.; One of the most common routes of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). Approximately 6.4 million children under the age of five have chronic HBV infections worldwide. HBV DNA high level, HBeAg positivity, placental barrier failure, and immaturity of the fetal immune are the possible causes of chronic HBV infection. The passive-active immune program for children, which consists of the hepatitis B vaccine and hepatitis B immunoglobulin, and antiviral therapy for pregnant women who have a high HBV DNA load (greater than 2 × 10(5) IU/ml), are currently two of the most important ways to prevent the transmission of HBV from mother to child. Unfortunately, some infants still have chronic HBV infections. Some studies have also found that some supplementation during pregnancy can increase cytokine levels and then affect the level of HBsAb in infants. For example, IL-4 can mediate the beneficial effect on infants' HBsAb levels when maternal folic acid supplementation. In addition, new research has indicated that HBV infection in the mother may also be linked to unfavorable outcomes such as gestational diabetes mellitus, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and premature rupture of membranes. The changes in the immune environment during pregnancy and the hepatotropic nature of HBV may be the main reasons for the adverse maternal outcomes. It is interesting to note that after delivery, the women who had a chronic HBV infection may spontaneously achieve HBeAg seroconversion and HBsAg seroclearance. The maternal and fetal T-cell immunity in HBV infection is important because adaptive immune responses, especially virus-specific CD8 T-cell responses, are largely responsible for viral clearance and disease pathogenesis during HBV infection. Meanwhile, HBV humoral and T-cell responses are important for the durability of protection after fetal vaccination. This article reviews the literature on immunological characteristics of chronic HBV-infected patients during pregnancy and postpartum, blocking mother-to-child transmissions and related immune mechanisms, hoping to provide new insights for the prevention of HBV MTCT and antiviral intervention during pregnancy and postpartum.
Hepatitis C and pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Many women living with hepatitis C (HCV) are of childbearing age. While the risk of vertical HCV transmission has been well established, the impact of HCV on pregnancy outcomes are equivocal, with some studies reporting risks of preterm birth, low gestational weight, gestational diabetes and hypertension, while other studies report no such risks. With the shift of the HCV treatment landscape to more effective, tolerable and shorter medications, understanding pregnancy outcomes of women living with HCV are an important consideration in order to provide a baseline from which to consider the usefulness and safety of HCV treatment for this population. The objective of this systematic review will be to investigate pregnancy outcomes associated with maternal HCV infection. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This systematic review will incorporate articles relevant to pregnancy outcomes among women living with HCV (eg, gestational diabetes and caesarean delivery). Articles will be retrieved from academic databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, clinicaltrial.gov and the Cochrane Library and hand searching of conference proceedings and reference lists. A database search will not be restricted by date, and conference abstract will be restricted to the past 2 years. The Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale will be used to assess the quality of the retrieved studies. Data will be extracted and scored independently by two authors. A narrative account will synthesise the findings to answer the objectives of this review. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This systematic review will synthesise the literature on the pregnancy outcomes of women living with HCV. Results from this review will be disseminated to clinical audiences, community groups and policy-makers, and may support clinicians and decision-makers in developing guidelines to promote best outcomes for this population.
Maternal high-fat diet induces insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function in adult offspring with sex differences in mice.; Intrauterine environment may influence the health of postnatal offspring. There have been many studies on the effects of maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on diabetes and glucose metabolism in offspring. Here, we investigated the effects in male and female offspring. C57/BL6J mice were bred and fed either control diet (CD) or HFD from conception to weaning, and offspring were fed CD or HFD from 6 to 20 wk. At 20 wk, maternal HFD induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in offspring. Additionally, liver triacylglycerol content, adipose tissue mass, and inflammation increased in maternal HFD. In contrast, extending previous observations, insulin secretion at glucose tolerance test, islet area, insulin content, and PDX-1 mRNA levels in isolated islets were lower in maternal HFD in males, whereas they were higher in females. Oxidative stress in islets increased in maternal HFD in males, whereas there were no differences in females. Plasma estradiol levels were lower in males than in females and decreased in offspring fed HFD and also decreased by maternal HFD, suggesting that females may be protected from insulin deficiency by inhibiting oxidative stress. In conclusion, maternal HFD induced insulin resistance and deterioration of pancreatic β-cell function, with marked sex differences in adult offspring accompanied by adipose tissue inflammation and liver steatosis. Additionally, our results demonstrate that potential mechanisms underlying sex differences in pancreatic β-cell function may be related partially to increases in oxidative stress in male islets and decreased plasma estradiol levels in males.
Unravelling the mechanisms by which chronic hepatitis B infection is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes.; An independent association between chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) and the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) has been reported in the literature. Ethnic background and regional influences have been demonstrated to play a role in the reporting of incidence rates of GDM among women with chronic HBV. The mechanisms behind this association are poorly understood, but evidence suggests an inflammatory basis. Viral factors such as chronic HBV replication, quantifiable by HBV viral load, have been proposed to contribute to the increasing risk of insulin resistance in pregnancy. More research is needed to better characterise the association and determine if any interventions early in pregnancy for women infected with chronic HBV would mitigate the development of GDM.
Obesity-driven prepartal hepatic lipid accumulation in dairy cows is associated with increased CD36 and SREBP-1 expression.; We investigated the hypothesis that obesity in dairy cows enhanced expression of proteins involved in hepatic fatty acid uptake and metabolism. Sixteen Holstein-Friesian close-up cows were divided into 2 equal groups based on their body condition score (BCS) as optimal (3.25≤BCS≤3.5) and high (4.0≤BCS≤4.25). Intravenous glucose tolerance test (GTT) and liver biopsies were carried out at day 10 before calving. Blood samples were collected before (basal) and after glucose infusion, and glucose, insulin and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) levels were determined at each sample point. In addition, β-hydroxybutyrate and triglycerides levels were measured in the basal samples. The liver biopsies were analyzed for total lipid content and protein expression of insulin receptor beta (IRβ), fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 (SREBP-1). Basal glucose and insulin were higher in high-BCS cows, which coincided with higher circulating triglycerides and hepatic lipid content. Clearance rate and AUC for NEFA during GTT were higher in optimal-BCS cows. The development of insulin resistance and fatty liver in obese cows was paralleled by increased hepatic expression of the IRβ, CD36 and SREBP-1. These results suggest that increased expression of hepatic CD36 and SREBP-1 is relevant in the obesity-driven lipid accumulation in the liver of dairy cows during late gestation.
Hepatitis B Virus Infection and Increased Risk of Gestational Diabetes Regardless of Liver Function Status: A Xiamen Area Population-Based Study.; Background & Aims: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a significant cause of liver function damage. However, previous studies on HBV mainly aimed at ordinary people, and there is a lack of consensus on the relationship between HBV infection and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and whether HBV-infected pregnant women should undergo antiviral treatment. In addition, systematic studies on the impact of HBV infection on GDM have rarely been studied directly. Therefore, the overall goal of this study was to pursue the association between HBV infection, liver function, and GDM using Xiamen area gestational big data. Methods: Using the Xiamen Primary Health Information System-maternal and child health information system, the data on participants (138,867 in total) expected confinement between 2008 and 2018 were included. Using univariate and multivariate logistic regressions, we constructed models to determine the role of HBV infection and liver function status in GDM. In addition, an analysis of variance tests was performed to study whether the relationship between HBsAg and GDM differed in the normal liver function and the abnormal liver function subgroups. Results: HBsAg's positive status showed a substantial correlation with GDM onset in univariate and multivariate logistic regressions (p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis among HBsAg, liver function, and GDM suggests that both HBsAg and liver function affect the onset of GDM and have the highest prevalence of both abnormalities. Furthermore, ANOVA was used to investigate the association of HBsAg positive (p < 0.001), abnormal liver function (p < 0.001), and their interaction (p = 0.302) on the onset of GDM. This result showed that HBsAg is an independent factor of GDM pathogenesis, regardless of liver function status. Conclusion: HBsAg and liver function are independent factors in GDM. Therefore, regarding these results, while clinicians consider the traditional risk factors of GDM, it is necessary to consider the HBV infection status. Conducting a dietary intervention for HBsAg-positive pregnant women at the early stage of pregnancy is conducive to reducing the adverse effects.
Antiretroviral therapies in pregnancy: maternal, fetal and neonatal effects. Swiss HIV Cohort Study, the Swiss Collaborative HIV and Pregnancy Study, and the Swiss Neonatal HIV Study.; BACKGROUND: Therapies containing two reverse transcriptase inhibitors (RTI) with or without protease inhibitors are used with increasing frequency in pregnant HIV-infected women. OBJECTIVE: To assess the safety of antiretroviral therapy in pregnant women and their newborns. METHODS: All clinical events and laboratory abnormalities in pregnant women on RTI with or without protease inhibitors and in their newborns were collected through an observational study. RESULTS: A total of 37 HIV-infected pregnant women have given birth to 30 children (by 30 April 1998). All received RTI, which were combined with protease inhibitors in 16 cases. Twelve women became pregnant while on treatment. Drugs used were as follows: zidovudine (n = 33), lamivudine (n = 33), stavudine (n = 4), indinavir (n = 9), ritonavir (n = 4), nelfinavir (n = 2) and saquinavir (n = 2). Adverse events during pregnancy were anaemia (n = 15), elevation of transaminases (n = 4), nausea/vomiting (n = 4), glucose intolerance (n = 2), nephrolithiasis (n = 2), diarrhoea (n = 2), hypertension (n = 1), insulin-requiring diabetes (n = 1). Adverse events in neonates were prematurity (n = 10), anaemia (n = 8), cutaneous angioma (n = 2), cryptorchidism (n = 2), transient hepatitis (n = 1). Non-life-threatening intracerebral haemorrhage occurred in a premature baby (33 weeks gestation) exposed during fetal life to zidovudine-lamivudine-indinavir, and in a term baby exposed to stavudine-lamivudine-indinavir. Extrahepatic biliary atresia occurred in one newborn exposed to zidovudine-lamivudine-indinavir. Maternal viral load was below 400 copies/ml in 18 out of 30 patients who delivered. One case of mother-to-child HIV transmission was identified. CONCLUSIONS: In HIV-infected pregnant women treated with two RTI with or without protease inhibitors, one or more adverse events occurred in 29 out of 37 women and in 14 out of 30 babies. In newborns, frequent prematurity, one case of biliary malformation and one intracerebral haemorrhage in a term baby are of concern. These observations do not preclude combination therapies during pregnancy but emphasize the necessity to maintain updated registers on their safety.
Effect of dietary monosodium glutamate on trans fat-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; The effects of dietary monosodium glutamate (MSG) on trans-fatty acid (TFA)-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are addressed in an animal model. We used Affymetrix microarray analysis to investigate hepatic gene expression and the contribution of visceral white adipose tissue (WAT) to diet-induced NAFLD. Trans-fat feeding increased serum leptin, FFA, HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), and total cholesterol (T-CHOL) levels, while robustly elevating the expression of genes involved in hepatic lipogenesis, including the transcription factor sterol-regulatory element binding protein 1c. Histological examination revealed hepatic macrosteatosis in TFA-fed animals. Conversely, dietary MSG at doses similar to human average daily intake caused hepatic microsteatosis and the expression of beta-oxidative genes. Serum triglyceride, FFA, and insulin levels were elevated in MSG-treated animals. The abdominal cavities of TFA- or MSG-treated animals had increased WAT deposition compared with controls. Microarray analysis of WAT gene expression revealed increased lipid biosynthetic gene expression, together with a 50% decrease in the key transcription factor Ppargc1a. A combination of TFA+MSG resulted in the highest levels of serum HDL-C, T-CHOL, and leptin. Microarray analysis of TFA+MSG-treated livers showed elevated expression of markers of hepatic inflammation, lipid storage, cell damage, and cell cycle impairment. TFA+MSG mice also had a high degree of WAT deposition and lipogenic gene expression. Levels of Ppargc1a were further reduced to 25% by TFA+MSG treatment. MSG exacerbates TFA-induced NAFLD.
Implication of SH2B1 gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in Saudi pregnant women.; Genome-wide association studies have identified loci that are firmly associated with obesity. The Src-homology-2 B adaptor protein 1 (SH2B1) loci is abundantly expressed in the brain, liver, heart, muscle, and fat tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing health concern that usually appears during the latter half of pregnancy, and it is characterized by carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity. The SH2B1 gene polymorphism has been linked with an increased risk of weight gain in several but not all population studies. This study aimed to investigate the genetic association of rs4788102 variants in the SH2B1 gene with GDM in Saudi pregnant women. Genomic DNA samples from 200 women with GDM and 300 women without GDM were genotyped using the TaqMan method. The distribution of the GG, GA, and AA genotypes was significantly different between GDM and non-GDM women (p < 0.05). Thus, we identified rs4788102 variants as additional risk factors for GDM in Saudi women, and we suggest that these variants may have a prognostic value.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Autoimmune Hepatitis - A Nationwide Population-based Cohort Study With Histopathology.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) is a chronic inflammatory liver condition that predominantly affects women. However, pregnancy risks remain unclear. METHODS: A nationwide population-based cohort study (ESPRESSO) in Sweden from 1992 to 2016 including 309 singleton births in women with AIH and 1532 matched births in women from the general population was performed. AIH was diagnosed as a combination of administrative coding from medical diagnosis of AIH and liver biopsy data from Sweden's 28 pathology departments. Using conditional logistic regression, odds ratios (ORs) for adverse pregnancy outcomes were determined. RESULTS: Among 306 live births to women with AIH, 51 (16.7%) were preterm, compared with 70 of 1524 (4.6%) reference births. This corresponded to an OR of 5.10 for preterm birth (95% confidence interval [CI], 3.29-7.92), with similar odds using sibling comparators. Women with AIH with and without cirrhosis had similar odds for preterm birth. The AIH association was particularly strong with medically indicated preterm birth (OR, 13.01
High Choline Intake during Pregnancy Reduces Characteristics of the Metabolic Syndrome in Male Wistar Rat Offspring Fed a High Fat But Not a Normal Fat Post-Weaning Diet.; Maternal choline intakes are below recommendations, potentially impairing the child's later-life metabolic health. This study aims to elucidate the interaction between the choline content of the gestational diet (GD) and fat content of the post-weaning diet (PWD) on metabolic phenotype of male Wistar rats. Pregnant Wistar rats were fed a standard rodent diet (AIN-93G) with either recommended choline (RC, 1 g/kg diet choline bitartrate) or high choline (HC, 2.5-fold). Male pups were weaned to either a normal (16%) fat (NF) or a high (45%) fat (HF) diet for 17 weeks. Body weight, visceral adiposity, food intake, energy expenditure, plasma hormones, triglycerides, and hepatic fatty acids were measured. HC-HF offspring had 7% lower body weight but not food intake, and lower adiposity, plasma triglycerides, and insulin resistance compared to RC-HF. They also had increased hepatic n-3 fatty acids and a reduced n-6/n-3 and C 18:1 n-9/C18:0 ratios. In contrast, HC-NF offspring had 6-8% higher cumulative food intake and body weight, as well as increased leptin and elevated hepatic C16:1 n-7/C16:0 ratio compared to RC-NF. Therefore, gestational choline supplementation associated with improved long-term regulation of several biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in male Wistar rat offspring fed a HF, but not a NF, PWD.
High Fat Diet Exposure during Fetal Life Enhances Plasma and Hepatic Omega-6 Fatty Acid Profiles in Fetal Wistar Rats.; Pregnant rats were fed a high fat diet (HFD) for the first (HF1), second (HF2), third (HF3) or all three weeks (HFG) of gestation. Maintenance on a HFD during specific periods of gestation was hypothesized to alter fetal glycemia, insulinemia, induce insulin resistance
A short periconceptional exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes is sufficient to disrupt the feto-placental phenotype in a rabbit model.; Tight metabolic control of type-1 diabetes is essential during gestation, but it could be crucial during the periconception period. Feto-placental consequences of maternal type-1 diabetes around the time of conception need to be explored. Using a rabbit model, type-1 diabetes was induced by alloxan 7 days before mating. Glycemia was maintained at 15-20 mmol/L with exogenous insulin injections to prevent ketoacidosis. At 4 days post-conception (dpc), embryos were collected from diabetic (D) or normoglycemic control (C) dams, respectively, and transferred into non-diabetic recipients. At 28dpc, D- and C-feto-placental units were collected for biometry, placental analyses and lipid profiles. D-fetuses were growth-retarded, hyperglycemic and dyslipidemic compared to C-fetuses. The efficiency of D-placentas was associated with an increased gene expression related to nutrient supply and lipid metabolism whereas volume density of fetal vessels decreased. Fetal plasma, placental and fetal liver membranes had specific fatty acid signatures depending on embryonic origin. Tissues from D-fetuses contained more omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid decreased while linoleic acid increased in the heart of D-fetuses. This study demonstrates that a short exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes in the periconception window, until the blastocyst stage, is able to irreversibly malprogram the feto-placental phenotype, through precocious and persistent structural and molecular adaptations of placenta.
Maternal chocolate and sucrose soft drink intake induces hepatic steatosis in rat offspring associated with altered lipid gene expression profile.; AIM: According to the World Diabetes Foundation, there is an urgent need to investigate the impact of maternal health and nutrition during pregnancy to understand the background for the accelerating incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes. In this study, we specifically concentrated on the role of overfeeding during different developmental periods. METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were offered chow or high-fat/high-sucrose diet (chow plus chocolate and soft drink) during gestation and lactation. At birth, offspring were randomly cross-fostered within each dietary group into small and normal litter sizes until weaning, giving four dietary groups. RESULTS: At postnatal day 1, offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams were heavier and had increased hepatic triglycerides (TG), hepatic glycogen, blood glucose and plasma insulin compared with offspring from chow-fed dams. Hepatic genes involved in lipid oxidation, VLDL transport and insulin receptor were down-regulated, whereas FGF21 expression was up-regulated. Independent of postnatal litter size, offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams aged 21 days had still increased hepatic TG and up-regulated FGF21 expression, while plasma insulin started to decrease. Litter size reduction in offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams further increased body weight and adiposity, and up-regulated genes involved in hepatic mitochondrial lipid oxidation and VLDL transport compared with all other groups. Litter size reduction did not have any impact on body weight gain and adiposity in offspring born to chow-fed dams. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that supplementation of chocolate and soft drink during gestation and lactation contributes to early onset of hepatic steatosis associated with changes in hepatic gene expression and lipid handling.
Fetal metabolic programming and epigenetic modifications: a systems biology approach.; A growing body of evidence supports the notion that epigenetic changes such as DNA methylation and histone modifications, both involving chromatin remodeling, contribute to fetal metabolic programming. We use a combination of gene-protein enrichment analysis resources along with functional annotations and protein interaction networks for an integrative approach to understanding the mechanisms underlying fetal metabolic programming. Systems biology approaches suggested that fetal adaptation to an impaired nutritional environment presumes profound changes in gene expression that involve regulation of tissue-specific patterns of methylated cytosine residues, modulation of the histone acetylation-deacetylation switch, cell differentiation, and stem cell pluripotency. The hypothalamus and the liver seem to be differently involved. In addition, new putative explanations have emerged about the question of whether in utero overnutrition modulates fetal metabolic programming in the same fashion as that of a maternal environment of undernutrition, suggesting that the mechanisms behind these two fetal nutritional imbalances are different. In conclusion, intrauterine growth restriction is most likely to be associated with the induction of persistent changes in tissue structure and functionality. Conversely, a maternal obesogenic environment is most probably associated with metabolic reprogramming of glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as future risk of metabolic syndrome (MS), fatty liver, and insulin (INS) resistance.
[Breastfeeding: health benefits for child and mother].; The prevalence of breastfeeding in France is one of the lowest in Europe: 65% of infants born in France in 2010 were breastfed when leaving the maternity ward. Exclusive breastfeeding allows normal growth until at least 6 months of age, and can be prolonged until the age of 2 years or more, provided that complementary feeding is started after 6 months. Breast milk contains hormones, growth factors, cytokines, immunocompetent cells, etc., and has many biological properties. The composition of breast milk is influenced by gestational and postnatal age, as well as by the moment of the feed. Breastfeeding is associated with slightly enhanced performance on tests of cognitive development. Exclusive breastfeeding for at least 3 months is associated with a lower incidence and severity of diarrhoea, otitis media and respiratory infection. Exclusive breastfeeding for at least 4 months is associated with a lower incidence of allergic disease (asthma, atopic dermatitis) during the first 2 to 3 years of life in at-risk infants (infants with at least one first-degree relative presenting with allergy). Breastfeeding is also associated with a lower incidence of obesity during childhood and adolescence, as well as with a lower blood pressure and cholesterolemia in adulthood. However, no beneficial effect of breastfeeding on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has been shown. Maternal infection with hepatitis B and C virus is not a contraindication to breastfeeding, as opposed to HIV infection and galactosemia. A supplementation with vitamin D and K is necessary in the breastfed infant. Very few medications contraindicate breastfeeding. Premature babies can be breastfed and/or receive mother's milk and/or bank milk, provided they receive energy, protein and mineral supplements. Return to prepregnancy weight is earlier in breastfeeding mothers during the 6 months following delivery. Breastfeeding is also associated with a decreased risk of breast and ovarian cancer in the premenopausal period, and of osteoporosis in the postmenopausal period.
Maternal obesity and diabetes induces latent metabolic defects and widespread epigenetic changes in isogenic mice.; Intrauterine nutrition can program metabolism, creating stable changes in physiology that may have significant health consequences. The mechanism underlying these changes is widely assumed to involve epigenetic changes to the expression of metabolic genes, but evidence supporting this idea is limited. Here we have performed the first study of the epigenomic consequences of exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes. We used a mouse model of natural-onset obesity that allows comparison of genetically identical mice whose mothers were either obese and diabetic or lean with a normal metabolism. We find that the offspring of obese mothers have a latent metabolic phenotype that is unmasked by exposure to a Western-style diet, resulting in glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. The offspring show changes in hepatic gene expression and widespread but subtle alterations in cytosine methylation. Contrary to expectation, these molecular changes do not point to metabolic pathways but instead reside in broadly developmental ontologies. We propose that, rather than being adaptive, these changes may simply produce an inappropriate response to suboptimal environments
Prenatal metformin exposure in mice programs the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during a high fat diet at adulthood.; AIMS: The antidiabetic drug metformin is currently used prior and during pregnancy for polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as during gestational diabetes mellitus. We investigated the effects of prenatal metformin exposure on the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during adulthood in mice. METHODS: Metformin (300 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered orally to dams on regular diet from the embryonic day E0.5 to E17.5. Gene expression profiles in liver and brain were analysed from 4-day old offspring by microarray. Body weight development and several metabolic parameters of offspring were monitored both during regular diet (RD-phase) and high fat diet (HFD-phase). At the end of the study, two doses of metformin or vehicle were given acutely to mice at the age of 20 weeks, and Insig-1 and GLUT4 mRNA expressions in liver and fat tissue were analysed using qRT-PCR. RESULTS: Metformin exposed fetuses were lighter at E18.5. There was no effect of metformin on the maternal body weight development or food intake. Metformin exposed offspring gained more body weight and mesenteric fat during the HFD-phase. The male offspring also had impaired glucose tolerance and elevated fasting glucose during the HFD-phase. Moreover, the expression of GLUT4 mRNA was down-regulated in epididymal fat in male offspring prenatally exposed to metformin. Based on the microarray and subsequent qRT-PCR analyses, the expression of Insig-1 was changed in the liver of neonatal mice exposed to metformin prenatally. Furthermore, metformin up-regulated the expression of Insig-1 later in development. Gene set enrichment analysis based on preliminary microarray data identified several differentially enriched pathways both in control and metformin exposed mice. CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that prenatal metformin exposure causes long-term programming effects on the metabolic phenotype during high fat diet in mice. This should be taken into consideration when using metformin as a therapeutic agent during pregnancy.
SRT1720 attenuates obesity and insulin resistance but not liver damage in the offspring due to maternal and postnatal high-fat diet consumption.; Recent studies indicate that sirtuin-1 (SIRT1), an important metabolic sensor and regulator of life span, plays a mechanistic role in maternal obesity-induced programming of metabolic disorders in the offspring. In this study we investigate whether SIRT1 activation in early childhood can mitigate metabolic disorders due to maternal and postnatal high-fat feeding in mice. Male offspring born to chow-fed (MC) or high fat diet-fed dams (MHF) were weaned onto postnatal chow or high-fat diet and treated with SRT1720 (25 mg/kg ip every 2 days) or vehicle control for 6 wk and examined for metabolic disorders. MHF exacerbated offspring body weight and insulin resistance in the offspring exposed to postnatal HFD (OHF). These metabolic changes were associated with reduced hepatic lipid droplet accumulation but increased plasma levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), a marker of liver damage. SRT1720 significantly decreased offspring body weight, adiposity, glucose intolerance, and hyperleptinemia due to OHF and reversed hyperinsulinemia and adipocyte hypertrophy due to the additive effects of MHF. Although SRT1720 suppresses liver lipogenesis, inflammation, and oxidative stress markers, it also reduces antioxidants and increased liver collagen deposition in OHF offspring independent of MHF. Hepatic steatosis was attenuated only in MC/OHF offspring in association with elevated plasma ALT levels. The study suggests that postnatal SRT1720 administration can mitigate obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring due to maternal and postnatal HFD exposure. However, the possibility of liver toxicity needs to be further examined.
Metformin in gestational diabetes: the offspring follow-up (MiG TOFU): body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years of age.; OBJECTIVE: To compare body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years in offspring of women with gestational diabetes (GDM) randomized to metformin (±insulin) or insulin treatment during pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Children were assessed at 7 years in Adelaide (n=109/181) and 9 years in Auckland (n=99/396) by anthropometry, bioimpedance analysis (BIA), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) (n=92/99) and fasting bloods (n=82/99). RESULTS: In the Adelaide subgroup, mothers were similar at enrollment. Women randomized to metformin versus insulin had higher treatment glycemia (p=0.002) and more infants with birth weight >90th percentile (20.7% vs 5.9%
Effects of maternal hepatitis B surface antigen positive status on the pregnancy outcomes: A retrospective study in Xiamen, China, 2011-2018.; OBJECTIVE: Hepatitis B virus infection is a major social and economic burden in developing countries, especially in China. We aimed to evaluate the effects of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positive status on the pregnancy outcomes in the Chinese population. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study was performed using data from the Medical Birth Registry of Xiamen, China, from January 2011 to March 2018. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association between the HBsAg status and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: This study included 3,789 HBsAg-positive women and 29, 648 non-exposed women. The HBsAg-positive pregnant women were slightly older in age (29.3±4.3 vs. 28.9±4.4, P< 0.001). Additionally, pregnant women with a positive HBsAg status had higher odds of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.13
Serum lipoprotein composition, lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase and tissue lipase activities in pregnant diabetic rats and their offspring receiving enriched n-3 PUFA diet.; The effects of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on lipoprotein concentrations and on lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hepatic triglyceride lipase (HTGL) and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activities were studied in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats during pregnancy and in their macrosomic offspring from birth to adulthood. Pregnant diabetic and control rats were fed Isio-4 diet (vegetable oil) or EPAX diet (concentrated marine omega-3 EPA/DHA oil), the same diets were consumed by pups at weaning. Compared with control rats, diabetic rats showed, during pregnancy, a significant elevation in very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and low and high density lipoprotein (LDL-HDL(1))-triglyceride, cholesterol and apoprotein B100 concentrations and a reduction in apoprotein A-I levels. HTGL activity was high while LPL and LCAT activities were low in these rats. The macrosomic pups of Isio-4-fed diabetic rats showed a significant enhancement in triglyceride and cholesterol levels at birth and during adulthood with a concomitant increase in lipase and LCAT activities. EPAX diet induces a significant diminution of VLDL and LDL-HDL(1) in mothers and in their macrosomic pups, accompanied by an increase in cholesterol and apoprotein A-I levels in HDL(2-3) fraction. It also restores LPL, HTGL and LCAT activities to normal range. EPAX diet ameliorates considerably lipoprotein disorders in diabetic mothers and in their macrosomic offspring.
The FLS mouse: a new inbred strain with spontaneous fatty liver.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: A new strain of mouse, named FLS (fatty liver Shionogi), which develops spontaneous fatty liver without obesity, was established by inbreeding. Morphologic, physiologic, and genetic characterization of the strain was done. METHODS: Characteristics of male FLS mice were compared with those of the sister strain, dd Shionogi (DS), which does not develop spontaneous fatty liver. A genetic cross experiment was performed by mating FLS with C3H/He/Shi mice. RESULTS: The hepatocytes of neonatal FLS mice contained fine lipid droplets throughout the lobules, and large lipid droplets appeared as mice aged. Liver triglyceride concentrations of FLS mice were fivefold higher than those of DS mice, but serum lipid concentrations and the lipoprotein profile did not indicate abnormalities. Higher plasma aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase activities in FLS, compared with DS mice, suggested hepatocellular lesions. The genetic cross experiment suggested that the fatty liver formation is a complex polygenic trait. CONCLUSION: The FLS mice develop a progressive hepatic steatosis without obesity and diabetes. The FLS mouse might be a good model for investigating hepatic disorders accompanied by fatty liver unrelated to alcoholism or obesity.
Prenatal exposure to a low-protein diet programs disordered regulation of lipid metabolism in the aging rat.; The nutritional environment encountered during fetal life is strongly implicated as a determinant of lifelong metabolic capacity and risk of disease. Pregnant rats were fed a control or low-protein (LP) diet, targeted to early (LPE), mid-(LPM), or late (LPL) pregnancy, or throughout gestation (LPA). The offspring were studied at 1, 9, and 18 mo of age. All LP-exposed groups had similar plasma triglyceride, cholesterol, glucose, and insulin concentrations to those of controls at 1 and 9 mo of age, but by 18 mo there was evidence of LP-programmed hypertriglyceridemia and insulin resistance. All LP-exposed groups exhibited histological evidence of hepatic steatosis and were found to have two- to threefold more hepatic triglyceride than control animals. These phenotypic changes were accompanied by age-related changes in mRNA and protein expression of the transcription factors SREBP-1c, ChREBP, PPARgamma, and PPARalpha and their respective downstream target genes ACC1, FAS, L-PK, and MCAD. At 9 mo of age, the LP groups exhibited suppression of the SREBP-1c-related lipogenic pathway but between 9 and 18 mo underwent a switch to increased lipogenic capacity with a lower expression of PPARgamma and MCAD, consistent with reduced lipid oxidation. The findings indicate that prenatal protein restriction programs development of a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype that develops only with senescence. The data implicate altered expression of SREBP-1c and ChREBP as key mediators of the programmed phenotype, but the basis of the switch in metabolic status that occurred between 9 and 18 mo of age is, as yet, unidentified.
Postheparin plasma lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in hyperinsulinemic infants of diabetic mothers and in large-for-date infants at birth.; To study postheparin plasma lipase activities in nonfed newborn infants immediately after birth and to investigate the possible influence of fetal hyperinsulinemia on lipoprotein lipase activity, we measured lipoprotein and hepatic lipase activities in 55 macrosomic newborn infants: group I consisted of 21 infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes. The infants were hyperinsulinemic at birth and had hypoglycemia and poor lipolysis at the age of 2 h. Group II consisted of 18 infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes. Group III consisted of 16 large-for-date infants born to nondiabetic mothers. The mean postheparin plasma lipoprotein lipase activities at 2 h of age were similar (mean 36 mumol free fatty acids/ml/h
Inositol-requiring enzyme 1α and c-Jun N-terminal kinase axis activation contributes to intracellular lipid accumulation in calf hepatocytes.; During the perinatal period, dairy cows undergo negative energy balance, resulting in elevated circulating levels of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA). Although increased blood NEFA concentrations are a physiological adaptation of early lactation, excessive NEFA in dairy cows is a major cause of fatty liver. Aberrant lipid metabolism leads to hepatic lipid accumulation and subsequently the development of fatty liver. Both inositol-requiring enzyme 1α (IRE1α) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) have been validated for their association with hepatic lipid accumulation, including their regulatory functions in calf hepatocyte insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and apoptosis. Meanwhile, both IRE1α and JNK are involved in lipid metabolism in nonruminants. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate how IRE1α and JNK regulate lipid metabolism in bovine hepatocytes. An experiment was conducted on randomly selected 10 healthy cows (hepatic triglyceride [TG] content <1%) and 10 cows with fatty liver (hepatic TG content >5%). Liver tissue and blood samples were collected from experimental cows. Serum concentrations of NEFA and β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) were greater, whereas serum concentrations of glucose and milk production were lower in cows with fatty liver. The western blot results revealed that dairy cows with fatty liver had higher phosphorylation levels of JNK, c-Jun, and IRE1α in the liver tissue. Three in vitro experiments were conducted using primary calf hepatocytes isolated from 5 healthy calves (body weight: 30-40 kg
Healthy Eating Index-2015 in relation to risk of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease among US population: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2017-2018.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a serious chronic disease in the US. Dietary patterns provide good guidance for the prevention of chronic diseases. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI-2015) is a dietary pattern based on the dietary characteristics of the US. OBJECTIVE: Since the relation between HEI-2015 and MAFLD is unclear, this study examined their associations using the US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHAENS) during 2017-2018. METHODS: This study included data from 4,062 participants aged ≥20 years, without viral hepatitis or pregnancy. MAFLD is defined as hepatic steatosis with one or more of the following: (1) overweight or obesity (body mass index ≥25 kg/m(2))
Maternal Obesogenic Diet Attenuates Microbiome-Dependent Offspring Weaning Reaction with Worsening of Steatotic Liver Disease.; The mechanisms by which maternal obesity increases the susceptibility to steatotic liver disease in offspring are incompletely understood. Models using different maternal obesogenic diets (MODEs) display phenotypic variability, likely reflecting the influence of timing and diet composition. This study compared three maternal obesogenic diets using standardized exposure times to identify differences in offspring disease progression. This study found that the severity of hepatic inflammation and fibrosis in the offspring depends on the composition of the maternal obesogenic diet. Offspring cecal microbiome composition was shifted in all MODE groups relative to control. Decreased α-diversity in some MODE offspring with shifts in abundance of multiple genera were suggestive of delayed maturation of the microbiome. The weaning reaction typically characterized by a spike in intestinal expression of Tnfa and Ifng was attenuated in MODE offspring in an early microbiome-dependent manner using cross-fostering. Cross-fostering also switched the severity of disease progression in offspring dependent on the diet of the fostering dam. These results identify maternal diet composition and timing of exposure as modifiers in mediating transmissible changes in the microbiome. These changes in the early microbiome alter a critical window during weaning that drives susceptibility to progressive liver disease in the offspring.
Uptake and safety of Hepatitis B vaccination during pregnancy: A Vaccine Safety Datalink study.; INTRODUCTION: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection acquired during pregnancy can pose a risk to the infant at birth that can lead to significant and lifelong morbidity. Hepatitis B vaccine (HepB) is recommended for anyone at increased risk for contracting HBV infection, including pregnant women. Limited data are available on the safety of HepB administration during pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: To assess the frequency of maternal HepB receipt among pregnant women and evaluate the potential association between maternal vaccination and pre-specified maternal and infant safety outcomes. METHODS: We examined a retrospective cohort of pregnancies in the Vaccine Safety Datalink (VSD) resulting in live birth outcomes from 2004 through 2015. Eligible pregnancies in women aged 12-55 years who were continuously enrolled from 6 months pre-pregnancy to 6 weeks postpartum in VSD integrated health systems were included. We compared pregnancies with HepB exposure to those with other vaccine exposures, and to those with no vaccine exposures. High-risk conditions for contracting HBV infection were identified up to one-year prior to or during the pregnancy using ICD-9 codes. Maternal and fetal adverse events were also evaluated according to maternal HepB exposure status. RESULTS: Among over 650,000 pregnancies in the study period, HepB was administered at a rate of 2.1 per 1000 pregnancies (n = 1399), commonly within the first 5 weeks of pregnancy. Less than 3% of the HepB-exposed group had a high-risk ICD-9 code indicating need for HepB
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Nutrition and reproduction in women.; Malnutrition is a major problem in developing countries, and obesity and eating disorders are increasingly common in developing as well as developed countries. The reproductive axis is closely linked to nutritional status, especially undernutrition in the female, and inhibitory pathways involving detectors in the hind brain suppress ovulation in subjects with weight loss. Recovery may occur after minimal reacquisition of weight because energy balance is more important than body fat mass. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa affect up to 5% of women of reproductive age causing amenorrhoea, infertility and, in those who do conceive, an increased likelihood of miscarriage. Obesity can affect reproduction through fat cell metabolism, steroids and secretion of proteins such as leptin and adiponectin and through changes induced at the level of important homeostatic factors such as pancreatic secretion of insulin, androgen synthesis by the ovary and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) production by the liver. WHO estimates that 9 to 25% of women in developed countries are severely obese, and obese mothers are much more likely to have obese children, especially if they have gestational diabetes. Obesity-associated anovulation may lead to infertility and to a higher risk of miscarriage. Management of anovulation with obesity involves diet and exercise as well as standard approaches to ovulation induction. Many obese women conceive without assistance, but pregnancies in obese women have increased rates of pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, large babies, Cesarean section and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Among contraceptors, the fear of weight gain affects uptake and continuation of hormonal contraceptives, although existing trials indicate that any such effects are small. For all methods of hormonal contraception, weight above 70 kg is associated with increased failure rates.
[Detecting high risk pregnancy].; Antenatal care is aiming to reduce maternal land foetal mortality and morbidity. Maternal and foetal mortality can be due to different causes. Their knowledge allows identifying pregnancy (high risk pregnancy) with factors associated with an increased risk for maternal and/or foetal mortality and serious morbidity. Identification of high risk pregnancies and initiation of appropriate treatment and/or surveillance should improve maternal and/or foetal outcome. New risk factors are continuously described thanks to improvement in antenatal care and development in biology and cytopathology, increasing complexity in identifying high risk pregnancies. Level of risk can change all over the pregnancy. Ideally, it should be evaluated prior to the pregnancy and at each antenatal visit. Clinical examination is able to screen for intra-uterin growth restriction, pre-eclampsia, threatened for preterm labour
Prenatal hyperandrogenism induces alterations that affect liver lipid metabolism.; Prenatal hyperandrogenism is hypothesized as one of the main factors contributing to the development of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). PCOS patients have high risk of developing fatty liver and steatosis. This study aimed to evaluate the role of prenatal hyperandrogenism in liver lipid metabolism and fatty liver development. Pregnant rats were hyperandrogenized with testosterone. At pubertal age, the prenatally hyperandrogenized (PH) female offspring displayed both ovulatory (PHov) and anovulatory (PHanov) phenotypes that mimic human PCOS features. We evaluated hepatic transferases, liver lipid content, the balance between lipogenesis and fatty acid oxidation pathway, oxidant/antioxidant balance and proinflammatory status. We also evaluated the general metabolic status through growth rate curve, basal glucose and insulin levels, glucose tolerance test, HOMA-IR index and serum lipid profile. Although neither PH group showed signs of liver lipid content, the lipogenesis and fatty oxidation pathways were altered. The PH groups also showed impaired oxidant/antioxidant balance, a decrease in the proinflammatory pathway (measured by prostaglandin E2 and cyclooxygenase-2 levels), decreased glucose tolerance, imbalance of circulating lipids and increased risk of metabolic syndrome. We conclude that prenatal hyperandrogenism generates both PHov and PHanov phenotypes with signs of liver alterations, imbalance in lipid metabolism and increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome. The anovulatory phenotype showed more alterations in liver lipogenesis and a more impaired balance of insulin and glucose metabolism, being more susceptible to the development of steatosis.
Gut microbiota mediates the alleviative effect of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane on obesity-induced glucose metabolism disorders in peripheral tissues in rat dams.; BACKGROUND: Obesity during pregnancy and lactation not only increases the incidence of metabolic disorders and gestational diabetes in mothers, but also programs adiposity and related metabolic diseases in offspring. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk polar lipids on gut microbiota and glucose metabolism in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed rat dams. METHODS: Sprague Dawley (SD) female rats were fed a HFD for 8 weeks to induce obesity, followed by HFD with or without oral administration of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane (MFGM-PL) at 400 mg/kg BW during pregnancy and lactation. At the end of lactation, fresh fecal samples of dams were collected, the gut microbiota was assessed, and the insulin-signaling protein expression in peripheral tissues (adipose tissue, liver and skeletal muscle) were measured. RESULTS: MFGM-PL supplementation attenuated body weight gain, ameliorated serum lipid profiles and improved insulin sensitivity in obese dams at the end of lactation. 16 S rDNA sequencing revealed that MFGM-PL increased the community richness and diversity of gut microbiota. The composition of gut microbiota was also changed after MFGM-PL supplementation as shown by an increase in the ratio of Bacteroidetes/Firmicutes and the relative abundance of Akkermansia, as well as a decrease in the relative abundance of Ruminococcaceae. The functional prediction of microbial communities by PICRUSt analysis showed that there were 7 KEGG pathways related to carbohydrate metabolism changed after MFGM-PL supplementation to HFD dams, including glycolysis/gluconeogenesis and insulin signaling pathway. Furthermore, MFGM-PL improved insulin signaling in the peripheral tissues including liver, adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. CONCLUSIONS: MFGM-PL supplementation during pregnancy and lactation improves the glucose metabolism disorders in HFD-induced obese dams, which may be linked to the regulation of gut microbiota induced by MFGM-PL.
Long-term maternal high-fat feeding from weaning through pregnancy and lactation predisposes offspring to hypertension, raised plasma lipids and fatty liver in mice.; In rodents, adverse prenatal nutrition, such as a maternal diet rich in fat during pregnancy, enhances susceptibility of the offspring to hypertension, type 2 diabetes and other features of the human metabolic syndrome in adulthood. However, previous experimental studies were confined to short-term modifications of the maternal diet during pregnancy and/or lactation periods, a situation uncommon in humans. Moreover in humans, the offspring may also consume a high-fat diet, which may take them beyond the range to which their development has adapted them to respond healthily. We examined in C57 mice the effects on offspring of feeding their mothers a high-fat (HF) or standard chow (C) diet from weaning through pregnancy and lactation, and whether there are additive phenotypic effects of feeding the offspring an HF diet from weaning to adulthood (dam-offspring dietary group HF-HF). This group was compared with offspring from HF-fed dams fed a C diet from weaning to adulthood (HF-C) and offspring from C-fed mothers fed the C or HF diet (C-C and HF-C, respectively). HF-HF, HF-C and C-HF adult female offspring were heavier, fatter, and had raised serum cholesterol and blood pressure compared with C-C female offspring. We observed a similar trend in male offspring except for the HF-C group which was not heavier or fatter than male C-C offspring. Histology showed lipid vacuoles within hepatocytes in the HF-HF, HF-C and C-HF but not the CC offspring. Serum C-reactive protein was elevated in female (C-HF and HF-HF) but not in male offspring. Elevated blood pressure in the HF-C and C-HF groups was attenuated in the HF-HF group in males but not in females. These findings indicate that long-term consumption of an HF diet by the mother predisposes her offspring to developing a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype in adult life, although cardiovascular effects of an HF diet are related to sex specificity in the HF-HF group.
Correlation of viral load of Hepatitis B with the gestation period and the development of diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To elaborate how the viral load of HBV affects the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We enrolled 196 chronic HBV-infected pregnant patients in this hospital between January 2012 and December 2017 for delivery in this study. According to the viral load of HBV-DNA, these patients were divided into the HBV-DNA negative group (n = 107, <1 × 10(3) copies/mL) and HBV-DNA positive group (n = 89, ≥1 × 10(3) copies/mL). Simultaneously, 100 HBV-free pregnant women who were admitted to the hospital for delivery were included in the control group. Before delivery, fasting venous blood was drawn from the pregnant women to perform the HBV-DNA quantification through qRT-PCR
Perinatal exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate affects glucose metabolism in adult offspring.; Perfluoroalkyl acids (PFAAs) are globally present in the environment and are widely distributed in human populations and wildlife. The chemicals are ubiquitous in human body fluids and have a long serum elimination half-life. The notorious member of PFAAs, perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) is prioritized as a global concerning chemical at the Stockholm Convention in 2009, due to its harmful effects in mammals and aquatic organisms. PFOS is known to affect lipid metabolism in adults and was found to be able to cross human placenta. However the effects of in utero exposure to the susceptibility of metabolic disorders in offspring have not yet been elucidated. In this study, pregnant CD-1 mice (F0) were fed with 0, 0.3 or 3 mg PFOS/kg body weight/day in corn oil by oral gavage daily throughout gestational and lactation periods. We investigated the immediate effects of perinatal exposure to PFOS on glucose metabolism in both maternal and offspring after weaning (PND 21). To determine if the perinatal exposure predisposes the risk for metabolic disorder to the offspring, weaned animals without further PFOS exposure, were fed with either standard or high-fat diet until PND 63. Fasting glucose and insulin levels were measured while HOMA-IR index and glucose AUCs were reported. Our data illustrated the first time the effects of the environmental equivalent dose of PFOS exposure on the disturbance of glucose metabolism in F1 pups and F1 adults at PND 21 and 63, respectively. Although the biological effects of PFOS on the elevated levels of fasting serum glucose and insulin levels were observed in both pups and adults of F1, the phenotypes of insulin resistance and glucose intolerance were only evident in the F1 adults. The effects were exacerbated under HFD, highlighting the synergistic action at postnatal growth on the development of metabolic disorders.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses.; Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68
Initiation of metformin in early pregnancy results in fetal bioaccumulation, growth restriction, and renal dysmorphology in a primate model.; BACKGROUND: In recent years, pragmatic metformin use in pregnancy has stretched to include prediabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and (most recently) preeclampsia. However, with its expanded use, concerns of unintended harm have been raised. OBJECTIVE: This study developed an experimental primate model and applied ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry for direct quantitation of maternal and fetal tissue metformin levels with detailed fetal biometry and histopathology. STUDY DESIGN: Within 30 days of confirmed conception (defined as early pregnancy), 13 time-bred (timed-mated breeding) Rhesus dams with pregnancies designated for fetal necropsy were initiated on twice-daily human dose-equivalent 10 mg/kg metformin or vehicle control. Pregnant dams were maintained as pairs and fed either a control chow or 36% fat Western-style diet. Metformin or placebo vehicle control was delivered in various treats while the animals were separated via a slide. A cesarean delivery was performed at gestational day 145, and amniotic fluid and blood were collected, and the fetus and placenta were delivered. The fetus was immediately necropsied by trained primate center personnel. All fetal organs were dissected, measured, sectioned, and processed per clinical standards. Fluid and tissue metformin levels were assayed using validated ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry in selected reaction monitoring against standard curves. RESULTS: Among 13 pregnancies at gestational day 145 with fetal necropsy, 1 dam and its fetal tissues had detectable metformin levels despite being allocated to the vehicle control group (>1 μmol metformin/kg maternal weight or fetal or placental tissue), whereas a second fetus allocated to the vehicle control group had severe fetal growth restriction (birthweight of 248.32 g [<1%]) and was suspected of having a fetal congenital condition. After excluding these 2 fetal pregnancies from further analyses, 11 fetuses from dams initiated on either vehicle control (n=4: 3 female and 1 male fetuses) or 10 mg/kg metformin (n=7: 5 female and 2 male fetuses) were available for analyses. Among dams initiated on metformin at gestational day 30 (regardless of maternal diet), significant bioaccumulation within the fetal kidney (0.78-6.06 μmol/kg
FGF4, A New Potential Regulator in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, however the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. The aim of this study was to find efficient regulator of FGFs in response to the pathogenesis of GDM and explore the role of the FGFs in GDM. Methods: We performed a systematic screening of placental FGFs in GDM patients and further in two different GDM mouse models to investigate their expression changes. Significant changed FGF4 was selected, engineered, purified, and used to treat GDM mice in order to examine whether it can regulate the adverse metabolic phenotypes of the diabetic mice and protect their fetus. Results: We found FGF4 expression was elevated in GDM patients and its level was positively correlated to blood glucose, indicating a physiological relevance of FGF4 with respect to the development of GDM. Recombinant FGF4 (rFGF4) treatment could effectively normalize the adverse metabolic phenotypes in high fat diet induced GDM mice but not in STZ induced GDM mice. However, rFGF4 was highly effective in reduce of neural tube defects (NTDs) of embryos in both the two GDM models. Mechanistically, rFGF4 treatment inhibits pro-inflammatory signaling cascades and neuroepithelial cell apoptosis of both GDM models, which was independent of glucose regulation. Conclusions/interpretation: Our study provides novel insight into the important roles of placental FGF4 and suggests that it may serve as a promising diagnostic factor and therapeutic target for GDM.
Maternal obesity impacts fetal liver androgen signalling in a sex-specific manner.; BACKGROUND: Maternal obesity (MO) increases fetal androgen concentrations, the prevalence of macrosomia, and predisposes offspring to metabolic dysfunction in later life, especially males. These risks may be, in part, the result of increased liver-specific androgen signalling pathway activity in utero. Androgen signalling activity can be suppressed by androgen metabolism via cytochrome P450 (CYP) isoenzymes (CYP2B6, CYP3A) or through inhibition of the full-length androgen receptor (AR-FL) via the antagonistic isoform, AR-45. We hypothesised MO impairs CYP enzyme activity and AR-45 expression in male fetal livers, thereby enhancing activity of androgen signalling pathways. METHODS: Nine months prior to pregnancy, nulliparous female baboons were assigned to either ad libitum control or high fat diet. At 165 day (d) gestation (term, 180 d) fetal liver was collected (n = 6/sex/group). CYP activity was quantified using functional assays
The developmental basis of disease: Update on environmental exposures and animal models.; At the Prenatal Programming and Toxicity (PPTox) Conference I in 2008, I presented an overview of the developmental origins of health and disease field focusing on environmental chemical exposures and disease outcomes. At that time, I noted that the field was getting off the ground with a focus on developmental exposure to a small number of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) and disease outcomes across the lifespan in animal models. In this update, I note that the DOHaD field has changed significantly over the last decade. There are new windows of susceptibility including preconception, prepuberty, a focus on the mother and not just the offspring, and a significant focus on the new field of epigenetic transgenerational inheritance. New disease focus areas have sprung up including obesity, type 2 diabetes and fatty liver disease, all with a connection to developmental exposures to EDCs. There is also a focus on the study of new EDCs, molecular mechanisms, the development of new biomarkers of exposure and disease outcomes and studies focusing on intervention and prevention studies.
Maternal Socs3 knockdown attenuates postnatal obesity caused by an early life environment of maternal obesity and intrauterine overnutrition in progeny mice.; Pathological states in the early life environment of mammalian offspring, including maternal obesity and intrauterine overnutrition, can induce obesity and metabolic disorder later in life. Leptin resistance caused by upregulation of Socs3 in the hypothalamus of offspring was believed to be the main mechanism of this effect. In this study, obese mother (OM) and lean mother (LM) models were generated by feeding C57BL/6N female mice a high-fat diet or standard lean diet, respectively. Additionally, an obese mother with intervention (OMI) model was generated by injecting the high-fat diet group with Socs3-shRNA lentivirus during early pregnancy. The offspring of the groups was correspondingly named OM-F(1) , LM-F(1) , and OMI-F(1) , representing progeny mouse models of different early life environments. The offspring were fed a high-fat diet to test their propensity for obesity. The body weight, food intake and fat accumulation were higher, while glucose intolerance and insulin resistance were worse in the OM-F(1) group than LM-F(1) group. By contrast, the obesity phenotype, hyperphagia and metabolic disorder were alleviated in the OMI-F(1) group compared with the OM-F(1) group. The mechanism was identified that downregulation of hypothalamic SOCS3 resulted in an increased level of p-STAT3 and p-JAK2, which ameliorated the leptin resistance and restored the lean expression of appetite regulatory genes (Pomc and Agrp) in hypothalamus of OMI-F(1) group. Taken together, these results indicate that reducing maternal Socs3 expression during pregnancy can attenuate obesity caused by the early life environment in mice, which may inspire therapies that enable obese mothers to bear metabolically healthy children.
Nervonic acid triggered ovarian inflammation by inducing mitochondrial oxidative stress to activate NLRP3/ IL-1β pathway.; INTRODUCTION: Metabolic syndrome is a serious public health concern across the globe. However, the typical metabolites and mechanisms underlying the decreased fertility related to metabolic syndrome is still elusive. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to explore the typical metabolites and mechanisms underlying the decreased fertility related with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Utilizing metabolomics, a comparative analysis was conducted on fatty acid compositions in various tissues of sows with high and low reproductive performance. Additionally, serum fatty acid compositions in a metabolic syndrome model (obese mice) induced by a high-fat diet (HFD) were investigated to elucidate the lipid metabolites associated with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the impact of nervonic acid (NA) on ovarian function was examined using rodent animal models (rats and mice). Through biological techniques such as transcriptomics, CUT&Tag, and analysis of post-translational protein modifications, the molecular mechanisms underlying NA mediated ovarian inflammation were further elucidated based on models utilizing ovarian granulosa cells from pigs, humans, and mice. Finally, validation was performed on ovaries from patients diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome. RESULTS: In vitro, targeted serum lipidomic analysis revealed that sows with low embryo survival rates exhibited abnormal lipid metabolism characterized by abnormal accumulation of NA in the liver, ovary, and adipose tissue. Additionally, elevated NA levels trigger ovarian inflammation to cause ovarian dysfunction in both sows and rats. Mechanistically, NA induce mitochondrial oxidative stress through inhibiting respiratory chain proteins CYTB and NDFUB8 to activate NLRP3 inflammasome, which triggers procaspase-1 into active caspase-1, and convert the cytokine precursors pro-IL-1β into biologically active IL-1β in ovarian granulosa cells. Notably, we evidenced that NA promotes IL-1β activities by increasing H3K9ac modification level of IL-1β promoter regions and regulating the expression of the transcription factor AP-1. Finally, we found that the decreased expression of CerS2 in ovaries and the increased level of chemokine CXCL14 may be the cause of abnormal NA accumulation. Surprisingly, individuals with polycystic ovary syndrome, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver or gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit a high level of serum NA. CONCLUSION: Collectively, our current study suggests that NA is a typical metabolite of metabolic syndrome, which strongly influences the ovarian function and embryo survival and also provides that interfering with mitochondrial ROS production is a potential strong strategy for target solving abnormal NA accumulation.
Maternal Hepatitis B Infection and Pregnancy Outcomes in the United States: A Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in pregnancy has been associated with risk of adverse maternal and infant outcomes in highly endemic settings, but this association is not well characterized in the United States. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study in Washington State using linked birth certificate and hospital discharge records from 1992-2014. Among pregnant women with hepatitis B (n = 4391) and a hepatitis B-negative group (n = 22 410), we compared the risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, placenta previa, preterm delivery, low birthweight, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: Hepatitis B-infected pregnant women were more likely to be Asian (61% vs 8%, P < .001), foreign-born (76% vs 23%, P < .001), and older in age (77% vs 64% ≥26 years, P < .001). They were less commonly overweight or obese (33% vs 50%, P < .001). There was a lower risk of small for gestational age infants among HBV-infected women (adjusted RR [aRR], 0.79
Sex-dependent nutritional programming: fish oil intake during early pregnancy in rats reduces age-dependent insulin resistance in male, but not female, offspring.; Prenatal and early postnatal nutritional status may predispose offspring to impaired glucose tolerance and changes in insulin sensitivity in adult life. The long-term consequences of changes in maternal dietary fatty acid composition were determined in rats. From day 1 until day 12 of pregnancy, rats were given isocaloric diets containing 9% nonvitamin fat based on soybean, olive, fish (FO), linseed, or palm oil. Thereafter, they were maintained on the standard diet
Fructose only in pregnancy provokes hyperinsulinemia, hypoadiponectinemia, and impaired insulin signaling in adult male, but not female, progeny.; PURPOSE: Fructose intake from added sugars correlates with the epidemic rise in metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. However, consumption of beverages containing fructose is allowed during gestation. Recently, we found that an intake of fructose (10 % wt/vol) throughout gestation produces impaired fetal leptin signaling and hepatic steatosis. Therefore, we have investigated whether fructose intake during pregnancy produces subsequent changes in the progeny, when adult. METHODS: Fed 261-day-old male and female descendants from fructose-fed, control or glucose-fed mothers were used. Plasma was used to analyze glucose, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin. Hepatic expression of proteins related to insulin signaling was determined. RESULTS: Fructose intake throughout pregnancy did not produce alterations in the body weight of the progeny. Adult male progeny of fructose-fed mothers had elevated levels of insulin without a parallel increase in phosphorylation of protein kinase B. However, they displayed an augmented serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-2, indicating reduced insulin signal transduction. In agreement, adiponectin levels, which have been positively related to insulin sensitivity, were lower in male descendants from fructose-fed mothers than in the other two groups. Furthermore, mRNA levels for insulin-responsive genes were not affected (phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, glucose-6-phosphatase) or they were decreased (sterol response element-binding protein-1c) in the livers of male progeny from fructose-supplemented rats. On the contrary, adult female rats from fructose-fed mothers did not exhibit any of these disturbances. CONCLUSION: Maternal fructose, but not glucose, intake confined to the prenatal stage provokes impaired insulin signal transduction, hyperinsulinemia, and hypoadiponectinemia in adult male, but not female, progeny.
Peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma 2 modulates late pregnancy homeostatic metabolic adaptations.; Pregnancy requires the adaptation of maternal energy metabolism including expansion and functional modifications of adipose tissue. Insulin resistance (IR), predominantly during late gestation, is a physiological metabolic adaptation that serves to support the metabolic demands of fetal growth. The molecular mechanisms underlying these adaptations are not fully understood and may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) controls adipogenesis, glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. The PPARγ2 isoform is mainly expressed in adipocytes and is thus likely to contribute to adipose tissue adaptation during late pregnancy. In the present study, we investigated the contribution of PPARγ2 to the metabolic adaptations occurring during the late phase of pregnancy in the context of IR. Using a model of late pregnancy in PPARγ2 knockout (KO) mice, we found that deletion of PPARγ2 exacerbated IR in association with lower serum adiponectin levels, increased body weight and enhanced lipid accumulation in liver. Lack of PPARγ2 provoked changes in the distribution of fat mass and preferentially prevented the expansion of the perigonadal depot while at the same time exacerbating inflammation. PPARγ2KO pregnant mice presented adipose tissue depot-dependent decreased expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. Collectively, these data indicate that PPARγ2 is essential to promote healthy adipose tissue expansion and immune and metabolic functionality during pregnancy, contributing to the physiological adaptations that lead gestation to term.
Fetal hyperinsulinemia increases farnesylation of p21 Ras in fetal tissues.; Even though the role of fetal hyperinsulinemia in the pathogenesis of fetal macrosomia in patients with overt diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus seems plausible, the molecular mechanisms of action of hyperinsulinemia remain largely enigmatic. Recent indications that hyperinsulinemia "primes" various tissues to the mitogenic influence of growth factors by increasing the pool of prenylated Ras proteins prompted us to investigate the effect of fetal hyperinsulinemia on the activitiy of farnesyltransferase (FTase) and the amounts of farnesylated p21 Ras in fetal tissues in the ovine experimental model. Induction of fetal hyperinsulinemia by direct infusion of insulin into the fetus and by either fetal or maternal infusions of glucose resulted in significant increases in the activity of FTase and the amounts of farnesylated p21 Ras in fetal liver, skeletal muscle, fat, and white blood cells. An additional infusion of somatostatin into hyperglycemic fetuses blocked fetal hyperinsulinemia and completely prevented these increases, specifying insulin as the causative factor. We conclude that the ability of fetal hyperinsulinemia to increase the size of the pool of farnesylated p21 Ras may prime fetal tissues to the action of other growth factors and thereby constitute one mechanism by which fetal hyperinsulinemia could induce macrosomia in diabetic pregnancies.
MALAT1 as a Diagnostic and Therapeutic Target in Diabetes-Related Complications: A Promising Long-Noncoding RNA.; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
E-cigarettes damage the liver and alter nutrient metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring.; Approximately 15% of pregnant women vape electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes), exposing the fetus to a range of toxic compounds, including nicotine and by-products of e-cigarette liquid (e-liquid) pyrolysis. Owing to the recent emergence of these products, research mainly focuses on immediate users, and not on in utero exposure. Therefore, this study aimed to understand the impact of intrauterine e-cigarette vapor (e-vapor) exposure, with and without nicotine, on liver metabolic markers in the male offspring. E-vapor was generated using an e-cigarette filled with tobacco-flavored e-liquid (18 or 0 mg/mL nicotine). Female Balb/c mice were exposed to e-vapor for 6 weeks before mating, through gestation and lactation, without direct exposure to the offspring. Livers and plasma from dams and male offspring (13 weeks old) were examined. Exposure to nicotine-free e-vapor promoted metabolic changes and liver damage in both the dams and their offspring. Furthermore, exposure to nicotine-containing e-vapor did not cause liver damage but induced hepatic steatosis in the adult offspring. Therefore, maternal vaping is detrimental to both the dams and their offspring, with nicotine providing a potential protective effect.
Ultrasound evaluation of the fetal fat tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord measurements in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 1 diabetes mellitus: potential application in the fetal birth-weight estimation and prediction of the fetal macrosomia.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to evaluate the ultrasound-derived measurements of the fetal soft-tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational (GDM) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and further to assess their applicability in the estimation of the fetal birth-weight and prediction of fetal macrosomia. METHODS: Measurements were obtained from diet-controlled GDM (GDMG1) (n = 40), insulin-controlled GDM (GDMG2) (n = 40), T1DM (n = 24) and healthy control (n = 40) patients. The following parameters were selected for analysis: fetal sub-scapular fat mass (SSFM), abdominal fat mass (AFM), mid-thigh fat/lean mass (MTFM/MTLM) and inter-ventricular septum (IVS) thicknesses, heart and thorax circumference and area (HeC/HeA
Adipose stem cells-derived small extracellular vesicles transport Thrombospondin 1 cargo to promote insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a highly prevalent disease and poses a significant risk to the health of pregnant women. Abdominal adipose tissue (AT) contributes to insulin resistance (IR) associated with GDM. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. METHODS: In this study, we developed a mouse model of GDM by subjecting mice to a high-fat diet. We collected adipose-derived stem cells (ADSCs) from the abdominal and inguinal regions and examined their role in inducing IR in normal tissues through the secretion of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs). The sEVs derived from ADSCs isolated from GDM mice (ADSC/GDM) were found to inhibit cell viability and insulin sensitivity in AML12, a normal mouse liver cell line. RESULTS: Through proteomic analysis, we identified high levels of the thrombospondin 1 (Thbs1) protein in the sEVs derived from ADSC/GDM. Subsequent overexpression of Thbs1 protein in AML12 cells demonstrated similar IR as observed with ADSC/GDM-derived sEVs. Mechanistically, the Thbs1 protein within the sEVs interacted with CD36 and transforming growth factor (Tgf) β receptors in AML12 cells, leading to the activation of Tgfβ/Smad2 signaling. Furthermore, the administration of LSKL, an antagonistic peptide targeting Thbs1, suppressed Thbs1 expression in ADSC/GDM-derived sEVs, thereby restoring insulin sensitivity in AML12 cells and GDM mice in vivo. CONCLUSIONS: These findings shed light on the intercellular transmission mechanism through which ADSCs influence hepatic insulin sensitivity and underscore the therapeutic potential of targeting the Thbs1 protein within sEVs.
Metabolic programming in offspring of mice fed fructose during pregnancy and lactation.; Fructose (C(6)H(12)O(6)), also known as levulose, is a hexose. Chronic consumption of fructose may be associated with increased intrahepatic fat concentration and the development of insulin resistance as well as an increase in the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and hyperlipidemia during pregnancy. Despite the existence of many studies regarding the consumption of fructose in pregnancy, its effects on fetuses have not yet been fully elucidated. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate the genetic and biochemical effects in offspring (male and female) of female mice treated with fructose during pregnancy and lactation. Pairs of 60-day-old Swiss mice were used and divided into three groups
Short communication: Circulating fatty acylcarnitines are elevated in overweight periparturient dairy cows in association with sphingolipid biomarkers of insulin resistance.; Defects in mitochondrial fatty acid processing are associated with the development of fatty liver disease, inflammation, and insulin resistance in overweight nonruminants. Surplus fatty acids (FA) and defects in FA oxidation favor the accumulation of fatty acylcarnitines (FAC) and the sphingolipid ceramide. Moreover, elevated circulating FAC and ceramide concentrations are inversely related to insulin action. Because we have previously demonstrated that plasma ceramide levels increase during the transition from gestation to lactation, our aim was to determine whether changes in plasma medium- and long-chain FAC levels are related to circulating FA and sphingolipids in peripartal dairy cows. We hypothesized that plasma FAC levels would be higher in overweight cows experiencing increased lipolysis, and that FAC levels would be positively associated with elevations in plasma ceramides. Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows were grouped according to body condition score (BCS) at d -30 prepartum as lean (BCS <3.0
Metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIM OF THE STUDY: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is now the most prevalent chronic liver disease in the world. Its prevalence in women of reproductive age is approximately 10%. Due to its high prevalence in this specific population, it is important to investigate adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by MAFLD during pregnancy. We aimed to summarize the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A search was conducted on PubMed and ProQuest from inception to April 1, 2021, for studies assessing the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). We analyzed the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed and random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed using I (2). RESULTS: Six studies comprising 20,535,994 (5,964 MAFLD) pregnant women were included. The quality of studies ranged from 6 to 8 stars. MAFLD was significantly associated with increased risk of dysglycemia (OR = 3.65, 95% CI = 2.47-5.39), pregnancy-associated hypertension (OR = 3.27, 95% CI = 2.75-3.88), cesarean section (OR = 2.78, 95% CI = 1.60-4.83), and preterm birth (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.37-2.10) but not large for gestational age (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 0.64-4.45). CONCLUSIONS: The presence of MAFLD is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
Maternal high-fat intake during pregnancy programs metabolic-syndrome-related phenotypes through liver mitochondrial DNA copy number and transcriptional activity of liver PPARGC1A.; In this study, we contrasted the hypothesis that maternal diet during pregnancy has an impact on fetal metabolic programming through changes in liver mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content and transcriptional activity of Ppargc1a and that these effects are sex specific. METHODS: Rats were fed either high-fat (HFD) or standard chow diet (SCD) during gestation and lactation. The resulting adult male and female offspring were fed either HFD or SCD for an 18-week period, generating eight experimental groups. RESULTS: Maternal HFD feeding during pregnancy is associated with a decreased liver mtDNA copy number (P<.008). This effect was independent of the offspring sex or diet, and was significantly associated with fatty liver when dams were fed HFD (P<.05, adjusted by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR). We also found that maternal HFD feeding results in a male-specific significant reduction of the liver abundance of Ppargc1a mRNA (P<.004), which significantly impacted peripheral insulin resistance. Liver expression of Ppargc1a was inversely correlated with HOMA-IR (R=-0.53, P<.0003). Only male offspring exposed to a chronic metabolic insult in adult life were insulin resistant and hyperleptinemic, and showed abnormal liver and abdominal fat accumulation. Liver abundance of Tfam, Nrf1, Hnf4a, Pepck and Ppparg mRNA was not associated with maternal programming. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet feeding during pregnancy programs liver mtDNA content and the transcriptional activity of Ppargc1a, which strongly modulates, in a sex-specific manner, glucose homeostasis and organ fat accumulation in adult life after exposure to a nutritional insult.
Myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection in pregnancy.; Myocardial infarction associated with pregnancy is a relatively rare event, usually related to maternal risk factors for ischemic heart disease such as hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Coronary artery dissection represents an even more uncommon event and generally occurs in peripartum women without predisposing risk factors. A 31-year-old patient's postpartum course was complicated by the development of probable acute fatty liver of pregnancy followed by myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection. The acute fatty liver of pregnancy and the cardiac event in our patient may both be vasospastic events related to vascular hypersensitivity.
Foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of cardiometabolic conditions in adulthood: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies was performed to provide a deeper understanding of the associations between foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, hypertension, hyperglycaemia, dyslipidaemia, obesity, overweight, coronary heart disease, stroke, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adulthood. Both foetal and childhood exposure to famine were positively associated with the risks of T2DM (foetal exposure: RR 1.37, 95% CI, 1.23-1.52
Maternal cholestasis during pregnancy programs metabolic disease in offspring.; The intrauterine environment is a major contributor to increased rates of metabolic disease in adults. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a liver disease of pregnancy that affects 0.5%-2% of pregnant women and is characterized by increased bile acid levels in the maternal serum. The influence of ICP on the metabolic health of offspring is unknown. We analyzed the Northern Finland birth cohort 1985-1986 database and found that 16-year-old children of mothers with ICP had altered lipid profiles. Males had increased BMI, and females exhibited increased waist and hip girth compared with the offspring of uncomplicated pregnancies. We further investigated the effect of maternal cholestasis on the metabolism of adult offspring in the mouse. Females from cholestatic mothers developed a severe obese, diabetic phenotype with hepatosteatosis following a Western diet, whereas matched mice not exposed to cholestasis in utero did not. Female littermates were susceptible to metabolic disease before dietary challenge. Human and mouse studies showed an accumulation of lipids in the fetoplacental unit and increased transplacental cholesterol transport in cholestatic pregnancy. We believe this is the first report showing that cholestatic pregnancy in the absence of altered maternal BMI or diabetes can program metabolic disease in the offspring.
The effects of vitamin D3 on lipogenesis in the liver and adipose tissue of pregnant rats.; Obesity is a worldwide individual and public health issue, and contributes to the development of numerous chronic diseases. In particular, maternal obesity has harmful effects on both the mother and child during and after pregnancy. The digestion and metabolism of food are controlled by endocrine factors, including insulin, glucagon and estrogen. These hormonal factors are differentially regulated during pregnancy due to the specialized hormonal environment during this period. In the present study, we examined the effects of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (VD3), an active hormonal form of nutritional vitamin D3, on lipid metabolism in pregnant rats. The body weight of rats treated with VD3 was significantly reduced compared to that of the rats in the control group. In addition, histological analysis demonstrated that the amount of fat stored in adipocytes was reduced by treatment with VD3. To determine the role of VD3 in lipid metabolism, the expression levels of lipid metabolism‑associated genes were measured in the rat adipose tissue and liver. VD3 negatively regulated the expression of various lipogenic genes, including fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (ACC1), in both the adipose tissue and liver. However, the regulators of lipogenic enzymes such as, sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPAR-γ) and insulin-induced gene 2 (INSIG2) were differentially regulated by VD3 in a tissue‑specific manner. On the whole, these findings suggest that VD3 regulates lipid metabolism and deposition in the liver and adipose tissue, and thereby reduces fat in pregnant animals, as well as body weight. Our results suggest that the alteration of lipogenesis through the administration of VD3 may help to reduce excessive weight gain during pregnancy and prevent obesity‑related pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, hypertension and issues with labor.
Maternal resistance to diet-induced obesity partially protects newborn and post-weaning male mice offspring from metabolic disturbances.; The rising rate of childhood overweight follows the increase in maternal obesity, since perinatal events impact offspring in a diversity of metabolic disorders. Despite many studies that have linked dietary consumption, overnutrition, or maternal obesity as the mediators of fetal metabolic programming, there are gaps regarding the knowledge about the contribution of different maternal phenotypes to the development of metabolic disturbances in offspring. This study aimed to investigate whether maternal high-fat diet (HFD) consumption without the development of the obese phenotype would protect offspring from metabolic disturbances. Female mice were fed standard chow diet or a HFD for 4 weeks before mating. HFD females were classified into obesity-resistant (OR) or obesity-prone (OP), according to weight gain. OP females presented with higher adiposity, fasting serum glucose and insulin, cholesterol and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA). Newborn offspring from OP dams showed higher serum glucose and insulin and alteration in hepatic gene expression that may have contributed to the rise in hepatic fat content and decline of glycogen levels in the liver. Despite offspring from OR and OP females having showed similar growth after the day of delivery, offspring from OP females had higher caloric intake, fasting glucose, serum triglycerides and altered hepatic gene expression, as well as glucose and pyruvate intolerance and lower insulin sensitivity at d28 compared with offspring from OR females. Maternal pre-pregnancy serum glucose, insulin, and NEFA positively correlated with serum glucose and fat liver content and negatively correlated with hepatic glycogen in offspring. In conclusion, our results show that maternal resistance to diet-induced obesity partially protects offspring from early metabolic disturbances.
Dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model.; PURPOSE: The incidence of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia and hypertension is increasing along with associated morbidities to mother and offspring. The high fructose diet is a well-studied model that induces hyperglycemia and hypertension in male rodents, but may not affect females. We hypothesized that the physiologic stress of pregnancy may alter metabolic responses to dietary fructose. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study female Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into two gestational dietary groups: (1) 60% carbohydrate standard rat chow (Pregnant-S-controls) and (2) 60% fructose enriched chow (Pregnant-F). Body weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin were measured in pregnancy and during the post-partum period. Maternal organ weight and histological changes were also assessed after delivery. RESULTS: By midpregnancy Pregnant-F rats had increased weight, elevated blood pressure, higher fasting glucose, and elevated triglycerides compared with Pregnant-S rats. Both groups demonstrated elevated gestational insulin levels with signs of insulin resistance (increased HOMA-IR). Pregnant-F rats showed significant histopathologic hepatic steatosis and renal tubular changes characterized by tubular dilation and glomerulosclerosis. CONCLUSION: Our study provides a model in which dietary change during pregnancy can be examined. We demonstrate, moreover, that high dietary fructose ingestion in pregnant rats may result in profound systemic and pathologic changes not appreciated during routine pregnancy.
Maternal Diabetes and Postnatal High-Fat Diet on Pregnant Offspring.; Maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming predisposes offspring to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity in adulthood. However, lifelong health and disease trajectories depend on several factors and nutrition is one of the main ones. We intend to understand the role of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming and its association with a high-fat diet during lifelong in the female F1 generation focusing on reproductive outcomes and the possible changes in physiological systems during pregnancy as well as the repercussions on the F2 generation at birth. For this, we composed four groups: F1 female pups from control (OC) or from diabetic dams (OD) and fed with standard (SD) or high-fat diet from weaning to full-term pregnancy. During pregnancy, glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity were evaluated. In a full-term pregnancy, the maternal blood and liver were collected to evaluate redox status markers. The maternal blood, placental tissue, and fetal blood (pool) were collected to evaluate adiponectin and leptin levels. Maternal reproductive parameters were evaluated as well. Maternal diabetes and high-fat diet consumption, in isolation, were both responsible for increased infertility rates and fasting glucose levels in the F1 generation and fetal growth restriction in the F2 generation. The association of both conditions showed, in addition to those, increased lipoperoxidation in maternal erythrocytes, regardless of the increased endogenous antioxidant enzyme activities, glucose intolerance, decreased number of implantation sites and live fetuses, decreased litter, fetal and placental weight, increased preimplantation losses, and increased fetal leptin serum levels. Thus, our findings show that fetal programming caused by maternal diabetes or lifelong high-fat diet consumption leads to similar repercussions in pregnant rats. In addition, the association of both conditions was responsible for glucose intolerance and oxidative stress in the first generation and increased fetal leptin levels in the second generation. Thus, our findings show both the F1 and F2 generations harmed health after maternal hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and exposure to a high-fat diet from weaning until the end of pregnancy.
Early-life physical activity reverses metabolic and Foxo1 epigenetic misregulation induced by gestational sleep disturbance.; Sleep disorders are highly prevalent during late pregnancy and can impose adverse effects, such as preeclampsia and diabetes. However, the consequences of sleep fragmentation (SF) on offspring metabolism and epigenomic signatures are unclear. We report that physical activity during early life, but not later, reversed the increased body weight, altered glucose and lipid homeostasis, and increased visceral adipose tissue in offspring of mice subjected to gestational SF (SFo). The reversibility of this phenotype may reflect epigenetic mechanisms induced by SF during gestation. Accordingly, we found that the metabolic master switch Foxo1 was epigenetically misregulated in SFo livers in a temporally regulated fashion. Temporal Foxo1 analysis and its gluconeogenetic targets revealed that the epigenetic abnormalities of Foxo1 precede the metabolic syndrome phenotype. Importantly, regular physical activity early, but not later in life, reversed Foxo1 epigenetic misregulation and altered the metabolic phenotype in gestationally SF-exposed offspring. Thus, we have identified a restricted postnatal period during which lifestyle interventions may reverse the Foxo1 epigenetically mediated risk for metabolic dysfunction later in the life, as induced by gestational sleep disorders.
Maternal exercise alters rat fetoplacental stress response: Minimal effects of maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal growth restriction complicates 10% of pregnancies and increases offspring (F1) risk of metabolic disorders, including obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This disease predisposition can be passed onto the next generation (F2). Importantly, the risk of pregnancy complications in obese women can be exacerbated by a stressful pregnancy. Exercise can reduce adiposity and improve health outcomes in obese women and those with GDM. This study investigated the impacts of maternal growth restriction, obesity, exercise, and stress on fetal and placental endocrine function. METHODS: Uteroplacental insufficiency (Restricted) or sham (Control) surgery was induced on embryonic day (E) 18 in F0 Wistar-Kyoto rats. F1 offspring were fed a Chow or High-fat (HFD) diet from weaning and, at 16 weeks, were randomly allocated an exercise protocol
[HBV infection and pregnancy].; Diagnosis of HBV infection among pregnant women is necessary for the child protection against infection with this virus as well as further diagnosis and therapy of the mother. HBV infection may affect the increased incidence of early deliveries, lower Apgar scores in newborns as well as a greater risk of developing diabetes or antenatal haemorrhage in pregnancy. On the other hand, increased concentrations of adrenal corticosteroids and estrogens during pregnancy may be responsible for increase of HBV viral load. The risk of infection to the unborn fetus is minimal, but it increases when childbirth is carried in the natural way. The risk is particularly high among mothers with high viral load and present HBe antigen. In order to protect the fetus from infection it is recommended to complete pregnancy by cesarean section, and additionally provide active-passive prophylaxis immediately after childbirth. None of the antiviral drugs used in the treatment of HBV is authorized by the FDA for use in pregnant women. However, data collected on some of these drugs administered in the past to HIV and HBV-infected females which during pregnancy became pregnant, demonstrated frequency of congenital defects on the level similar to general population of newborns in Poland. Concluding, pregnancy in females with high HBV viral load and advanced liver disease should be preceded if possible by an antiviral treatment, because of the high rate of complications. Women with low viral load and slight liver damage, can be treated after birth, but appropriate newborn prophylaxis against HBV infection should be provided immediately.
Maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation affects hepatic lipid metabolism in early life of offspring rat.; We investigated whether maternal over-nutrition during pregnancy and lactation affects the offspring's lipid metabolism at weaning by assessing liver lipid metabolic gene expressions and analysing its mechanisms on the development of metabolic abnormalities. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with standard chow diet (CON) or high-fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks, and then continued feeding during gestation and lactation. The offspring whose dams were fed with HFD had a lower birth weight but an increased body weight with impaired glucose tolerance, higher serum cholesterol, and hepatic steatosis at weaning. Microarray analyses showed that there were 120 genes differently expressed between the two groups. We further verified the results by qRT-PCR. Significant increase of the lipogenesis (Me1, Scd1) gene expression was found in HFD (P less than 0.05), and up-regulated expression of genes (PPAR-alpha, Cpt1 alpha, Ehhadh) involved in beta-oxidation was also observed (P less than 0.05), but the Acsl3 gene was down-regulated (P less than 0.05). Maternal over-nutrition could not only primarily induce lipogenesis, but also promote lipolysis through an oxidation pathway as compensation, eventually leading to an increased body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, elevated serum cholesterol and hepatic steatosis at weaning. This finding may provide some evidence for a healthy maternal diet in order to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases in the early life of the offspring.
Fertility and pregnancy in thalassemia major.; Over the last 15 years, 22 women with thalassemia major have completed 29 pregnancies at the Royal Hospital in London. The major pre-pregnancy issues, medications, and pregnancy care are reviewed. Experience suggests that, with proper care and guidance, pregnancies among women with thalassemia major are practical and can have successful outcomes.
Higher maternal gestational glucose concentration is associated with lower offspring insulin sensitivity and altered beta-cell function.; CONTEXT: Intrauterine exposure to elevated glucose concentrations may be a mediating factor in prenatal programming of offspring diabetes risk. However, studies examining the effects of maternal glucose concentration on measures of insulin sensitivity and β-cell response in prepubertal children are limited. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that maternal gestational glucose concentration would be inversely associated with children's insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity and positively associated with children's β-cell response independent of adiposity and insulin sensitivity. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a cross-sectional study of 21 children aged 5-10 yr in a clinical research setting. OUTCOMES MEASURED: Children's insulin sensitivity index and basal, static, dynamic, and total β-cell response to glucose were determined by mathematical modeling using insulin, glucose, and C-peptide values after a liquid meal tolerance test. Children's percent body fat was determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Maternal gestational glucose concentration for the target pregnancy was determined after a 50-g, 1-h oral glucose challenge test at 24-28 wk gestation. RESULTS: Maternal glucose concentration was significantly, inversely associated with children's insulin sensitivity, independent of percent fat and ethnicity (P <0.05). A significant, positive association was observed for maternal glucose concentration with static β-cell response, independent of percent fat and insulin sensitivity (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal gestational glucose concentration was significantly associated with offspring insulin sensitivity and β-cell response independent of adiposity. These results suggest that maternal glucose may program the fetus both at the pancreas and at the level of insulin target tissues such as skeletal muscle and liver.
Safety of lamivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy.; AIM: To evaluate the safety of lamivudine (LAM) treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women who received LAM treatment either before pregnancy or in early pregnancy were enrolled in this study. All of the pregnant women volunteered to take lamivudine during pregnancy and were not co-infected with hepatitis C virus, human immunodeﬁciency virus, cytomegalovirus, or other viruses. All infants received passive-active immunoprophylaxis with 200 IU hepatitis B immunoglobulin and three doses of 10 μg hepatitis B vaccines (0-1-6 mo) according to the guidelines for the prevention and treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Adverse events were observed throughout the entire pregnancy and perinatal period, and the effectiveness of lamivudine treatment for blocking mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV) was evaluated. All adverse events in mothers and infants during pregnancy and the perinatal period and the HBV mother-to-infant transmission blocking rate were compared with the literature. RESULTS: Among the 92 pregnant women, spontaneous abortions occurred in 11 cases, while 3 mothers had a second pregnancy after the initial abortion
[Molecular mechanisms of action and health benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids].; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), linoleic acid n6 (LA) and linolenic acid (ALA) n3 obtained from the diet are precursors of the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (Lc-PUFAs) arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) respectively. Consumption of PUFAs is related with a better neurological and cognitive development in newborns. It has been demonstrated that consumption of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs decreases blood triglycerides by increasing fatty acid oxidation through activation of PPARalpha or by reducing the activation of SREBP-1 inhibiting lipogenesis. Dietary PUFAs activate PPARalpha and PPARgamma increasing lipid oxidation, and decreasing insulin resistance leading in a reduction of hepatic steatosis. Beneficial effects of PUFAs have been observed in humans and in animals models of diabetes, obesity, cancer, and cardiovascular diseases. It is important to promote the consumption of PUFAs. Main food sources of PUFAs n-6 are corn, soy and safflower oil, and for PUFAs n-3 are fish, soy, canola oil and, flaxseed. Finally FAO/WHO recommends an optimal daily intake of n6/n3 of 5-10:1.
Association between perinatal factors and hypospadias in newborns: a retrospective case-control study of 42,244 male infants.; BACKGROUND: Hypospadias is one of the most common male congenital malformations worldwide. It is characterised by the abnormal positioning of the opening of urethra, and may lead to problems with urination and sexual function. Various factors were suggested to contribute to hypospadias pathogen. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between perinatal factors and neonatal hypospadias based on a large sample of male newborns. METHODS: This retrospective case-control study was conducted at the International Peace Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine. Male infants with hypospadias (N = 97) and without any birth defects (N = 42,147) who were born in January 2015 to December 2019 were enrolled in this study. A statistical analysis of perinatal factors, such as maternal age, primiparity, multiple births, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), diabetes mellitus (DM), placenta previa, thyroid diseases, hepatitis B, obesity, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, gestational age, low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA) and in vitro fertilization (IVF) was used to assess the risk factors for hypospadias. RESULTS: The overall incidence of hypospadias in male infants was 0.23% (97/42,244). The univariate analysis of potential risk factors for hypospadias showed that HDP, primiparity, multiple births, hyperthyroidism, preterm delivery, LBW and SGA had a statistical association with hypospadias. After adjusting for potential confounders in a multivariate regression analysis, the odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for the following risk factors for hypospadias: HDP (OR: 3.965, 95% CI: 2.473-6.359, P <  0.01), multiple births (OR: 2.607, 95% CI: 1.505-4. 514, P <  0.01) and hyperthyroidism (OR:4.792, 95% CI: 1.700-13.506, P <  0.01), which suggested these factors were significant independent risk factors for hypospadias. CONCLUSIONS: Perinatal factors, such as HDP, multiple births and hyperthyroidism may be associated with hypospadias in male infants.
NAFLD in women: Unique pathways, biomarkers and therapeutic opportunities.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: In this review article we evaluate sex differences in the natural history of NAFLD and highlight distinct risk profiles of women with NAFLD, as well as unique treatment considerations and research gaps. SUMMARY OF FINDINGS: Reproductive factors, such as menopausal status should be considered when evaluating NAFLD risk in women, as well as additional reproductive risk factors such as age at menarche, presence of polycystic ovary syndrome, and gestational diabetes. Women do appear to have lower risk for hepatocellular carcinoma from NASH, as well as lower mortality from NASH cirrhosis than men, although among women, NASH is now the leading indication for liver transplant. Data on sex differences in biomarker development and clinical trials are lacking, and researchers should be encouraged to evaluate biomarker performance by sex, and specifically report clinical trial endpoints in women.
New Onset Diabetes Mellitus Complicated by Hypertriglyceridemia-Induced Pancreatitis.; There is an increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) among adolescents due to obesity. Diabetes can cause hypertriglyceridemia, defined as triglyceride (TG) levels above 150 mg/dl, leading to severe complications, including cardiovascular events, fatty liver disease, and acute pancreatitis. We present a case of acute pancreatitis manifested by both hypertriglyceridemia and new-onset DM. The risk of hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis (HTGP) significantly increases at triglyceride levels above 500 mg/dl. Both primary causes, including genetic disorders such as familial chylomicronemia, and secondary disorders of lipid metabolism, including diabetes, hypothyroidism, and pregnancy, could cause HTGP. The toxic levels of triglycerides that break into free fatty acids by pancreatic lipases are critical in pancreatitis pathogenesis. The lipotoxicity, in turn, causes systemic inflammation with further complications related to it. The clinical features of HTGP are similar to other pancreatitis causes, including abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. Usually, patients with HTGP tend to have worse outcomes compared to other causes. Due to too high levels of triglycerides, the serum becomes milky and causes an alteration in serum electrolytes levels, including pseudo-hyponatremia. The recommended treatment for HTGP is plasma apheresis as well as IV insulin infusion, and heparin, specifically for less worrisome patients. IV insulin potentially avoids the interventional complexities of apheresis. The usual treatment goal is to reduce the triglycerides to a safe level, and then further management is tailored to lifestyle modification and oral lipid reducing agents. Our case report explains how well insulin works in stable patients with severe pancreatitis and thus prevents associated morbidity and mortality.
Sex-dependent programming of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in mouse offspring by maternal protein restriction.; BACKGROUND: Nutritional conditions during fetal life influence the risk of the development of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases in adult life (metabolic programming). Impaired glucose tolerance and dysregulated fatty acid metabolism are hallmarks of metabolic syndrome. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to establish a mouse model of metabolic programming focusing on the sex-specific effects of a maternal low-protein diet during gestation on glucose and lipid metabolism in the adult offspring. METHODS: Pregnant C57BL/6 mice received a control or a low-protein diet (18% vs 9% casein) throughout gestation. Male and female offspring received a low-fat or a high-fat diet from 6 to 22 weeks of age. RESULTS: Maternal low-protein diet during gestation led to deteriorated insulin sensitivity on high-fat feeding in female offspring, as determined by biochemical and microarray analyses. Female offspring of control diet-fed dams were relatively resistant to high-fat diet-induced metabolic dysregulation. In contrast, maternal low-protein diet did not specifically affect the metabolic parameters addressed in male offspring. In males, the high-fat diet led to insulin insensitivity regardless of the diet of the dam. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that fetal malnutrition has a limited impact on male mouse offspring, yet it does influence the metabolic response to a high-fat diet in females. These findings may have implications for future early diagnostics in metabolic syndrome and for the development of sex-specific treatment regimens.
Effects of identical weight loss on body composition and features of insulin resistance in obese women with high and low liver fat content.; Our objective was to determine how 8% weight loss influences subcutaneous, intra-abdominal, and liver fat (LFAT), as well as features of insulin resistance, in obese women with high versus low LFAT. A total of 23 women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into groups of high (9.4 +/- 1.4%) and low (3.3 +/- 0.4%) LFAT based on their median LFAT (5%) measured with proton spectroscopy. Both groups were similar with respect to age, BMI, and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Before weight loss, women with high LFAT had higher fasting serum insulin and triglyceride concentrations than women with low LFAT. At baseline, LFAT correlated with the percent of fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and saturated fat (r = 0.45, P < 0.05) of total caloric intake but not intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat or fasting serum free fatty acids. Weight loss was similar between the groups (high LFAT -7.4 +/- 0.2 vs. low LFAT -7.7 +/- 0.3 kg). LFAT decreased from 9.4 +/- 1.4 to 4.8 +/- 0.7% (P < 0.001) in women with high LFAT and from 3.3 +/- 0.4 to 2.0 +/- 0.2% (P < 0.001) in women with low LFAT. The absolute decrease in LFAT was significantly higher in women with high than low LFAT (-4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. -1.3 +/- 0.3%, P < 0.005). The decrease in LFAT was closely correlated with baseline LFAT (r = -0.85, P < 0.001) but not with changes in the volumes of intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat depots, which decreased similarly in both groups. LFAT appears to be related to the amount of fat in the diet rather than the size of endogenous fat depots in obese women. Women with initially high LFAT lost more LFAT by similar weight loss than those with low LFAT, although both groups lost similar amounts of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat. These data suggest that LFAT is regulated by factors other than intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Therefore, LFAT does not appear to simply reflect the size of endogenous fat stores.
Maternal health and pregnancy outcomes among women of refugee background from African countries: a retrospective, observational study in Australia.; BACKGROUND: Women of refugee background from Africa are reported to have a greater risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes compared to women born in resettlement countries. However, there is currently little insight into whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are more common among migrant women of refugee background, compared to women who have migrated for non-humanitarian reasons. To inform whether women of refugee background require additional services in pregnancy compared to non-refugee migrant women from similar world regions we aimed to describe and compare maternal health, pregnancy care attendance and pregnancy outcomes among migrant women from Africa with or without a refugee background. METHODS: Retrospective, observational study of singleton births at a single, metropolitan, maternity service in Australia 2002-2011, to women born in humanitarian source countries (HSC) and non-HSC from North Africa (n = 1361), Middle and East Africa (n = 706) and West Africa (n = 106). RESULTS: Compared to non-HSC groups, age < 20 years (0-1.4% vs 2.3-13.3%), living in relatively socio-economically disadvantaged geographic areas (26.2-37.3% vs 52.9-77.8%) and interpreter need (0-23.9% vs 9.7-51.5%) were generally more common in the HSC groups. Compared to non-HSC groups, female genital mutilation (0.3-3.3% vs 5.1-13.8%), vitamin D insufficiency (8.7-21.5% vs 23.3-32.0%), syphilis (0-0.3% vs 1.2-7.5%) and hepatitis B (0-1.1% vs 1.2-18%) were also generally more common among the HSC groups. Unplanned birth before arrival at the hospital (3.6%) was particularly high in the North African HSC group. HSC-birth was associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio = 3.5, 95% confidence interval: 1.8-7.1) among women from Middle and East Africa, after adjusting for maternal age, parity, body mass index and relative socio-economic disadvantage of area of residence. The West African HSC group had the highest stillbirth incidence (4.4%). CONCLUSIONS: Migrant women of refugee background from different African regions appear to be at greater risk of specific adverse pregnancy outcomes compared to migrant women without a refugee background. Awareness of differing risks and health needs would assist provision of appropriate pregnancy care to improve the health of African women and their babies.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: an overview.; Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D.
Hepatitis B Virus Infection in Pregnancy: Immunological Response, Natural Course and Pregnancy Outcomes.; This review aimed to provide an update on the impact of pregnancy on the natural course of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and also on the impact of HBV infection on adverse pregnancy outcomes, including mother-to-child transmission (MTCT). For the literature review, original research articles, review articles, and guidelines were narratively reviewed and comprehensively validated. The databases of PubMed, EMBASE, and CINAHL were carefully searched for articles in English on topics related to HBV infection, pregnancy, and vertical transmission from 1960 to May 2021. Immunological changes during pregnancy such as suppression of Th1 response and induction of Th2 immunity lead to an impaired immune reaction to HBV and stimulate viral activity along with the reduction of CD8 T cells to escape immune detection. The impact of pregnancy on the natural course of chronic HBV infection seems to be minimal, while pregnancy can increase morbidity and mortality in the case of advanced HBV hepatitis or cirrhosis. Importantly, hepatitis flare or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) flare can occur during pregnancy and is more common during the postpartum period due to the interaction between HBV and the immune response. Interestingly, the impact of HBV infection on adverse pregnancy outcomes is more serious than ever thought. Updated evidence indicates that pregnancies with chronic HBV infection increase the risk of preterm birth and gestational diabetes, especially in cases of positive hepatitis e antigen (HBeAg).
Effect of gestational disorders on preterm birth, low birthweight, and NICU admission.; OBJECTIVE: Many modifiable maternal behaviors and experiences before and during pregnancy are associated with adverse health outcomes. The relationship between a number of maternal and gestational disorders and perinatal outcomes (preterm birth, low birth weight and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU)) admission in the Central New York population is determined using the Statewide Perinatal Data System, in a retrospective population-based cohort study. METHODS: Singleton births excluding newborns with congenital anomalies among 165,739 women between 2004 and 2012 are included in this study. Multivariable logistic regression analysis is used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) adjusted for maternal age, race, education, employment, parity, body mass index, smoking, drug use, depression, abortions, gender of child, prenatal care, and hospital level. RESULTS: Previous preterm birth and vaginal bleeding are independent high-risk factors for all three perinatal outcomes, pre-pregnancy diabetes (OR 4.95, 95% CI 4.34, 5.64) for preterm birth and (OR 7.45, 95% CI 6.58, 8.44) for NICU admission
Age-related changes in fatty acids in obese offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; OBJECTIVE: The long-term effects of fetal hyperinsulinemia, time course of changes in liver and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) lipid levels and fatty acid compositions were investigated in obese offspring of streptozotocin-induced mildly diabetic rats. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Mild hyperglycemia in pregnant rats was induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin on day 5 of gestation. Control pregnant rats were injected with citrate buffer. Liver and VLDL lipids and fatty acids were analyzed in offspring at different ages. RESULTS: At birth, obese pups had higher VLDL triglyceride levels, saturated fatty acids, and C20:4n-6. They also had lower C18:2n-6 proportions in VLDL triglycerides, phospholipids, and cholesteryl esters than controls pups. In 1-month-old male and female obese rats, VLDL and liver lipid amounts were similar to those in their respective controls
The adipokine FABP4 is a key regulator of neonatal glucose homeostasis.; During pregnancy, fetal glucose production is suppressed, with rapid activation immediately postpartum. Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) was recently demonstrated as a regulator of hepatic glucose production and systemic metabolism in animal models. Here, we studied the role of FABP4 in regulating neonatal glucose hemostasis. Serum samples were collected from pregnant women with normoglycemia or gestational diabetes at term, from the umbilical circulation, and from the newborns within 6 hours of life. The level of FABP4 was higher in the fetal versus maternal circulation, with a further rise in neonates after birth of approximately 3-fold. Neonatal FABP4 inversely correlated with blood glucose, with an approximately 10-fold increase of FABP4 in hypoglycemic neonates. When studied in mice, blood glucose of 12-hour-old WT, Fabp4-/+, and Fabp4-/- littermate mice was 59 ± 13 mg/dL, 50 ± 11 mg/dL, and 43 ± 11 mg/dL, respectively. Similar to our observations in humans, FABP4 levels in WT mouse neonates were approximately 8-fold higher compared with those in adult mice. RNA sequencing of the neonatal liver suggested altered expression of multiple glucagon-regulated pathways in Fabp4-/- mice. Indeed, Fabp4-/- liver glycogen was inappropriately intact, despite a marked hypoglycemia, with rapid restoration of normoglycemia upon injection of recombinant FABP4. Our data suggest an important biological role for the adipokine FABP4 in the orchestrated regulation of postnatal glucose metabolism.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Elevated Liver Enzymes in Japanese Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder among reproductive-aged women. While PCOS is associated with an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance, little is known regarding the prevalence of and risk factors for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among Japanese women with PCOS. We estimated the prevalence of and risk factors for elevated liver enzymes, as the index of NAFLD, in Japanese women with PCOS. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 102 reproductive-aged women who visited the Department of Gynecology, Kyoto Medical Center in Japan from January 2000 to September 2016. Inclusion criterion was confirmed diagnosis of PCOS using International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10) codes. Exclusion criteria were women with a history of liver diseases, missing body mass index (BMI) and serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) data, and pregnancy. Data regarding age
Relationships between metabolic profiles and gene expression in liver and leukocytes of dairy cows in early lactation.; Homeorhetic mechanisms assist dairy cows in the transition from pregnancy to lactation. Less successful cows develop severe negative energy balance (NEB), placing them at risk of metabolic and infectious diseases and reduced fertility. We have previously placed multiparous Holstein Friesian cows from 4 herds into metabolic clusters, using as biomarkers measurements of plasma nonesterified fatty acids, β-hydroxybutyrate, glucose and IGF-1 collected at 14 and 35 d in milk (DIM). This study characterized the global transcriptomic profiles of liver and circulating leukocytes from the same animals to determine underlying mechanisms associated with their metabolic and immune function. Liver biopsy and whole-blood samples were collected around 14 DIM for RNA sequencing. All cows with available RNA sequencing data were placed into balanced (BAL, n = 44), intermediate (n = 44), or imbalanced (IMBAL, n = 19) metabolic cluster groups. Differential gene expression was compared between the 3 groups using ANOVA, but only the comparison between BAL and IMBAL cows is reported. Pathway analysis was undertaken using DAVID Bioinformatic Resources (https://david.ncifcrf.gov/). Milk yields did not differ between BAL and IMBAL cows but dry matter intake was less in IMBAL cows and they were in greater energy deficit at 14 DIM (-4.48 v -11.70 MJ/d for BAL and IMBAL cows). Significantly differentially expressed pathways in hepatic tissue included AMPK signaling, glucagon signaling, adipocytokine signaling, and insulin resistance. Genes involved in lipid metabolism and cholesterol transport were more highly expressed in IMBAL cows but IGF1 and IGFALS were downregulated. Leukocytes from BAL cows had greater expression of histones and genes involved in nucleosomes and cell division. Leukocyte expression of heat shock proteins increased in IMBAL cows, suggesting an unfolded protein response, and several key genes involved in immune responses to pathogens were upregulated (e.g., DEFB13, HP, OAS1Z, PTX3, and TLR4). Differentially expressed genes upregulated in IMBAL cows in both tissues included CD36, CPT1, KFL11, and PDK4, all central regulators of energy metabolism. The IMBAL cows therefore had greater difficulty maintaining glucose homeostasis and had dysregulated hepatic lipid metabolism. Their energy deficit was associated with a reduced capacity for cell division and greater evidence of stress responses in the leukocyte population, likely contributing to an increased risk of infectious disease.
Time course of changes in serum glucose, insulin, lipids and tissue lipase activities in macrosomic offspring of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes.; The aim of this investigation was to determine the time course of changes in serum glucose, insulin and lipid levels, as well as lipid and protein content and lipolytic activities in insulin target organs (liver, adipose tissue and muscle), in macrosomic offspring of streptozotocin-induced mildly hyperglycaemic rats. Food intake and nutritional efficiency were also evaluated. Mild hyperglycaemia in pregnant rats was induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (40 mg/kg body weight) on day 5 of gestation. Control pregnant rats were injected with citrate buffer. At birth, macrosomic pups (birth weight >1.7 S.D. greater than the mean value for the control pups) had higher serum insulin, glucose and lipid levels than control pups. These macrosomic rats maintained accelerated postnatal growth combined with high adipose tissue weight up to 12 weeks of age. These rats were not hyperphagic
Accretion of visceral fat and hepatic insulin resistance in pregnant rats.; Insulin resistance (IR) is a hallmark of pregnancy. Because increased visceral fat (VF) is associated with IR in nonpregnant states, we reasoned that fat accretion might be important in the development of IR during pregnancy. To determine whether VF depots increase in pregnancy and whether VF contributes to IR, we studied three groups of 6-mo-old female Sprague-Dawley rats: 1) nonpregnant sham-operated rats (Nonpreg
Western diet-induced shifts in the maternal microbiome are associated with altered microRNA expression in baboon placenta and fetal liver.; Maternal consumption of a high-fat, Western-style diet (WD) disrupts the maternal/infant microbiome and contributes to developmental programming of the immune system and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring. Epigenetic changes, including non-coding miRNAs in the fetus and/or placenta may also underlie this risk. We previously showed that obese nonhuman primates fed a WD during pregnancy results in the loss of beneficial maternal gut microbes and dysregulation of cellular metabolism and mitochondrial dysfunction in the fetal liver, leading to a perturbed postnatal immune response with accelerated NAFLD in juvenile offspring. Here, we investigated associations between WD-induced maternal metabolic and microbiome changes, in the absence of obesity, and miRNA and gene expression changes in the placenta and fetal liver. After ~8-11 months of WD feeding, dams were similar in body weight but exhibited mild, systemic inflammation (elevated CRP and neutrophil count) and dyslipidemia (increased triglycerides and cholesterol) compared with dams fed a control diet. The maternal gut microbiome was mainly comprised of Lactobacillales and Clostridiales, with significantly decreased alpha diversity (P = 0.0163) in WD-fed dams but no community-wide differences (P = 0.26). At 0.9 gestation, mRNA expression of IL6 and TNF in maternal WD (mWD) exposed placentas trended higher, while increased triglycerides, expression of pro-inflammatory CCR2, and histological evidence for fibrosis were found in mWD-exposed fetal livers. In the mWD-exposed fetus, hepatic expression levels of miR-204-5p and miR-145-3p were significantly downregulated, whereas in mWD-exposed placentas, miR-182-5p and miR-183-5p were significantly decreased. Notably, miR-1285-3p expression in the liver and miR-183-5p in the placenta were significantly associated with inflammation and lipid synthesis pathway genes, respectively. Blautia and Ruminococcus were significantly associated with miR-122-5p in liver, while Coriobacteriaceae and Prevotellaceae were strongly associated with miR-1285-3p in the placenta
Maternal carbohydrate metabolism and its relationship to fetal growth and body composition.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to correlate maternal carbohydrate metabolism and parental morphometric measurements with neonatal birth weight, body composition, and placental weight. STUDY DESIGN: Sixteen singleton (six control and 10 abnormal glucose tolerance) infants had placental weight, birth weight, and estimates of body composition performed within 24 hours of birth. Independent variables considered were (1) maternal and paternal demographic and morphometric measures, (2) neonatal sex and gestational age, and (3) estimates of maternal carbohydrate metabolism, including basal hepatic glucose production, insulin response, and insulin sensitivity. All metabolic measurements were performed before conception and in early (12 to 14 weeks) and late (34 to 36 weeks) gestation. Best-fit stepwise regression analysis was used to relate the independent variables with placental weight, neonatal birth weight, fat-free mass, and fat mass. RESULTS: Insulin sensitivity in late gestation had the strongest correlation with placental weight (R2 = 0.28), neonatal birth weight (R2 = 0.28), and fat-free mass (R2 = 0.33). In contrast, insulin sensitivity before conception had the best correlation with neonatal fat mass (R2 = 0.15). Including all significant independent variables in the model improved the correlations for placental weight (R2 = 0.58), birth weight (R2 = 0.48), fat-free mass (R2 = 0.53), and fat mass (R2 = 0.46). CONCLUSION: Maternal insulin sensitivity had stronger correlations with fetoplacental growth in comparison with maternal demographic or morphometric factors.
Predictors of the Provision of Mother's Milk Feedings in Newborns Admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.; Background: Breast milk reduces morbidity and mortality in infants admitted to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Objectives: We determined predictors of procuring mother's own milk (MOM) among NICU-admitted newborn-mother dyads: (1) initiation of any milk expression
Influence of High Energy Diet and Polygenic Predisposition for Obesity on Postpartum Health in Rat Dams.; It is estimated that 30% of pregnant women worldwide are overweight or obese, leading to adverse health effects for both mother and child. Women with obesity during pregnancy are at higher risk for developing both metabolic and mental disorders, such as diabetes and depression. Numerous studies have used rodent models of maternal obesity to understand its consequences on the offspring, yet characterization of changes in the dams is rare, and most rodent models rely solely on a high fat diet to induce maternal obesity, without regarding genetic propensity for obesity. Here we present the influence of both peripartum high energy diet (HE) and obesity-proneness on maternal health using selectively bred diet-resistant (DR) and diet-induced obese (DIO) rat dams. Outbred Sprague-Dawley rats were challenged with HE diet prior to mating and bred according to their propensity to gain weight. The original outbred breeding dams (F0) were maintained on low-fat chow during pregnancy and lactation. By comparison, the F1 dams consuming HE diet during pregnancy and lactation displayed higher gestational body weight gain (P < 0.01), and HE diet caused increased meal size and reduced meal frequency (P < 0.001). Sensitivity to the hormone amylin was preserved during pregnancy, regardless of diet. After several rounds of selective breeding, DIO and DR dams from generation F3 were provided chow or HE during pregnancy and lactation and assessed for their postpartum physiology and behaviors. We observed strong diet and phenotype effects on gestational weight gain, with DIO-HE dams gaining 119% more weight than DR-chow (P < 0.001). A high-resolution analysis of maternal behaviors did not detect main effects of diet or phenotype, but a subset of DIO dams showed delayed nursing behavior (P < 0.05). In generation F6/F7 dams, effects on gestational weight gain persisted (P < 0.01), and we observed a main effect of phenotype during a sucrose preference test (P < 0.05), with DIO-chow dams showing lower sucrose preference than DR controls (P < 0.05). Both DIO and DR dams consuming HE diet had hepatic steatosis (P < 0.001) and exhibited reduced leptin sensitivity in the arcuate nucleus (P < 0.001). These data demonstrate that both diet and genetic obesity-proneness have consequences on maternal health.
Estimation of gestational age from study of amniotic fluid and clinical assessment.; Study of 108 samples of amniotic fluid obtained between 28 and 42 weeks' gestation from 101 patients revealed that in normal pregnancies the creatinine concentration, lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio and percentage of fat cells correlated better with the gestational age of the newborn--assessed by clinical criteria--than did the bilirubin and sodium concentrations. A creatinine concentration of 1.75 mg/dL or more, an L/S ratio of 4 or more and a fat cell percentage of 10 or more correlated significantly with a gestational age of 37 weeks or more. In abnormal pregnancies (those with obstetric or medical complications, or both) the mean creatinine concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly less than expected for gestational age in fetal dysmaturity and greater than expected when the mother had diabetes. The mean L/S ratio in the amniotic fluid was elevated when the mother had hypertension or smoked and in cases of fetal dysmaturity or long interval between rupture of the membranes and delivery, whereas it was significantly lower than normal when the mother had diabetes. The mean bilirubin concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly lower than normal when the mother had hypertension. When the mother had diabetes, maturity of the fetal lung, liver, skin and brain appeared to be delayed, according to the values for the amniotic fluid constituents.
Shared effects of genetic and intrauterine and perinatal environment on the development of metabolic syndrome.; Genetic and environmental factors, including the in utero environment, contribute to Metabolic Syndrome. Exposure to high fat diet exposure in utero and lactation increases incidence of Metabolic Syndrome in offspring. Using GLUT4 heterozygous (G4+/-) mice, genetically predisposed to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and wild-type littermates we demonstrate genotype specific differences to high fat in utero and lactation. High fat in utero and lactation increased adiposity and impaired insulin and glucose tolerance in both genotypes. High fat wild type offspring had increased serum glucose and PAI-1 levels and decreased adiponectin at 6 wks of age compared to control wild type. High fat G4+/- offspring had increased systolic blood pressure at 13 wks of age compared to all other groups. Potential fetal origins of adult Metabolic Syndrome were investigated. Regardless of genotype, high fat in utero decreased fetal weight and crown rump length at embryonic day 18.5 compared to control. Hepatic expression of genes involved in glycolysis, gluconeogenesis, oxidative stress and inflammation were increased with high fat in utero. Fetal serum glucose levels were decreased in high fat G4+/- compared to high fat wild type fetuses. High fat G4+/-, but not high fat wild type fetuses, had increased levels of serum cytokines (IFN-γ, MCP-1, RANTES and M-CSF) compared to control. This data demonstrates that high fat during pregnancy and lactation increases Metabolic Syndrome male offspring and that heterozygous deletion of GLUT4 augments susceptibility to increased systolic blood pressure. Fetal adaptations to high fat in utero that may predispose to Metabolic Syndrome in adulthood include changes in fetal hepatic gene expression and alterations in circulating cytokines. These results suggest that the interaction between in utero-perinatal environment and genotype plays a critical role in the developmental origin of health and disease.
Transgenic increase in N-3/n-6 Fatty Acid ratio reduces maternal obesity-associated inflammation and limits adverse developmental programming in mice.; Maternal and pediatric obesity has risen dramatically over recent years, and is a known predictor of adverse long-term metabolic outcomes in offspring. However, which particular aspects of obese pregnancy promote such outcomes is less clear. While maternal obesity increases both maternal and placental inflammation, it is still unknown whether this is a dominant mechanism in fetal metabolic programming. In this study, we utilized the Fat-1 transgenic mouse to test whether increasing the maternal n-3/n-6 tissue fatty acid ratio could reduce the consequences of maternal obesity-associated inflammation and thereby mitigate downstream developmental programming. Eight-week-old WT or hemizygous Fat-1 C57BL/6J female mice were placed on a high-fat diet (HFD) or control diet (CD) for 8 weeks prior to mating with WT chow-fed males. Only WT offspring from Fat-1 mothers were analyzed. WT-HFD mothers demonstrated increased markers of infiltrating adipose tissue macrophages (P<0.02), and a striking increase in 12 serum pro-inflammatory cytokines (P<0.05), while Fat1-HFD mothers remained similar to WT-CD mothers, despite equal weight gain. E18.5 Fetuses from WT-HFD mothers had larger placentas (P<0.02), as well as increased placenta and fetal liver TG deposition (P<0.01 and P<0.02, respectively) and increased placental LPL TG-hydrolase activity (P<0.02), which correlated with degree of maternal insulin resistance (r = 0.59, P<0.02). The placentas and fetal livers from Fat1-HFD mothers were protected from this excess placental growth and fetal-placental lipid deposition. Importantly, maternal protection from excess inflammation corresponded with improved metabolic outcomes in adult WT offspring. While the offspring from WT-HFD mothers weaned onto CD demonstrated increased weight gain (P<0.05), body and liver fat (P<0.05 and P<0.001, respectively), and whole body insulin resistance (P<0.05), these were prevented in WT offspring from Fat1-HFD mothers. Our results suggest that reducing excess maternal inflammation may be a promising target for preventing adverse fetal metabolic outcomes in pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity.
Metabolic studies in gestational diabetic women during contraceptive treatment: effects on glucose tolerance and fatty acid composition of serum lipids.; Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) with simultaneous assessment of plasma insulin and analyses of the fatty acid composition of serum lecithin and cholesterol esters were performed in 11 women with previous gestational diabetes before and repeatedly during 6 months' administration of a low-dose progesterone (lynestrenol = LYN). 8 of these women were also followed in an identical manner during 6 months of nonhormonal contraception (intrauterine device = IUD) and additionally 6 of these women were followed also during the use of a combined oral contraceptive (OC) (ethinyl estradiol + lynestrenol - EE + LYN). LYN did not alter the IVGTT or plasma insulin but decreased the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in serum lecithin (p less than 0.01) and cholesterol esters (p less than 0.01) where oleic acid was reciprocally increased (p less than 0.05). After 6 months' use of IUD, on the other hand, the k value of IVGTT increased by 45% (p less than 0.01) without significant changes in plasma insulin. In both lecithin and cholesterol ester PUFA increased (p less than 0.05) and cholesterol ester oleate decreased (p less than 0.01)
Complications of HIV disease and antiretroviral therapy. Highlights of the 11th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections, February 8-11, 2004, San Francisco, California, USA.; This year's conference provided newer insights on the complications of antiretroviral therapy, as well as into the complications that arise from HIV infection itself. Many presentations at the conference centered around metabolic complications of therapy, including lipid abnormalities, diabetes, body composition changes, bone disorders, and cardiovascular disease. New data on complications of HIV infection itself were presented, including those on coinfections with hepatitis B, C, and herpes simplex viruses, malaria, and tuberculosis, as well as complications that are important during pregnancy. This article summarizes these presentations.
Lipotoxicity and the role of maternal nutrition.; Intrauterine malnutrition predisposes the offspring towards the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis was introduced, meaning that subtle environmental changes during embryonic and foetal development can influence post-natal physiological functions. Different mechanisms, including epigenetics, are thought to be involved in this foetal programming, but the link between epigenetics and disease is missing. There is increasing evidence that ectopic lipid accumulation and/or lipotoxicity is induced by foetal programming. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the mechanisms underlying lipotoxicity through programming, which contributes to the increase in hepatic and cardiac metabolic risk.
A maternal diet of fatty fish reduces body fat of offspring compared with a maternal diet of beef and a post-weaning diet of fish improves insulin sensitivity and lipid profile in adult C57BL/6 male mice.; AIM: The maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation may affect the long-term health of the offspring. Our aim was to study how a fish or meat diet perinatal and after weaning affects body composition, insulin sensitivity and the profile of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in breast milk, fat depots, skeletal muscle and liver in male adult mice offspring. METHODS: During gestation and lactation, C57BL/6 dams were fed a herring- or beef-based diet. Half of the pups in each group changed diets after weaning. In offspring, body composition measured by DEXA, plasma lipid profile and insulin sensitivity measured by euglycemic clamp or QUICKI were monitored to adulthood. Analysis of total FAs by GC-MS were performed in the diet, breast milk and in different tissues. RESULTS: At 9 week of age, offspring of herring-fed dams had less body fat than offspring of beef-fed dams. Mice fed herring after weaning had increased insulin sensitivity at 15 week of age, reduced total plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and compared with beef-fed mice, larger interscapular brown adipose tissue depots. The FA composition of the maternal diet was mirrored in breast milk, and the herring diet significantly affected the FA profile of different tissues, leading to an increased content of n-3 PUFAs. CONCLUSION: A herring-based maternal diet reduces body fat in the offspring, but the insulin sensitivity, plasma lipids and amount of brown adipose tissue are affected by the offspring's own diet
Maternal obesity during gestation impairs fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial SIRT3 expression in rat offspring at weaning.; In utero exposure to maternal obesity increases the offspring's risk of obesity in later life. We have also previously reported that offspring of obese rat dams develop hepatic steatosis, mild hyperinsulinemia, and a lipogenic gene signature in the liver at postnatal day (PND)21. In the current study, we examined systemic and hepatic adaptations in male Sprague-Dawley offspring from lean and obese dams at PND21. Indirect calorimetry revealed decreases in energy expenditure (p<0.001) and increases in RER values (p<0.001), which were further exacerbated by high fat diet (45% kcals from fat) consumption indicating an impaired ability to utilize fatty acids in offspring of obese dams as analyzed by PRCF. Mitochondrial function is known to be associated with fatty acid oxidation (FAO) in the liver. Several markers of hepatic mitochondrial function were reduced in offspring of obese dams. These included SIRT3 mRNA (p = 0.012) and mitochondrial protein content (p = 0.002), electron transport chain complexes (II, III, and ATPase), and fasting PGC-1α mRNA expression (p<0.001). Moreover, hepatic LCAD, a SIRT3 target, was not only reduced 2-fold (p<0.001) but was also hyperacetylated in offspring of obese dams (p<0.005) suggesting decreased hepatic FAO. In conclusion, exposure to maternal obesity contributes to early perturbations in whole body and liver energy metabolism. Mitochondrial dysfunction may be an underlying event that reduces hepatic fatty acid oxidation and precedes the development of detrimental obesity associated co-morbidities such as insulin resistance and NAFLD.
Complete resolution of generalized lichen planus after treatment with thalidomide.; Thalidomide has gained an infamous history due to severe birth defects observed in patients who had taken the drug to control nausea during pregnancy. The medication was withdrawn from the market because of its teratogenicity, but was approved by the FDA in 1998 for the treatment of erythema nodosum leprosum. However, thalidomide has been employed with success by dermatologists for a host of off-label uses including the treatment of lichen planus. Currently, no clinical trials or studies exist to evaluate the efficacy of using thalidomide to treat lichen planus, but case reports have been published in the medical literature supporting its therapeutic benefits. TNF-alpha is among the many cytokines that have been implicated in the pathogenicity of lichen planus. It is thought that thalidomide acts.
Short term exendin-4 treatment reduces markers of metabolic disorders in female offspring of obese rat dams.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal obesity imposes significant health risks in the offspring including diabetes and dyslipidemia. We previously showed that the hypoglycaemic agent exendin-4 (Ex-4) administered from weaning can reverse the maternal impact of 'transmitted disorders' in such offspring. However daily injection for six-weeks was required and the beneficial effect may lapse upon drug withdrawal. This study aimed to investigate whether short term Ex-4 treatment during suckling period in a rodent model can reverse transmitted metabolic disorders due to maternal obesity. METHODS: Maternal obesity was induced in female Sprague Dawley rats by high-fat diet feeding for 6 weeks, throughout gestation and lactation. Female offspring were treated with Ex-4 (5μg/kg/day) between postnatal day (P) 4 and 14. Female offspring were harvested at weaning (P20). Lipid and glucose metabolic markers were measured in the liver and fat. Appetite regulators were measured in the plasma and hypothalamus. RESULTS: Maternal obesity significantly increased body weight, fat mass, and liver weight in the offspring. There was an associated inhibition of peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor gamma coactivator 1α (PGC1α), increased fatty acid synthase (FASN) expression in the liver, and reduced adipocyte triglyceride lipase (ATGL) expression. It also increased the plasma gut hormone ghrelin and reduced glucagon-like peptide-1. Ex-4 treatment partially reversed the maternal impact on adiposity and impaired lipid metabolism in the offspring, with increased liver PGC1α and inhibition of FASN mRNA expression. Ex-4 treatment also increased the expression of a novel fat depletion gene a2-zinc-glycoprotein 1 in the fat tissue. CONCLUSION: Short term Ex-4 treatment during the suckling period significantly improved the metabolic profile in the offspring from the obese mothers at weaning. Long-term studies are needed to follow such offspring to adulthood to examine the sustained effects of Ex-4 in preventing the development of metabolic disease.
Prenatal stress promotes insulin resistance without inflammation or obesity in C57BL/6J male mice.; During gestation, stress exposure increases the risk of developing cognitive and physiological alterations in either the long or short term. Among them, metabolic alterations have been described. Adipose tissue is responsible for the secretion of several factors involved in controlling body weight and energy expenditure, the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and the development of inflammation, among others. Moreover, the liver regulates glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism, playing an essential role in developing insulin resistance. In this work, we analyzed if prenatal stress leads to alterations in metabolism and the relationship between these alterations and gene expression in the adipose tissue and the liver. Prenatal stress-exposed animals developed disturbances in the glucose and insulin response curve, showing in both tests higher glycemia than the control group. However, they did not exhibit increased body weight. At the same time, in the adipose tissue, we observed an increase in mRNA expression of Leptin and Resistin and a decrease in Adiponectin. In the liver, we observed a lower mRNA expression of several genes involved in glucose metabolism and fatty acid oxidation, such as Sirt1, Pgc1α, Pparα, among others. In both tissues, we observed a lower expression of inflammatory genes. These results suggest that prenatal stress exposure produces insulin resistance at both physiological and molecular levels without pro-inflammatory signaling or obesity.
Risk factors in patients with hereditary gallstones in Chinese pedigrees.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to define the risk factors and to evaluate the impact of family background on the prevalence of gallstones in China. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-eight gallstone pedigrees were collected and a case-control study was conducted. This study consisted of 272 first-degree relatives and 201 non-first-degree relatives of index patients. The participants completed a questionnaire and underwent physical and ultrasonographic examinations. The risk factors examined included age, sex, body mass index (BMI), smoking status, alcohol consumption, pregnancy, fat content in dietary meat, history of gastrointestinal surgery, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, fatty liver, coronary heart disease and diabetes. RESULTS: The prevalence of gallstones in first-degree and non-first-degree relatives of index patients was 38.2 and 10.9%, respectively. Age, pregnancy and BMI significantly differed between cases and controls (p < 0.05). The relative risks were: consumption of meat with a high fat content 1.4 (95% CI 1.1-1.8)
High multivitamin intakes during pregnancy and postweaning obesogenic diets interact to affect the relationship between expression of PPAR genes and glucose regulation in the offspring.; High multivitamin intake (HV) during pregnancy increases body fat and weight and alters glucose and fatty acid metabolism in Wistar rat offspring. This study investigated the expression of peroxisome-proliferator activated receptors (PPARs) genes involved in regulation of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in their tissues. Dams received the AIN-93G diet with either the regular (RV) or 10-fold multivitamins (HV) during pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned to either the RV diet (RV-RV and HV-RV) or an obesogenic diet (RV-Ob and HV-Ob). Gene expression of PPARs in tissues was analyzed by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. Gestational diet (GD) did not affect PPARs gene expression in offspring at either birth or weaning. In liver, at 14 weeks postweaning, PPAR-γ was 30% lower in the HV-RV and 30% higher in HV-Ob than in the RV-RV group [GD P=.76, postweaning diet (PD) P=.19, interaction P=.02, by two-way analysis of variance]. In muscle, PPAR-α expression was affected by GD and PD (GD P=.05, PD P<.01, interaction P=.07). In adipose tissue, PPAR-α expression was higher in all groups compared to RV-RV (GD P=.25, PD P=.85, interaction P=.03). PPAR-γ mRNA levels correlated with abdominal fat (r=0.45, P<.05) and insulin resistance index (r=0.39, P<.05). In liver, PPAR-γ expression correlated with insulin resistance index in offspring from RV (r=-0.62, P<.05), but not in those from HV dams (r=0.13, P>.05). In conclusion, the HV diet during pregnancy interacts with postweaning diets in determining the expression of PPARs genes in a tissue- and age-dependent manner and uncouples the relationship between these genes and glucose regulation and fat mass in the rat offspring.
Rodent models in placental research. Implications for fetal origins of adult disease.; Rodent models in rats, mice, and guinea pigs have been extremely helpful to gain insight into pregnancy physiology and pathologies-related. Moreover, they have allowed understanding the mechanism that links an adverse intrauterine environment with the origin of adult disease. In this regard, the effects of diverse maternal conditions, such as undernutrition, obesity, hypoxia, and hyperandrogenism on placental function and its long-term consequences for the offspring, have been widely analyzed through rodents models involving dietary manipulations, modifications in environmental oxygen, surgical and pharmacological procedures that reduce uteroplacental blood flow and administrations of exogenous testosterone and dihydrotestosterone (DHT) mimicking maternal androgen excess. Both in human and in rodent models, these interventions induce modifications of placental morphology, transport of glucose, amino acid, and fatty acids, steroid synthesis, and signaling pathways control placental function. These changes are associated with the increase of pro-inflammatory and oxidative stress markers. For its part, offspring exhibit alterations in organs involved in metabolic control such as the hypothalamus, adipose tissue, liver, skeletal muscle, and pancreas altering the intake and preferences for certain foods, the metabolism of glucose and lipid, and hormonal function leading to fat accumulation, insulin resistance, fatty liver, dyslipidemia, and elevated glucose levels. Therefore, the present review discusses the evidence emerging from rodent models that relate maternal nutrition, hypoxia, and androgen exposure to the maternal mechanisms that lead to fetal programming and their metabolic consequences in postnatal life.
Long-term effects of maternal magnesium restriction on adiposity and insulin resistance in rat pups.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the long-term effects of maternal/postnatal magnesium (Mg) restriction on adiposity, glucose tolerance, and insulin secretion in the offspring and the probable biochemical mechanisms associated with them. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Female weanling Wistar/NIN (WNIN) rats received a control diet or 70% Mg-restricted (MgR) diet for 9 weeks and mated with control males. A third of the restricted dams were shifted to control diet from parturition. Half of the pups born to the remaining restricted dams were weaned on to control diet, while the other half continued on MgR diet. Various parameters were determined in the offspring at 18 months of age. RESULTS: The percentage of body fat increased, lean body mass (LBM) and fat free mass (FFM) decreased in restricted offspring and were irreversible by rehabilitation. While glucose tolerance and insulin resistance (IR) were comparable among groups, glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and basal glucose uptake by the diaphragm were significantly decreased in restricted offspring and not corrected by rehabilitation. Plasma leptin was lower, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) was higher in restricted offspring, whereas expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS) and fatty acyl transport protein 1 (FATP 1) was higher in liver and adipose tissue. While changes in FAS and FATP 1 were not correctible by rehabilitation, those in leptin and TNF-alpha were corrected by rehabilitation from parturition but not from weaning. Tissue oxidative stress and antioxidant status were comparable among groups. DISCUSSION: Results indicate that maternal and postnatal Mg status is important in the long-term programming of body adiposity and insulin secretion in rat offspring.
Increased susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of angiotensin type 1 receptor autoantibody-positive rats.; AIMS: Abnormal fetal and early postnatal growth is closely associated with adult-onset metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the underlying etiological factors remain complex. The presence of the autoantibody against the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1-Ab), a known risk factor for pre-eclampsia, may create a suboptimal intrauterine fetal environment. The current study investigated whether middle-aged offspring of AT1-Ab-positive mothers were prone to metabolic disorder development. RESULTS: The AT1-Abs was detected in placental trophoblastic cells, capillary endothelium, and milk of pregnant rats actively immunized with the second extracellular loop of the AT1 receptor. AT1-Abs in newborn rats induced vasoconstriction, increased intracellular-free Ca(2+) in vitro, and was undetectable 7 weeks later. Immunized group offspring exhibited increased weight variability and insulin resistance at 40 weeks of age under a normal diet, evidenced by elevated fasting serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment score compared with the vehicle control. To further observe metabolic alterations, the offspring were given a high-sugar diet (containing 20% sucrose) 40-48 weeks postnatally. The fasting plasma glucose in immunized group offspring was markedly increased. Concomitantly, these offspring manifested increased visceral adipose tissue, increased fatty liver, increased triglycerides, decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and decreased adiponectin levels, indicative of MetS. INNOVATION: AT1-Abs could be transferred from mother to offspring via the placenta and milk. Moreover, offspring of an AT1-Ab-positive mother were more vulnerable to MetS development in middle age. CONCLUSION: AT1-Ab-positivity of mothers during pregnancy is a previously unrecognized "silent" risk factor for MetS development in their offspring.
The effects of dietary fatty acids in the physiological outcomes of maternal high-fat diet on offspring energy homeostasis in mice.; The early-life origins of disease hypothesis has been applied to obesity research and modeled through overnutrition, usually with a high-fat diet (HFD). Since the obesity epidemic coincided with societal change in dietary fat consumption, rather than amount, manipulation of fatty acid (FA) profile is an under-investigated area of study. Additionally, the binding of FAs to nuclear receptors may have persistent intergenerational, extranutritive endocrinological effects that interact with the actions of reproductive steroids causing sex-dependent effects. To determine the role of FA type in the effects underlying maternal HFD, we fed wild-type C57BL6/J mating pairs, from preconception through lactation, a HFD with high saturated fat levels from coconut oil or high linoleic acid (LA) levels from vegetable oil. Male and female offspring body weight and food intake were measured weekly for 25 weeks. Assays for glucose metabolism, body composition, and calorimetry were performed at 25 weeks. Plasma metabolic peptides and liver mRNA were measured terminally. Obesity was primarily affected by adult rather than maternal diet in males, yet in females, maternal HFD potentiated the effects of adult HFD. Maternal HFD high in LA impaired glucose disposal in males weaned onto HFD and insulin sensitivity of females. Plasma leptin correlated with adiposity, but insulin and insulin receptor expression in the liver were altered by maternal LA in males. Our results suggest that maternal FA profile is most influential on offspring glucose metabolism and that adult diet is more important than maternal diet for obesity and other parameters of metabolic syndrome.
Progesterone increases hepatic lipid content and plasma lipid levels through PR- B-mediated lipogenesis.; Progesterone (P4) is a crucial reproductive hormone that acts as a precursor for all other endogenous steroids. P4 modulates transcriptional activity during reproduction by binding to progesterone receptors (PR). However, the physiological role of P4 in the liver is understudied. P4-mediated lipid metabolism in the liver was investigated in this study, as P4 facilitates insulin resistance and influences energy metabolism. While exogenous lipids are mainly obtained from food, the liver synthesizes endogenous triglycerides and cholesterol from a carbohydrate diet. Hepatic de novo lipogenesis (DNL) is primarily determined by acetyl-CoA and its biosynthetic pathways, which involve fatty acid and cholesterol synthesis. While P4 increased the hepatic levels of sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 C (SREBP-1 C), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ), acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), and CD36, co-treatment with the P4 receptor antagonist RU486 blocked these proteins and P4-mediated lipogenesis. RNA sequencing was used to assess the role of P4 in lipogenic events, such as fatty liver and fatty acid metabolism, lipoprotein signaling, and cholesterol metabolism. P4 induced hepatic DNL and lipid anabolism were confirmed in the liver of ovarian resection mice fed a high-fat diet or in pregnant mice. P4 increased lipogenesis directly in mice exposed to P4 and indirectly in fetuses exposed to maternal P4. The lipid balance between lipogenesis and lipolysis determines fat build-up and is linked to lipid metabolism dysfunction, which involves the breakdown and storage of fats for energy and the synthesis of structural and functional lipids. Therefore, P4 may impact the lipid metabolism and reproductive development during gestation.
Chemerin concentrations in maternal and fetal compartments: implications for metabolic adaptations to normal human pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Chemerin, a novel adipocytokine, has been implicated in major metabolic and inflammatory processes. Study aims were to determine whether circulating maternal chemerin concentration (1) differs between pregnant and non-pregnant women, (2) changes as a function of gestational age, and (3) correlates with maternal insulin resistance. In addition, we investigated which compartment, maternal, fetal or placental, is the source of chemerin in maternal circulation. METHODS: The study included three groups: Non-pregnant (n=18), pregnant women in the first trimester (n=19) and pregnant women in the third trimester (n=33). Chemerin was measured in cord blood and in maternal serum samples taken before and after delivery. Chemerin mRNA expression was evaluated in fetal and human adult tissues. RESULTS: Chemerin serum concentration was significantly higher in pregnant women in the third trimester than in non-pregnant and pregnant women in the first trimester. Chemerin concentration positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. Antenatal chemerin concentration was significantly lower than that during the postpartum period. Neonatal chemerin did not correlate with maternal one. Chemerin mRNA expression was abundant in fetal and adult liver and omental fat, but relatively low in placenta. CONCLUSIONS: Chemerin is increased during normal gestation and is associated with maternal BMI and insulin resistance. Maternal tissues, possibly liver and adipose tissue, contribute to the increased maternal chemerin concentration.
In utero exposures to perfluoroalkyl substances and the human fetal liver metabolome in Scotland: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances are classed as endocrine disrupting compounds but continue to be used in many products such as firefighting foams, flame retardants, utensil coatings, and waterproofing of food packaging. Perfluoroalkyl exposure aberrantly modulates lipid, metabolite, and bile acid levels, increasing susceptibility to onset and severity of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease. To date, most studies in humans have focused on perfluoroalkyl-exposure effects in adults. In this study we aimed to show if perfluoroalkyls are present in the human fetal liver and if they have metabolic consequences for the human fetus. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, human fetal livers from elective termination of pregnancies at the Aberdeen Pregnancy Counselling Service, Aberdeen, UK, were analysed by both targeted (bile acids and perfluoroalkyl substances) and combined targeted and untargeted (lipids and polar metabolites) mass spectrometry based metabolomic analyses, as well as with RNA-Seq. Only fetuses from normally progressing pregnancies (determined at ultrasound scan before termination), terminated for non-medical reasons, from women older than 16 years, fluent in English, and between 11 and 21 weeks of gestation were collected. Women exhibiting considerable emotional distress or whose fetuses had anomalies identified at ultrasound scan were excluded. Stringent bioinformatic and statistical methods such as partial correlation network analysis, linear regression, and pathway analysis were applied to this data to investigate the association of perfluoroalkyl exposure with hepatic metabolic pathways. FINDINGS: Fetuses included in this study were collected between Dec 2, 2004, and Oct 27, 2014. 78 fetuses were included in the study: all 78 fetuses were included in the metabolomics analysis (40 female and 38 male) and 57 fetuses were included in the RNA-Seq analysis (28 female and 29 male). Metabolites associated with perfluoroalkyl were identified in the fetal liver and these varied with gestational age. Conjugated bile acids were markedly positively associated with fetal age. 23 amino acids, fatty acids, and sugar derivatives in fetal livers were inversely associated with perfluoroalkyl exposure, and the bile acid glycolithocholic acid was markedly positively associated with all quantified perfluoroalkyl. Furthermore, 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one, a marker of bile acid synthesis rate, was strongly positively associated with perfluoroalkyl levels and was detectable as early as gestational week 12. INTERPRETATION: Our study shows direct evidence for the in utero effects of perfluoroalkyl exposure on specific key hepatic products. Our results provide evidence that perfluoroalkyl exposure, with potential future consequences, manifests in the human fetus as early as the first trimester of gestation. Furthermore, the profiles of metabolic changes resemble those observed in perinatal perfluoroalkyl exposures. Such exposures are already linked with susceptibility, initiation, progression, and exacerbation of a wide range of metabolic diseases. FUNDING: UK Medical Research Council, Horizon Europe Program of the European Union, Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union, NHS Grampian Endowments grants, European Partnership for the Assessment of Risks from Chemicals, Swedish Research Council, Formas, Novo Nordisk Foundation, and the Academy of Finland.
Multi‑transgenic minipig models exhibiting potential for hepatic insulin resistance and pancreatic apoptosis.; There are currently no multi‑transgenic minipig models of diabetes for the regulation of multiple genes involved in its pathogenesis. The foot and mouth disease virus 2A (F2A)‑mediated polycistronic system possesses several advantages, and the present study developed a novel multi‑transgenic minipig model associated with diabetes using this system. The tissue‑specific polycistronic system used in the present study consisted of two expression cassettes, separated by an insulator: (i) 11‑β‑hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 (11β‑HSD1), driven by the porcine liver‑specific apolipoprotein E promoter
Effect of prepartal ad libitum feeding of grass silage on transcriptional adaptations of the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue in dairy cows during the periparturient period.; Prepartal energy overfeeding may predispose cows to a state of increased insulin resistance with greater lipolysis after parturition. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effects of prepartal overfeeding in terms of abundant grass silage ration on the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) gene expression around parturition. Sixteen multiparous Finnish Ayrshire dairy cows were fed ad libitum either grass silage [high energy, HE
Adipocyte dysfunction in a mouse model of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS): evidence of adipocyte hypertrophy and tissue-specific inflammation.; Clinical research shows an association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and chronic inflammation, a pathological state thought to contribute to insulin resistance. The underlying pathways, however, have not been defined. The purpose of this study was to characterize the inflammatory state of a novel mouse model of PCOS. Female mice lacking leptin and insulin receptors in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons (IR/LepR(POMC) mice) and littermate controls were evaluated for estrous cyclicity, ovarian and adipose tissue morphology, and body composition by QMR and CT scan. Tissue-specific macrophage infiltration and cytokine mRNA expression were measured, as well as circulating cytokine levels. Finally, glucose regulation during pregnancy was evaluated as a measure of risk for diabetes development. Forty-five percent of IR/LepR(POMC) mice showed reduced or absent ovulation. IR/LepR(POMC) mice also had increased fat mass and adipocyte hypertrophy. These traits accompanied elevations in macrophage accumulation and inflammatory cytokine production in perigonadal adipose tissue, liver, and ovary. These mice also exhibited gestational hyperglycemia as predicted. This report is the first to show the presence of inflammation in IR/LepR(POMC) mice, which develop a PCOS-like phenotype. Thus, IR/LepR(POMC) mice may serve as a new mouse model to clarify the involvement of adipose and liver tissue in the pathogenesis and etiology of PCOS, allowing more targeted research on the development of PCOS and potential therapeutic interventions.
Comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis on physical health conditions in lesbian- and bisexual-identified women compared with heterosexual-identified women.; BACKGROUND: Sexual minority individuals experience discrimination, leading to mental health disparities. Physical health disparities have not been examined to the same extent in systematic reviews so far. OBJECTIVES: To provide a systematic review and, where possible, meta-analyses on the prevalence of physical health conditions in sexual minority women (i.e. lesbian- and bisexual-identified women) compared to heterosexual-identified women. DESIGN: The study design is a systematic review with meta-analyses. DATA SOURCES AND METHODS: A systematic literature search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, CINAHL, and Web of Science databases was conducted on epidemiologic studies on physical health conditions, classified in the Global Burden of Disease project, published between 2000 and 2021. Meta-analyses pooling odds ratios were calculated. RESULTS: In total, 23,649 abstracts were screened and 44 studies were included in the systematic review. Meta-analyses were run for arthritis, asthma, back pain, cancer, chronic kidney diseases, diabetes, headache disorders, heart attacks, hepatitis, hypertension, and stroke. Most significant differences in prevalence by sexual identity were found for chronic respiratory conditions, especially asthma. Overall, sexual minority women were significantly 1.5-2 times more likely to have asthma than heterosexual women. Furthermore, evidence of higher prevalence in sexual minority compared to heterosexual women was found for back pain, headaches/migraines, hepatitis B/C, periodontitis, urinary tract infections, and acne. In contrast, bisexual women had lower cancer rates. Overall, sexual minority women had lower odds of heart attacks, diabetes, and hypertension than heterosexual women (in terms of diabetes and hypertension possibly due to non-consideration of pregnancy-related conditions). CONCLUSION: We found evidence for physical health disparities by sexual identity. Since some of these findings rely on few comparisons only, this review emphasizes the need for routinely including sexual identity assessment in health research and clinical practice. Providing a more detailed picture of the prevalence of physical health conditions in sexual minority women may ultimately contribute to reducing health disparities.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Impairs Placental Fatty Acid β-Oxidation and Metabolic Homeostasis in the Offspring.; Maternal overnutrition can affect fetal growth and development, thus increasing susceptibility to obesity and diabetes in later life of the offspring. Placenta is the central organ connecting the developing fetus with the maternal environment. It is indicated placental fatty acid metabolism plays an essential role in affecting the outcome of the pregnancy and fetus. However, the role of placental fatty acid β-oxidation (FAO) in maternal overnutrition affecting glucose metabolism in the offspring remains unclear. In this study, C57BL/6J female mice were fed with normal chow or high-fat diet before and during pregnancy and lactation. The placenta and fetal liver were collected at gestation day 18.5, and the offspring's liver was collected at weaning. FAO-related genes and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling pathway were examined both in the placenta and in the human JEG-3 trophoblast cells. FAO-related genes were further examined in the liver of the fetuses and in the offspring at weaning. We found that dams fed with high-fat diet showed higher fasting blood glucose, impaired glucose tolerance at gestation day 14.5 and higher serum total cholesterol (T-CHO) at gestation day 18.5. The placental weight and lipid deposition were significantly increased in maternal high-fat diet group. At weaning, the offspring mice of high-fat diet group exhibited higher body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and increased serum T-CHO, compared with control group. We further found that maternal high-fat diet downregulated mRNA and protein expressions of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 (CPT2), a key enzyme in FAO, by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1α signaling pathway in the placenta. In JEG-3 cells, protein expressions of CPT2 and CPT1b were both downregulated by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1α signaling pathway under glucolipotoxic condition, but were later restored by the AMPK agonist 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxyamide ribonucleoside (AICAR). However, there was no difference in CPT2 and CPT1 gene expression in the liver of fetuses and offspring at weaning age. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet can impair gene expression involved in FAO in the placenta by downregulating the AMPK signaling pathway, and can cause glucose and lipid dysfunction of offspring at weaning, indicating that placental FAO may play a crucial role in regulating maternal overnutrition and metabolic health in the offspring.
Effects on metabolic parameters in young rats born with low birth weight after exposure to a mixture of pesticides.; Pesticide exposure during fetal life can lead to low birth weight and is commonly observed in reproductive toxicology studies. Associations have also been found in low birth weight babies born from pesticide-exposed gardeners. Since low birth weight is also linked to metabolic disorders, it can be speculated that early life exposure to pesticides could increase the risk of becoming obese or developing diabetes later in life. We have analyzed potential long-term effects of gestational and lactational exposure to a low dose mixture of six pesticides that individually can cause low birth weight: Cyromazine, MCPB, Pirimicarb, Quinoclamine, Thiram, and Ziram. Exposed male offspring, who were smaller than controls, displayed some degree of catch-up growth. Insulin and glucagon regulation was not significantly affected, and analyses of liver and pancreas did not reveal obvious histopathological effects. Efforts towards identifying potential biomarkers of metabolic disease-risk did not result in any strong candidates, albeit leptin levels were altered in exposed animals. In fat tissues, the key genes Lep, Nmb and Nmbr were altered in high dosed offspring, and were differentially expressed between sexes. Our results suggest that early-life exposure to pesticides may contribute to the development of metabolic disorders later in life.
GCN2 in the brain programs PPARγ2 and triglyceride storage in the liver during perinatal development in response to maternal dietary fat.; The liver plays a central role in regulating lipid metabolism and facilitates efficient lipid utilization and storage. We discovered that a modest increase in maternal dietary fat in mice programs triglyceride storage in the liver of their developing offspring. The activation of this programming is not apparent, however, until several months later at the adult stage. We found that the perinatal programming of adult hepatic triglyceride storage was controlled by the eIF2α kinase GCN2 (EIF2AK4) in the brain of the offspring, which stimulates epigenetic modification of the Pparγ2 gene in the neonatal liver. Genetic ablation of Gcn2 in the offspring exhibited reduced hepatic triglyceride storage and repressed expression of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2 (Pparγ2) and two lipid droplet protein genes, Fsp27 and Cidea. Brain-specific, but not liver-specific, Gcn2 KO mice exhibit these same defects demonstrating that GCN2 in the developing brain programs hepatic triglyceride storage. GCN2 and nutrition-dependent programming of Pparγ2 is correlated with trimethylation of lysine 4 of histone 3 (H3K4me3) in the Pparγ2 promoter region during neonatal development. In addition to regulating hepatic triglyceride in response to modest changes in dietary fat, Gcn2 deficiency profoundly impacts the severity of the obese-diabetic phenotype of the leptin receptor mutant (db/db) mouse, by reducing hepatic steatosis and obesity but exacerbating the diabetic phenotype. We suggest that GCN2-dependent perinatal programming of hepatic triglyceride storage is an adaptation to couple early nutrition to anticipated needs for hepatic triglyceride storage in adults. However, increasing the hepatic triglyceride set point during perinatal development may predispose individuals to hepatosteatosis, while reducing circulating fatty acid levels that promote insulin resistance.
Insulin resistance syndrome in children.; The insulin resistance syndrome (syndrome X, metabolic syndrome) has become the major health problem of our times. Associated obesity, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes conspire to shorten life spans, while hyperandrogenism with polycystic ovarian syndrome affect the quality of life and fertility of increasing numbers of women. Whereas a growing number of single genetic diseases affecting satiety or energy metabolism have been found to produce the clinical phenotype, strong familial occurrences, especially in racially prone groups such as those from the Indian subcontinent, or individuals of African, Hispanic, and American Indian descents, together with emerging genetic findings, are revealing the polygenetic nature of the syndrome. However, the strong lifestyle factors of excessive carbohydrate and fat consumption and lack of exercise are important keys to the phenotypic expression of the syndrome. The natural history includes small for gestational age birth weight, excessive weight gains during childhood, premature pubarche, an allergic diathesis, acanthosis nigricans, striae compounded by gynecomastia, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatic steatosis, premature atherosclerosis, hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and focal glomerulonephritis appearing increasingly through adolescence into adulthood. Type 2 diabetes, which develops because of an inherent and/or an acquired failure of an insulin compensatory response, is increasingly seen from early puberty onward, as is atheromatous disease leading to coronary heart disease and stroke. A predisposition to certain cancers and Alzheimer's disease is also now recognized. The looming tragedy from growing numbers of individuals affected by obesity/insulin resistance syndrome requires urgent public health approaches directed at their early identification and intervention during childhood. Such measures include educating the public on the topic, limiting the consumption of sucrose-containing drinks and foods with high carbohydrate and fat contents, and promoting exercise programs in our nation's homes and schools.
Effect of high-fat diet for rats at different stages on glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring and related mechanisms.; OBJECTIVES: To study the effect of high-fat diet for maternal Sprague-Dawley rats at different stages on glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring and related mechanisms. METHODS: According to the diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation, maternal rats were randomly divided into four groups (n=9 each): CC (control diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation), HC (high-fat diet before pregnancy and control diet during pregnancy and lactation), CH (control diet before pregnancy and high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation), and HH (high-fat diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation), and all offspring rats were given control diet after weaning. The body weight of maternal rats was recorded before and during pregnancy. Male offspring rats were selected from each group at the juvenile stage (3-week old) and the adult stage (12-week old) to measure the levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and fasting insulin (FINS) and the levels of triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) in the liver. Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) index was calculated, and the area under the curve (AUC) was calculated for glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT). Lipid deposition in the liver was observed, and the mRNA and protein expression levels of the key genes in glucose and lipid metabolism (IR, IRS, and AKT), FASN, SREBP1c, and PPARα in the liver were also measured. RESULTS: Compared with the control diet groups (CC and CH groups), the groups with high-fat diet before pregnancy (HC and HH groups) had a significant increase in body weight (P<0.001). Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had a significantly greater increase in body weight (P<0.001). Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had significant increases in body weight, the levels of TG and TC in the liver, and the mRNA and protein expression levels of FASN, SREBP1c, and PPARα in the offspring rats at week 3 after birth (P<0.05), as well as a significant increase in lipid deposition in the liver, with the most significant increase of the parameters in the HH group. Compared with the CC group, the HH group had significant increases in the levels of FBG and FINS, HOMA-IR index, GTT-AUC, ITT-AUC, and the protein expression level of p-IRS in the liver and significant reductions in the mRNA and protein expression levels of IR and IRS in the liver in the offspring rats at week 3 after birth (P<0.05). Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had significant increases in body weight, the levels of FBG and FINS, HOMA-IR index, GTT-AUC, ITT-AUC, the levels of TG and TC in the liver, protein expression level of p-IRS in the liver, and the mRNA and protein expression levels of FASN, SREBP1c, and PPARα in the offspring rats at week 12 after birth (P<0.05), as well as a significant increase in lipid deposition in the liver, with the most increase of the parameters in the HH group. Compared with the CC group, the HC, CH, and HH groups had significant reductions in the mRNA expression levels of IR, IRS, and AKT and the protein expression levels of IR, IRS, and p-AKT in the offspring rats at week 12 after birth (P<0.05). There were no significant differences in the levels of glucose and lipid metabolism between the HC and CH groups at various stages (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: High-fat diet for rats at different stages before and after pregnancy has different effects on glucose and lipid metabolism of offspring rats, and high-fat diet before pregnancy and during pregnancy and lactation has the greatest effect. The effect of high-fat diet on glucose and lipid metabolism of offspring rats is considered associated with the changes in the expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism.
Sucrose feeding during pregnancy and lactation elicits distinct metabolic response in offspring of an inbred genetic model of metabolic syndrome.; The importance of early environment, including maternal diet during pregnancy, is suspected to play a major role in pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome and related conditions. One of the proposed mechanisms is a mismatch between the prenatal and postnatal environments, leading to misprogramming of the metabolic and signaling pathways of the developing fetus. We assessed whether the exposure to high-sucrose diet (HSD) alleviates the detrimental effects of sucrose feeding in later life (predictive adaptive hypothesis) in a highly inbred model of metabolic syndrome, the PD/Cub rat. Rat dams were continuously fed either standard or HSD (70% calories as sucrose) starting 1 wk before breeding, throughout pregnancy, at birth, and until weaning of the offspring. After weaning, all male offspring were fed HSD until the age of 20 wk, when detailed metabolic and morphometric profiles were ascertained. The early life exposure to a sucrose-rich diet resulted in distinct responses to longtime postnatal HSD feeding. Offspring of the sucrose-fed mothers displayed higher adiposity and substantial increases in triglyceride liver content together with unfavorable distribution of cholesterol into lipoprotein subfractions. On the other hand, their adiponectin concentrations were significantly higher, and insulin sensitivity of skeletal muscle was enhanced compared with the offspring of standard diet-fed mothers. Triglycerides, free fatty acids, overall glucose tolerance, and the insulin sensitivity of adipose tissue were comparable in both groups. In the genetically identical animals, maternal HSD feeding elicited a variety of subtle effects but did not lead to predictive adaptive protection from most HSD-induced metabolic derangements.
Developmental exposure to indoor flame retardants and hypothalamic molecular signatures: Sex-dependent reprogramming of lipid homeostasis.; Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are a class of flame-retardant organohalogen pollutants that act as endocrine/neuroendocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs). In humans, exposure to brominated flame retardants (BFR) or other environmentally persistent organic pollutants (POPs) such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and novel organophosphate flame retardants has been associated with increasing trends of diabetes and metabolic disease. However, the effects of PBDEs on metabolic processes and their associated sex-dependent features are poorly understood. The metabolic-disrupting effects of perinatal exposure to industrial penta-PBDE mixture, DE-71, on male and female progeny of C57BL/6N mouse dams were examined in adulthood. Dams were exposed to environmentally relevant doses of PBDEs daily for 10 weeks (p.o.): 0.1 (L-DE-71) and 0.4 mg/kg/d (H-DE-71) and offspring parameters were compared to corn oil vehicle controls (VEH/CON). The following lipid metabolism indices were measured: plasma cholesterol, triglycerides, adiponectin, leptin, and liver lipids. L-DE-71 female offspring were particularly affected, showing hypercholesterolemia, elevated liver lipids and fasting plasma leptin as compared to same-sex VEH/CON, while L- and H-DE-71 male F1 only showed reduced plasma adiponectin. Using the quantitative Folch method, we found that mean liver lipid content was significantly elevated in L-DE-71 female offspring compared to controls. Oil Red O staining revealed fatty liver in female offspring and dams. General measures of adiposity, body weight, white and brown adipose tissue (BAT), and lean and fat mass were weighed or measured using EchoMRI. DE-71 did not produce abnormal adiposity, but decreased BAT depots in L-DE-71 females and males relative to same-sex VEH/CON. To begin to address potential central mechanisms of deregulated lipid metabolism, we used RT-qPCR to quantitate expression of hypothalamic genes in energy-regulating circuits that control lipid homeostasis. Both doses of DE-71 sex-dependently downregulated hypothalamic expression of Lepr, Stat3, Mc4r, Agrp, Gshr in female offspring while H-DE-71 downregulated Npy in exposed females relative to VEH/CON. In contrast, exposed male offspring displayed upregulated Stat3 and Mc4r. Intestinal barrier integrity was measured using FITC-dextran since it can lead to systemic inflammation that leads to liver damage and metabolic disease, but was not affected by DE-71 exposure. These findings indicate that maternal transfer of PBDEs disproportionately endangers female offspring to lipid metabolic reprogramming that may exaggerate risk for adult metabolic disease.
Temporal changes in sphingolipids and systemic insulin sensitivity during the transition from gestation to lactation.; Reduced insulin action develops naturally during the peripartum to ensure maternal nutrient delivery to the fetus and neonate. However, increased insulin resistance can facilitate excessive lipolysis which in turn promotes metabolic disease in overweight dairy cattle. Increased fatty acid availability favors the accumulation of the sphingolipid ceramide and is implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, however, the relationship between sphingolipid metabolism and insulin resistance during the peripartum remains largely unknown. Our objectives were to characterize temporal responses in plasma and tissue sphingolipids in lean and overweight peripartal cows and to establish the relationships between sphingolipid supply and lipolysis, hepatic lipid deposition, and systemic insulin action. Twenty-one multiparous lean and overweight Holstein cows were enrolled in a longitudinal study spanning the transition from gestation to lactation (d -21 to 21, relative to parturition). Plasma, liver, and skeletal muscle samples were obtained, and sphingolipids were profiled using LC/MS/MS. Insulin sensitivity was assessed utilizing intravenous insulin and glucose challenges. Our results demonstrated the following: first, insulin resistance develops postpartum concurrently with increased lipolysis and hepatic lipid accumulation
Adverse organogenesis and predisposed long-term metabolic syndrome from prenatal exposure to fine particulate matter.; Exposure to fine particulate matter (PM) during pregnancy is associated with high risks of birth defects/fatality and adverse long-term postnatal health. However, limited mechanistic data are available to assess the detailed impacts of prenatal PM exposure. Here we evaluate fine PM exposure during pregnancy on prenatal/postnatal organogenesis in offspring and in predisposing metabolic syndrome for adult life. Between days 0 and 18 of gestation, two groups of adult female rats (n = 10 for each) were placed in a dual-exposure chamber device, one with clean ambient air (∼3 µg·m(-3)) and the other with ambient air in the presence of 100 to 200 µg·m(-3) of ultrafine aerosols of ammonium sulfate. At birth (postnatal day 0, PND0), four males and four females were selected randomly from each litter to be nursed by dams, whereas tissues were collected from the remaining pups. At PND21, tissues were collected from two males and two females, whereas the remaining pups were fed either a high- or low-fat diet until PND105, when tissues were obtained for biochemical and physiological analyses. Maternal exposure to fine PM increased stillbirths
Impact of maternal fructose intake on liver stem/progenitor cells in offspring: Insights into developmental origins of health and disease.; AIMS: The developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD) theory postulates that poor nutrition during fetal life increases the risk of disease later in life. Excessive fructose intake has been associated with obesity, diabetes, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and maternal fructose intake during pregnancy has been shown to affect offspring health. In this study, we investigated the effects of high maternal fructose intake on the liver stem/progenitor cells of offspring. MAIN METHOD: A fructose-based DOHaD model was established using Sprague-Dawley rats. Small hepatocytes (SHs), which play an important role in liver development and regeneration, were isolated from the offspring of dams that were fed a high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) diet. The gene expression and DNA methylation patterns were analyzed on postnatal day (PD) 21 and 60. KEY FINDINGS: Maternal HFCS intake did not affect body weight or caloric intake, but differences in gene expression and DNA methylation patterns were observed in the SHs of offspring. Functional analysis revealed an association between metabolic processes and ion transport. SIGNIFICANCE: These results suggest that maternal fructose intake affects DNA methylation and gene expression in the liver stem/progenitor cells of offspring. Furthermore, the prolonged retention of these changes in gene expression and DNA methylation in adulthood (PD 60) suggests that maternal fructose intake may exert lifelong effects. These findings provide insights into the DOHaD for liver-related disorders and highlight the importance of maternal nutrition for the health of the next generation.
Effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female offspring.; It is increasingly recognized that intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased risk of metabolic disorders in late life. Previous studies showed that mice exposed to LPS in late gestation induced fetal IUGR. The present study investigated the effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female adult offspring. Pregnant mice were intraperitoneally injected with LPS (50 µg/kg) daily from gestational day (GD)15 to GD17. After lactation, female pups were fed with standard-chow diets (SD) or high-fat diets (HFD). Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were assessed 8 and 12 weeks after diet intervention. Hepatic triglyceride content was examined 12 weeks after diet intervention. As expected, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy resulted in fetal IUGR. Although there was an increasing trend on fat mass in female offspring whose dams were exposed to LPS during pregnancy, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not elevate the levels of fasting blood glucose and serum insulin and hepatic triglyceride content in female adult offspring. Moreover, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not alter insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue and liver in female adult offspring. Further analysis showed that maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not exacerbate HFD-induced glucose tolerance and insulin resistance in female adult offspring. In addition, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not aggravate HFD-induced elevation of hepatic triglyceride content in female adult offspring. In conclusion, LPS-induced IUGR does not alter metabolic phenotypes in adulthood.
Pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome X and its links to the perinatal period.; It is proposed that metabolic syndrome X is initiated in the perinatal period as a low-grade systemic inflammatory condition. Increased consumption of energy-dense diets by pregnant women and lactating mothers suppresses the activities of Delta-6 and Delta-5 desaturases not only in maternal tissues but also in fetal liver and the placenta, resulting in decreased plasma and tissue concentrations of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-6 arachidonic acid (AA), omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). EPA, DHA, and AA have negative feedback control on tumor necrosis factor-alpha and IL-6 synthesis. Hence, EPA, DHA, and AA deficiencies induced by an energy-dense diet increase generation of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6, markers of inflammation that in turn decrease production of endothelial nitric oxide and adiponectin to induce insulin resistance in maternal and fetal tissues. Increased concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6 enhance expression and activity of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 enzyme, which produces abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, hyperphagia, and hyperleptinemia, characteristic features of metabolic syndrome X. Continued consumption of an energy-dense diet in childhood aggravates these molecular events. This implies that supplementation of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (especially AA, EPA, and DHA in appropriate ratios) from the perinatal period through adulthood could prevent, arrest, or postpone development of metabolic syndrome X.
Fructose intake during pregnancy up-regulates the expression of maternal and fetal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c in rats.; Excess fructose consumption is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes and obesity. However, the impact of fructose intake on maternal and fetal lipid metabolism during pregnancy is not known. The aim of this study was to examine whether maternal fructose intake during pregnancy would affect fetal and maternal hepatic lipid metabolism. Pregnant Wistar rats were randomly divided into untreated control and fructose-treated groups
A maternal high-fat, high-sucrose diet alters insulin sensitivity and expression of insulin signalling and lipid metabolism genes and proteins in male rat offspring: effect of folic acid supplementation.; A maternal high-fat, high-sucrose (HFS) diet alters offspring glucose and lipid homoeostasis through unknown mechanisms and may be modulated by folic acid. We investigated the effect of a maternal HFS diet on glucose homoeostasis, expression of genes and proteins associated with insulin signalling and lipid metabolism and the effect of prenatal folic acid supplementation (HFS/F) in male rat offspring. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly fed control (CON), HFS or HFS/F diets. Offspring were weaned on CON
Zingiber officinale Rosc. in the Treatment of Metabolic Syndrome Disorders-A Review of In Vivo Studies.; Inflammation is a protective reaction of the innate immune system as a response to imbalances caused by a specific stimulus, a disease or a pathogen. A prolonged inflammatory condition may lead to the development of metabolic syndrome, which affects more than one-fourth of the world's population. This condition leads to the development of multi-organ disorders based on disrupted blood lipid and sugar levels, hypertension and oxidative stress. The review aims to present Zingiber officinale Rosc. as a plant that exhibits a variety of healing properties and restores the organism's equilibrium. Ginger (GI) rhizomes have been commonly used in traditional medicine to treat arthritis, stomach ache, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, rheumatism, nervous system syndromes, asthma, diabetes and nausea caused by pregnancy or chemotherapy. This review gathers together data from in vivo experiments related to the application of ginger for the treatment of inflammatory conditions, obesity, diabetes and other related disorders as a consequence of metabolic syndrome, including the confirmed molecular mechanisms of action.
Maternal manganese restriction increases susceptibility to high-fat diet-induced dyslipidemia and altered adipose function in WNIN male rat offspring.; Growth in utero is largely a reflection of nutrient and oxygen supply to the foetus. We studied the effects of Mn restriction per se, maternal Mn restriction, and postnatal high-fat feeding in modulating body composition, lipid metabolism and adipocyte function in Wistar/NIN (WNIN) rat offspring. Female weanling, WNIN rats received ad libitum for 4 months, a control or Mn-restricted diet and were mated with control males. Some restricted mothers were rehabilitated with control diet from conception (MnRC) or parturition (MnRP), and their offspring were raised on control diet. Some restricted offspring were weaned onto control diet (MnRW), while others continued on restricted diet throughout (MnR). A set of offspring from each group was fed high-fat diet from 9 months onwards. Body composition, adipocytes function, and lipid metabolism were monitored in male rat offspring at regular intervals. Maternal manganese restriction increased the susceptibility of the offspring to high-fat-induced adiposity, dyslipidaemia, and a proinflammatory state but did not affect their glycemic or insulin status.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle IV: Insulin resistance, dry matter intake, and blood parameters.; We have shown in 2 independent studies that cows who received recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) administered intrauterinely shortly after parturition have a significant and long-lasting increase in milk yield. In the present study, we hypothesized that the increased milk production associated with rbIL-8 treatment is a consequence of increased postpartum dry matter intake (DMI) and orchestrated homeorhetic changes that prioritize milk production. Cows were enrolled into 1 of 3 treatment groups: those assigned to the control group (CTR
The Role of Maternal Dietary Proteins in Development of Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring.; The prevalence of metabolic syndrome and obesity has been increasing. Pre-natal environment has been suggested as a factor influencing the risk of metabolic syndrome in adulthood. Both observational and experimental studies showed that maternal diet is a major modifier of the development of regulatory systems in the offspring in utero and post-natally. Both protein content and source in maternal diet influence pre- and early post-natal development. High and low protein dams' diets have detrimental effect on body weight, blood pressure191 and metabolic and intake regulatory systems in the offspring. Moreover, the role of the source of protein in a nutritionally adequate maternal diet in programming of food intake regulatory system, body weight, glucose metabolism and blood pressure in offspring is studied. However, underlying mechanisms are still elusive. The purpose of this review is to examine the current literature related to the role of proteins in maternal diets in development of characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in offspring.
Protein malnutrition during pregnancy in C57BL/6J mice results in offspring with altered circadian physiology before obesity.; The mechanisms linking intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) with adulthood obesity and diabetes are unclear. These studies investigated energy homeostasis in 8- and 20-wk-old male and female mice subjected to protein deficiency in utero. Pregnant C57BL/6J female mice were fed a protein-deficient diet (6% protein). Undernourished offspring (UO) and controls (CO) were cross-fostered to lactating dams fed a 20% control diet. The 24-h profiles of energy expenditure, feeding behavior, physical activity, and whole-body substrate preference was assessed using 8-wk UO and CO weaned onto control diet. Blood chemistries, glucose tolerance, and expression of genes involved in hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism were analyzed in 8- and 20-wk-old CO and UO fed control or a high-fat diet. UO exhibited IUGR with catch-up growth at 8 wk of age and increased severity of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by 20 wk of age. Therefore, fetal malnutrition in the C57BL/6J mouse increases sensitivity to diet-induced obesity. Abnormal daily rhythms in food intake and metabolism, increased lipogenesis, and inflammation preceded obesity in the UO group. Arrhythmic expression of circadian oscillator genes was evident in brain, liver, and muscle of UO at 8 and 20 wk of age. Expression of the clock-associated nuclear receptor and transcription repressor Rev-erbalpha was reduced in liver and muscle of UO. Altered circadian physiology may be symptomatic of the metabolic dysregulation associated with IUGR, and altered feeding behavior and substrate metabolism may contribute to the obese phenotype.
Signaling pathways that regulate adaptive β-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes.; The decline in β-cell mass due to the failure of β-cell compensation is one cause of the development of type 2 diabetes. Therefore, elucidation of the mechanism by which an adaptive increase in β-cell mass occurs in vivo will lead to the development of a cure for diabetes. Insulin and insulin receptor (IR)-mediated signaling pathways play an important role in the mechanism that increases β-cell mass by compensatory β-cell proliferation in response to chronic insulin resistance. However, whether IR is required for compensatory β-cell proliferation remains controversial in some situations. It might be possible that IR acts as a scaffold for the signaling complex independent of its ligand. It has also been reported that the forkhead box protein M1/polo-like kinase 1/centromere protein A pathway plays a central role in adaptive β-cell proliferation during diet-induced obesity, hyperglycemia, pregnancy, aging and acute insulin resistance. We recently reported that the cross-talk of islets with fat tissue, in addition to the liver, through humoral factors is involved in adaptive β-cell proliferation. This accommodative response of β-cell proliferation through adipocytes was observed particularly under an acute insulin resistance state in an IR/insulin signal-independent and forkhead box protein M1/polo-like kinase 1/centromere protein A pathway-dependent manner. A remaining barrier for the treatment of human diabetes using β-cells is the differences between human and rodent islets. In this review, the focus is on signaling pathways that regulate adaptive β-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes considering the abovementioned issues.
[Effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate on liver lipid metabolism in rats with intrauterine growth restriction and related mechanism].; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) on liver lipid metabolism in rats with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and related mechanism. METHODS: A rat model of IUGR was established by food restriction during entire pregnancy, and then the rats were randomly divided into an IUGR group and an EGCG group (n=8 each). The rats in the EGCG group were fed with water containing EGCG from after weaning to 10 weeks. Eight pup rats born from the pregnant maternal rats without food restriction were used as the control group. At the age of 13 weeks, body weight was measured. Blood and liver tissue samples were collected to measure fasting total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), free fatty acid (FFA), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting insulin (FINS), and liver lipids. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and adipose insulin resistance (adipo-IR) were calculated. Pathological sections of the liver were observed and quantitative real-time PCR was used to measure the mRNA expression of related genes in the liver. RESULTS: At the age of 13 weeks, there was no significant difference in body weight between groups (P=0.067). There were significant differences between groups in FPG, FFA, FINS, HOMA-IR, and adipo-IR (P<0.05). There were no significant differences in the serum levels of TC and TG between groups (P>0.05), while the IUGR group had significantly higher levels of TC and TG in the liver than the EGCG group (P<0.05). Oil red staining showed that the IUGR group had a significant increase in hepatic lipid accumulation, while the EGCG group had certain improvement after EGCG treatment. PCR results suggested that compared with the control group, the IUGR group had significant reductions in the mRNA expression of Ampk and Adipor1 and a significant increase in the mRNA expression of Srebf1 (P<0.05), while EGCG increased the mRNA expression of Ampk and reduced the mRNA expression of Srebf1, with no significant differences in the two indices between the EGCG and control groups (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Early EGCG intervention can down-regulate the de novo synthesis of fatty acids through the Ampk/Srebf1 signaling pathway and reduce hepatic lipid accumulation in IUGR rats by improving insulin resistance of hepatocytes.
Maternal Western diet exposure increases periportal fibrosis beginning in utero in nonhuman primate offspring.; Maternal obesity affects nearly one-third of pregnancies and is a major risk factor for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adolescent offspring, yet the mechanisms behind NAFLD remain poorly understood. Here, we demonstrate that nonhuman primate fetuses exposed to maternal Western-style diet (WSD) displayed increased fibrillar collagen deposition in the liver periportal region, with increased ACTA2 and TIMP1 staining, indicating localized hepatic stellate cell (HSC) and myofibroblast activation. This collagen deposition pattern persisted in 1-year-old offspring, despite weaning to a control diet (CD). Maternal WSD exposure increased the frequency of DCs and reduced memory CD4+ T cells in fetal liver without affecting systemic or hepatic inflammatory cytokines. Switching obese dams from WSD to CD before conception or supplementation of the WSD with resveratrol decreased fetal hepatic collagen deposition and reduced markers of portal triad fibrosis, oxidative stress, and fetal hypoxemia. These results demonstrate that HSCs and myofibroblasts are sensitive to maternal WSD-associated oxidative stress in the fetal liver, which is accompanied by increased periportal collagen deposition, indicative of early fibrogenesis beginning in utero. Alleviating maternal WSD-driven oxidative stress in the fetal liver holds promise for halting steatosis and fibrosis and preventing developmental programming of NAFLD.
Excessive folic acid supplementation in pregnant mice impairs insulin secretion and induces the expression of genes associated with fatty liver in their offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Previous human and animal studies have shown that excessive maternal intake of folic acid (FA) predisposes to impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring. However, the underlying mechanism is unknown. Therefore, we aimed to determine whether excessive supplementation with FA during pregnancy affects the glucose tolerance of mouse offspring. RESEARCH METHODS & PROCEDURES: Pregnant C57BL/6J mice were fed AIN93G diet containing either 2 mg [control group (CN)] or 40 mg [high FA group (HFA)] FA/kg diet throughout their pregnancies. On postnatal days (PD)22 and 50, fasting blood glucose was measured in the offspring of both groups, and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed on PD50. On PD53, tissues were collected, and the tissue masses, area of insulin expression in the pancreas, liver triglyceride content, and gene expression were determined. RESULTS: The blood glucose concentrations at 60 and 120 min of the OGTT were higher in female HFA than CN offspring. The serum fasting and non-fasting insulin concentrations and the area of insulin expression in the pancreas were lower in HFA than CN offspring. The liver triglyceride content was higher in female, and tended to be higher in male (P < 0.05), HFA offspring than CN offspring (P < 0.05). The liver mRNA expression of fat synthesis genes, such as Pparγ2 (male and female) and Cidec (male), was higher in HFA than CN offspring (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Excessive maternal supplementation of FA in mice leads to lower insulin synthesis and an impairment in hepatic fat metabolism in the offspring.
Effect of maternal chronic intermittent hypoxia during gestation on offspring growth in the rat.; OBJECTIVE: Obstructive sleep apnea, a breathing disorder caused by the repetitive collapse of the upper airway during sleep, results in a state of chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH). Although the etiology and consequences of CIH are extensively investigated in the adult, the developmental ramifications of this disease process are unknown. DESIGN: This study was done to investigate the effect of CIH during gestation on offspring development. Pregnant female Spraque-Dawley rats were exposed to daily CIH throughout the gestational period. RESULTS: Postnatal day-1 offspring from CIH mothers were asymmetrically growth restricted, with decreased body weights and elevated brain-weight:liver-weight ratios. Furthermore, CIH newborns had elevated heart- and brain-weight:body weight ratios, and decreased liver-weight:body weight ratios. By adulthood, body weights of growth restricted offspring were significantly greater, as were the liver-weight:body weight ratios. CIH offspring also had greater body fat deposition, were hyperglycemic and had elevated plasma levels of insulin during development into adults. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that alteration of the maternal intrauterine environment by gestational CIH effects the long-term development of the offspring and increases the risk of the offspring to metabolic diseases in adulthood.
High-fat diet and streptozotocin in the induction of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a new proposal.; Our objective was to establish a diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2) model in rats using a high-fat diet and streptozotocin (HF-STZ). Male Wistar rats (240-250g) were divided into a control group (commercial feed), and HF-STZ group, (66.5%-commercial feed, 13.5%-lard, and 20%-sugar). STZ (40mg/kg i.p.) or vehicle was administered on the 13th day. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed (2.5mg of glucose/kg v.o.) on both groups. After 39 days of treatment, blood and tissue samples were collected for analyses. The weight gain after STZ administration was lower in the HF-STZ group than in the control group with reductions in muscle mass and adipose tissue. The HF-STZ group showed hyperglycemia after STZ administration (glucose on day 39: HF-STZ: 499 ± 60
Evidence for an insulin resistance in the adult offspring of pregnant streptozotocin-diabetic rats.; Our previous work has suggested the presence of an insulin resistance in the adult offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic pregnant rats. In this study we used the euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp technique with an isotope-dilution method to define and quantify this postulated insulin resistance in adult offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats. Under basal conditions, these rats had a lower body weight than control rats, but their glucose and insulin concentrations were normal. During the hyperinsulinaemic clamp, the steady-state glucose infusion rate was significantly lower in the offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats than in both age- and weight-matched controls, indicating insulin resistance. Basal peripheral tissue glucose utilization was normal in the offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats, but the dose-response curve was shifted to the right:insulin concentrations causing half-maximal stimulation of glucose utilization were increased by about 60% in the offspring of diabetic rats
Cord blood fatty acid binding protein 4 and lipids in infants born small- or large-for-gestational-age.; AIM: Adverse (poor or excessive) fetal growth "programs" an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes. Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been implicated in regulating insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism relevant to fetal growth. We sought to determine whether FABP4 is associated with poor or excessive fetal growth and fetal lipids. METHODS: In a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort including 60 trios of small-for-gestational-age (SGA, an indicator of poor fetal growth), large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of excessive fetal growth) and optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control) infants, we measured cord blood concentrations of FABP4 and lipids [high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterols, triglycerides (TG)]. RESULTS: Adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics, higher cord blood FABP4 concentrations were associated with a lower odds of SGA [OR = 0.29 (0.11-0.77) per log unit increment in FABP4, P = 0.01], but were not associated with LGA (P = 0.46). Cord blood FABP4 was positively correlated with both LDL (r = 0.29, P = 0.025) and HDL (r = 0.33, P = 0.01) in LGA infants only. CONCLUSION: FABP4 was inversely associated with the risk of SGA. The study is the first to demonstrate LGA-specific positive correlations of cord blood FABP4 with HDL and LDL cholesterols, suggesting a role of FABP4 in fetal lipid metabolism in subjects with excessive fetal growth.
The Beneficial Effects of Prenatal Biotin Supplementation in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Caloric Restriction to Prevent Cardiometabolic Risk in Adult Female Offspring.; Numerous studies indicate that intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) can predispose individuals to metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adulthood. Several reports have demonstrated that pharmacological concentrations of biotin have therapeutic effects on MetS. The present study investigated the beneficial effects of prenatal biotin supplementation in a rat model of intrauterine caloric restriction to prevent cardiometabolic risk in adult female offspring fed fructose after weaning. Female rats were exposed to a control (C) diet or global caloric restriction (20%) (GCR), with biotin (GCRB) supplementation (2 mg/kg) during pregnancy. Female offspring were exposed to 20% fructose (F) in drinking water for 16 weeks after weaning (C, C/F, GCR/F, and GCRB/F). The study assessed various metabolic parameters including Lee's index, body weight, feed conversion ratio, caloric intake, glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, lipid profile, hepatic triglycerides, blood pressure, and arterial vasoconstriction. Results showed that GCR and GCRB dams had reduced weights compared to C dams. Offspring of GCRB/F and GCR/F dams had lower body weight and Lee's index than C/F offspring. Maternal biotin supplementation in the GCRB/F group significantly mitigated the adverse effects of fructose intake, including hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia, hepatic steatosis, glucose and insulin resistance, hypertension, and arterial hyperresponsiveness. This study concludes that prenatal biotin supplementation can protect against cardiometabolic risk in adult female offspring exposed to postnatal fructose, highlighting its potential therapeutic benefits.
The timing of nutrient restriction during rat pregnancy/lactation alters metabolic syndrome phenotype.; OBJECTIVE: Modulation of growth of intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) newborns causes either adult obesity or normalization of body weight and fat. We investigated the impact of rapid versus delayed catch-up growth of IUGR offspring on glucose and lipid profiles. STUDY DESIGN: From 10 days to term gestation and through lactation, control pregnant rats received ad libitum food, whereas study rats were 50% food restricted. Cross-fostering techniques were used to examine effects of food restriction during pregnancy and/or lactation periods. Glucose and lipid profiles were determined in offspring at ages 1 day, 3 weeks, and 9 months. RESULTS: Food restriction during pregnancy produced hypoglycemic IUGR pups. Those permitted rapid catch-up growth demonstrated adult obesity with insulin resistance (hyperglycemia/hyperinsulinemia) and hypertriglyceridemia. Conversely, IUGR exhibiting delayed catch-up growth demonstrated normal adult body weight and insulin deficiency (hyperglycemia/hypoinsulinemia) and elevated cholesterol levels as compared with controls. However, these adult offspring had higher glucose though similar insulin levels as control offspring nursed by food restricted dam. CONCLUSION: The timing and the rate of IUGR newborn catch-up growth causes markedly altered adult phenotypes. Although delayed newborn catch-up growth may be beneficial in the prevention of adult obesity, there may be significant adverse effects on pancreatic function.
Paternal obesity induces placental hypoxia and sex-specific impairments in placental vascularization and offspring metabolism†.; Paternal obesity predisposes offspring to metabolic dysfunction, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. We investigated whether this metabolic dysfunction is associated with changes in placental vascular development and is fueled by endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated changes in fetal hepatic development. We also determined whether paternal obesity indirectly affects the in utero environment by disrupting maternal metabolic adaptations to pregnancy. Male mice fed a standard chow or high fat diet (60%kcal fat) for 8-10 weeks were time-mated with female mice to generate pregnancies and offspring. Glucose tolerance was evaluated in dams at mid-gestation (embryonic day (E) 14.5) and late gestation (E18.5). Hypoxia, angiogenesis, endocrine function, macronutrient transport, and ER stress markers were evaluated in E14.5 and E18.5 placentae and/or fetal livers. Maternal glucose tolerance was assessed at E14.5 and E18.5. Metabolic parameters were assessed in offspring at ~60 days of age. Paternal obesity did not alter maternal glucose tolerance but induced placental hypoxia and altered placental angiogenic markers, with the most pronounced effects in female placentae. Paternal obesity increased ER stress-related protein levels (ATF6 and PERK) in the fetal liver and altered hepatic expression of gluconeogenic factors at E18.5. Offspring of obese fathers were glucose intolerant and had impaired whole-body energy metabolism, with more pronounced effects in female offspring. Metabolic deficits in offspring due to paternal obesity may be mediated by sex-specific changes in placental vessel structure and integrity that contribute to placental hypoxia and may lead to poor fetal oxygenation and impairments in fetal metabolic signaling pathways in the liver.
Detection of hepatitis B surface antigen in pregnant women attending a public hospital for delivery: implication for vaccination strategy in Bangladesh.; Routine antenatal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) screening and immunization of risk babies is very effective in preventing perinatal transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV). We studied 1,800 parturients attending a public hospital to assess the rationale for such vaccination in Bangladesh. In one in every 29 deliveries (63 of 1,800 or 3.5%), the mother was found to be HBsAg positive. All were asymptomatic and many (41 of 63 or 65%) without risk factors would remain undetected if HBsAg screening were performed on selected groups. Most of the HBsAg-positive mothers (54 of 63 or 85.7%) were found to be chronic carriers and 30.2% (19 of 63) were also hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) positive, indicating high infectivity. Although 23 cord blood were positive for HBsAg or HBeAg, none were positive for IgM antibody to hepatitis B core antigen (IgM anti-HBc), suggesting transplacental transmission of the antigens rather than intrauterine infection. These findings are discussed in relation to the cost-effectiveness of routine prenatal screening and immunization of risk babies compared with universal infant immunization.
Partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance and adult progeria Werner syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Laminopathies, due to mutations in LMNA, encoding A type-lamins, can lead to premature ageing and/or lipodystrophic syndromes, showing that these diseases could have close physiopathological relationships. We show here that lipodystrophy and extreme insulin resistance can also reveal the adult progeria Werner syndrome linked to mutations in WRN, encoding a RecQ DNA helicase. METHODS: We analysed the clinical and biological features of two women, aged 32 and 36, referred for partial lipodystrophic syndrome which led to the molecular diagnosis of Werner syndrome. Cultured skin fibroblasts from one patient were studied. RESULTS: Two normal-weighted women presented with a partial lipodystrophic syndrome with hypertriglyceridemia and liver steatosis. One of them had also diabetes. Both patients showed a peculiar, striking lipodystrophic phenotype with subcutaneous lipoatrophy of the four limbs contrasting with truncal and abdominal fat accumulation. Their oral glucose tolerance tests showed extremely high levels of insulinemia, revealing major insulin resistance. Low serum levels of sex-hormone binding globulin and adiponectin suggested a post-receptor insulin signalling defect. Other clinical features included bilateral cataracts, greying hair and distal skin atrophy. We observed biallelic WRN null mutations in both women (p.Q748X homozygous, and compound heterozygous p.Q1257X/p.M1329fs). Their fertility was decreased, with preserved menstrual cycles and normal follicle-stimulating hormone levels ruling out premature ovarian failure. However undetectable anti-müllerian hormone and inhibin B indicated diminished follicular ovarian reserve. Insulin-resistance linked ovarian hyperandrogenism could also contribute to decreased fertility, and the two patients became pregnant after initiation of insulin-sensitizers (metformin). Both pregnancies were complicated by severe cervical incompetence, leading to the preterm birth of a healthy newborn in one case, but to a second trimester-abortion in the other. WRN-mutated fibroblasts showed oxidative stress, increased lamin B1 expression, nuclear dysmorphies and premature senescence. CONCLUSIONS: We show here for the first time that partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance can reveal WRN-linked premature aging syndrome. Increased expression of lamin B1 with altered lamina architecture observed in WRN-mutated fibroblasts could contribute to premature cellular senescence. Primary alterations in DNA replication and/or repair should be considered as possible causes of lipodystrophic syndromes.
An observational cohort study to investigate the impact of dolutegravir in pregnancy and its obesogenic effects on the metabolic health of women living with HIV and their children: Study protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Dolutegravir (DTG)-based antiretroviral therapy is the World Health Organization's preferred first-line regimen for all persons with HIV, including pregnant women. While DTG has been implicated as an obesogen associated with greater weight gain compared to other antiretrovirals, there is a paucity of data in pregnant women and their children. The Obesogenic oRigins of maternal and Child metabolic health Involving Dolutegravir (ORCHID) study is investigating associations between DTG, weight gain, and metabolic outcomes in the context of HIV. MATERIALS & METHODS: ORCHID is a prospective observational study taking place in Cape Town, South Africa (NCT04991402). A total of 1920 pregnant women with and without HIV infection are being followed from ≤18 weeks gestational age to 24 months postpartum with their children. Participants attend eleven study visits: 3 antenatal, delivery, and 7 postnatal visits. Several embedded sub-studies address specific scientific aims. Primary outcome measurements in mothers include anthropometry, blood pressure, body composition, dysglycemia, insulin resistance (IR), and dyslipidemia. Other maternal measures include demographics, resting energy expenditure, viral load, physical activity, dietary intake, hepatic steatosis, and repository specimens. Sub-study measurements include markers of adipose inflammation, gut integrity, and satiety/hunger, subcutaneous adipose tissue morphology and mitochondrial function, and metabolomics. Primary outcome measurements in children include anthropometry, adipose tissue mass, dysglycemia, IR, and dyslipidemia. Other variables include fetal growth, birth outcomes, medical/breastfeeding history, caloric intake, neurodevelopment, and repository specimens. Sub-study measurements include metabolites/lipid subspecies in umbilical cord blood, as well as breast milk composition and DTG exposure. DISCUSSION: ORCHID will play a pivotal role in defining obesogenic mechanisms and clinical consequences of DTG use in pregnancy in women with HIV and their children. It will provide insights into metabolic disease risk reduction in the context of HIV/DTG, identify intervention targets, and inform public health approaches to diminish chronic metabolic co-morbidities for women and children.
Pregnancy-associated Inflammatory Myofibroblastic Tumors of the Uterus Are Clinically Distinct and Highly Enriched for TIMP3-ALK and THBS1-ALK Fusions.; As inflammatory myofibroblastic tumors (IMTs) have become more widely recognized in the female genital tract, an intriguing subset of uterine tumors associated with pregnancy has emerged. Whether uterine IMTs occurring in the setting of pregnancy are clinically or biologically distinct from other uterine IMTs is unknown. Furthermore, little is known about the perinatal factors that may influence the development of these tumors. Here, we report the largest case series of 8 pregnancy-associated IMTs. All pregnancy-associated IMTs in this series occurred in association with pregnancy complications, including abnormal implantation (n=1), gestational diabetes (n=2), preeclampsia and/or HELLP syndrome (n=2), antiphospholipid syndrome (n=1), premature rupture of membranes (n=1), and hepatitis B (n=1). Notably, all IMTs were expelled at the time of delivery or immediately postpartum and were either adherent to the placenta or presented as separate, detached tissue. Tumors ranged from 2.0 to 6.0 cm (median, 3.9 cm), were well-circumscribed and showed classic histologic features of IMTs, including myxoid stroma and a lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate. Seven of 8 cases were positive by ALK immunohistochemistry and confirmed to have an ALK gene rearrangement by fluorescent in situ hybridization and RNA sequencing. The ALK-rearranged IMTs were found to be particularly enriched for TIMP3-ALK (n=5) and THBS1-ALK (n=2) fusions. The single case that was negative for an ALK rearrangement exhibited the classic morphology of an IMT. None of the 4 cases with available clinical follow-up recurred. The clinicopathologic features of pregnancy-associated IMTs in this series in conjunction with those reported in the literature suggests that these may be transient tumors that develop during pregnancy and shed at parturition
Influence of Japanese diet consumption during pregnancy and lactation on lipid metabolism in offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies have demonstrated that obesity is rare among those who consume the Japanese diet because of its lower caloric content compared with the American diet. Meanwhile, it has been reported that maternal caloric restriction, which induces antiobesity effects, during pregnancy and lactation increases the likelihood of a low birthweight infant, which increases the risks for obesity and diabetes later in life. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of maternal consumption of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation on the risk for obesity and diabetes in the offspring later in life. METHODS: Pregnant mice were divided into three groups and fed either a control diet, Western diet, or Japanese diet, and their offspring were raised until 7 wk old. RESULTS: Examinations of 18-d-old and 7-wk-old offspring showed no effect of consistently eating a Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation on the health conditions of 18-d-old offspring, but 7-wk-old offspring showed a decrease in visceral fat and liver triacylglycerol levels. In addition, 7-wk-old offspring from mothers who consumed the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation showed a decrease in the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and a reduced risk for developing diabetes. This tendency was also confirmed in 18-d-old offspring. Evaluation of the mechanism revealed that fatty acid synthesis in the liver of the offspring was suppressed by the mother's consumption of the Japanese diet. CONCLUSION: From these results, maternal consumption of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation did not adversely affect the offspring, and continual intake of this diet reduced the risk for developing obesity and diabetes in the offspring later in life.
Respective contributions of maternal insulin resistance and diet to metabolic and hypothalamic phenotypes of progeny.; Maternal obesity can influence susceptibility to obesity and type 2 diabetes in progeny. We examined the relationship of maternal insulin resistance (IR), a metabolically important consequence of increased adiposity, to adverse consequences of obesity for fetal development. We used mice heterozygous for a null allele of the insulin receptor (Insr) to study the contributions of maternal IR to offspring phenotype without the potential confound of obesity per se, and how maternal consumption of high-fat diet (HFD) may, independently and interactively, affect progeny. In progeny fed a 60% HFD, body weight and adiposity were transiently (5-7 weeks) increased in wild-type (+/+) offspring of Insr(+/-) HFD-fed dams compared to offspring of wild-type HFD-fed dams. Offspring of HFD-fed wild-type dams had increased body weight, blood glucose, and plasma insulin concentrations compared to offspring of chow-fed wild-type dams. Quantification of proopiomelanocortin (POMC) and neuropeptide-Y (NPY) populations in the arcuate nucleus of the hypothalamus (ARH) of offspring of wild-type vs. Insr(+/-) dams was performed to determine whether maternal IR affects the formation of central feeding circuits. We found a 20% increase in the number of Pomc-expressing cells at postnatal day 9 in offspring of Insr(+/-) dams. In conclusion, maternal HFD consumption-distinct from overt obesity per se-was a major contributor to increased body weight, adiposity, IR, and liver triglyceride (TG) phenotypes in progeny. Maternal IR played a minor role in predisposing progeny to obesity and IR, though it acted synergistically with maternal HFD to exacerbate early obesity in progeny.
Site-specific changes in the expression of fat-partitioning genes in weanling rats exposed to a low-protein diet in utero.; OBJECTIVE: Intrauterine growth restriction is associated with increased prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in adult life, including increased adiposity. The aim of this study was to investigate if maternal protein energy malnutrition is associated with changes in expression of genes involved in fat partitioning in weanling rats. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Time-mated mothers were placed on one of two isocaloric diets, low protein [(LP), 8% protein] or control (20% protein). All mothers remained on the diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. A third group received control for 2 weeks and was switched to LP for the last week of pregnancy and lactation [late low protein (LLP) group]. Offspring were analyzed at weaning for serum glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, triglyceride, and insulin. Expression of the genes acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase, fatty acid synthase, and carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1 were measured in liver, quadriceps muscle, and subcutaneous white adipose tissue using semiquantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: LLP and LP offspring were shorter, weighed less, had reduced serum insulin and nonesterified fatty acids, and had increased serum glucose, serum triglycerides, and hepatic triglycerides. Hepatic gene expression of acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase and fatty acid synthase was increased 2-fold in LLP and LP offspring (p < 0.001). These changes were not seen in muscle or subcutaneous white adipose tissue. CPT-1 gene expression was unaltered in all tissues examined. DISCUSSION: Maternal protein energy malnutrition programs gene expression of lipogenic enzymes in the liver of weanling offspring in a manner favoring fat synthesis that may predispose these offspring to fat accumulation and insulin resistance later in life.
Alström Syndrome.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Alström syndrome is characterized by cone-rod dystrophy, obesity, progressive bilateral sensorineural hearing impairment, acute infantile-onset cardiomyopathy and/or adolescent- or adult-onset restrictive cardiomyopathy, insulin resistance / type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and chronic progressive kidney disease. Cone-rod dystrophy presents as progressive visual impairment, photophobia, and nystagmus usually starting between birth and age 15 months. Many individuals lose all perception of light by the end of the second decade, but a minority retain the ability to read large print into the third decade. Children usually have normal birth weight but develop truncal obesity during their first year. Sensorineural hearing loss presents in the first decade in as many as 70% of individuals and may progress to the severe or moderately severe range (40-70 db) by the end of the first to second decade. Insulin resistance is typically accompanied by the skin changes of acanthosis nigricans, and proceeds to T2DM in the majority by the third decade. Nearly all demonstrate hypertriglyceridemia. Other findings can include endocrine abnormalities (hypothyroidism, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in males, and hyperandrogenism in females), urologic dysfunction / detrusor instability, progressive decrease in renal function, and hepatic disease (ranging from elevated transaminases to steatohepatitis/NAFLD). Approximately 20% of affected individuals have delay in early developmental milestones, most commonly in gross and fine motor skills. About 30% have a learning disability. Cognitive impairment (IQ <70) is very rare. Wide clinical variability is observed among affected individuals, even within the same family. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The clinical diagnosis of Alström syndrome is based on cardinal clinical features that emerge throughout infancy, childhood, and young adulthood. The molecular diagnosis of Alström syndrome is established in individuals of all ages by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in ALMS1 on molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: No therapy exists to prevent the progressive organ involvement of Alström syndrome. Individuals with Alström syndrome require coordinated multidisciplinary care to formulate management and therapeutic interventions. Red-orange tinted prescription lenses may reduce symptoms of photodysphoria
Opposing Actions of Developmental Trichloroethylene and High-Fat Diet Coexposure on Markers of Lipogenesis and Inflammation in Autoimmune-Prone Mice.; Trichloroethylene (TCE) is a widespread environmental pollutant associated with immunotoxicity and autoimmune disease. Previous studies showed that mice exposed from gestation through early life demonstrated CD4+ T cell alterations and autoimmune hepatitis. Determining the role of one environmental risk factor for any disease is complicated by the presence of other stressors. Based on its known effects, we hypothesized that developmental overnutrition in the form of a moderately high-fat diet (HFD) consisting of 40% kcal fat would exacerbate the immunotoxicity and autoimmune-promoting effects of low-level (<10 μg/kg/day) TCE in autoimmune-prone MRL+/+ mice over either stressor alone. When female offspring were evaluated at 27 weeks of age we found that a continuous exposure beginning at 4 weeks preconception in the dams until 10 weeks of age in offspring that TCE and HFD promoted unique effects that were often antagonistic. For a number of adiposity endpoints, TCE significantly reversed the expected effects of HFD on expression of genes involved in fatty acid synthesis/insulin resistance, as well as mean pathology scores of steatosis. Although none of the animals developed pathological signs of autoimmune hepatitis, the mice generated unique patterns of antiliver antibodies detected by western blotting attributable to TCE exposure. A majority of cytokines in liver, gut, and splenic CD4+ T cells were significantly altered by TCE, but not HFD. Levels of bacterial populations in the intestinal ileum were also altered by TCE exposure rather than HFD. Thus, in contrast to our expectations this coexposure did not promote synergistic effects.
Maternal low-protein diet alters hepatic lipid accumulation and gene expression related to glucose metabolism in young adult mouse offspring fed a postweaning high-fat diet.; Maternal consumption of low-protein (LP) diet during pregnancy has been demonstrated to increase the chances of adult offspring developing metabolic syndrome, and this risk can be exacerbated when the postnatal diets do not align with the prenatal conditions. However, in our previous study, focusing on serum parameters and gene expression patterns within adipose tissue, we discovered the presence of "healthy obesity" in young adult offspring from dams that were fed an LP, as a response to a postweaning high-fat (HF) diet. Here, we subsequently investigated the role played by the liver and skeletal muscle in alleviation of insulin resistance in male offspring that were fed either control (C/C group) or HF diet (C/HF and LP/HF groups) for 22 weeks. While a postweaning HF diet increased liver weight and hepatic triglyceride (TG) and cholesterol levels in offspring of control dams, these levels were lower in the LP/HF group compared to the C/HF group. Analysis of the liver transcriptome identified 430 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in the LP/HF and C/HF comparison. Especially, downregulated DEGs were enriched in carbohydrate metabolism and the levels of DEGs were significantly correlated with the levels of markers for serum glucose homeostasis and hepatic lipid accumulation. In the LP/HF group compared to the C/HF group, there was a decrease in the gastrocnemius muscle weight, while no differences were observed in gene expression levels associated with muscle fiber phenotype, mitochondrial function, and inflammation. In conclusion, maternal LP diet induced changes in lipid and glucose metabolism within the liver, similar to what was observed in adipose tissue, while there were no alterations in metabolic functions in the skeletal muscle in young offspring mice fed an HF diet. Further research that investigating the enduring impact of nutritional transition on offspring is essential to gain a comprehensive grasp of developmental programming throughout their entire lifespan.
Acute Kidney Injury in Pregnancy: The Changing Landscape for the 21st Century.; Pregnancy-related acute kidney injury (Pr-AKI) remains a large public health problem, with decreasing incidences in developing countries but seemingly increasing incidences in the United States and Canada. These epidemiologic changes are reflective of the advances in medical and obstetric care, as well as changes in underlying maternal risk factors. The risk factors associated with advanced maternal age, such as hypertension, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and those associated with reproductive technologies such as multiple gestations, are increasing. Traditional causes of Pr-AKI, such as septic abortions and puerperal sepsis, have been replaced by hypertensive diseases, such as preeclampsia and thrombotic microangiopathies comprising thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS). In this review, we discuss the global impact of Pr-AKI on maternal and fetal outcomes, the predominant etiologies, and key clinical features to distinguish diagnoses, such as preeclampsia/hemolysis elevated liver function test and low platelet (HELLP) syndrome, acute fatty liver disease of pregnancy (AFLP), and other thrombotic microangiopathies. New insights into the pathogenesis of preeclampsia, TTP/aHUS, and AFLP that have unearthed possible therapeutic targets are summarized. We also delve into special consideration needed to give to pyelonephritis and postobstructive causes of Pr-AKI. With each diagnosis, we offer the latest treatment recommendations, such as the positive reports from the use of eculizumab to treat aHUS. In the end, we hope to arm the clinician with the best tools to understand and address this morbid problem that does not seem to be disappearing.
Maternal vitamin B(12) deficiency in rats alters DNA methylation in metabolically important genes in their offspring.; Vitamin B(12) deficiency is a critical problem worldwide and peri-conceptional deficiency of this vitamin is associated with the risk of complex cardio-metabolic diseases. Nutritional perturbations during these stages of development may lead to changes in the fetal epigenome. Using Wistar rat model system, we have earlier shown that low maternal B(12) levels are associated with low birth weight, adiposity, insulin resistance, and increased triglyceride levels in the offspring, which might predispose them to the risk of cardio-metabolic diseases in adulthood. In this study, we have investigated the effects of maternal B(12) deficiency on genome-wide DNA methylation profile of the offspring and the effect of rehabilitation of mothers with B(12) at conception. We have performed methylated DNA immunoprecipitation sequencing of liver from pups in four groups of Wistar rats: Control (C), B(12)-restricted (B(12)R), B(12)-rehabilitated at conception (B(12)RC), and B(12)-rehabilitated at parturition (B(12)RP). We have analyzed differentially methylated signatures between the three groups as compared to controls. We have identified a total of 214 hypermethylated and 142 hypomethylated regions in the 10 kb upstream region of transcription start site in pups of B(12)-deficient mothers, which are enriched in genes involved in fatty acid metabolism and mitochondrial transport/metabolism. B(12) rehabilitation at conception and parturition is responsible for reversal of methylation status of many of these regions to control levels suggesting a causal association with metabolic phenotypes. Thus, maternal B(12) restriction alters DNA methylation of genes involved in important metabolic processes and influences the offspring phenotype, which is reversed by B(12) rehabilitation of mothers at conception.
Pregnancy outcome in liver transplant recipients.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate pregnancy course, complications, and outcomes in liver transplant recipients. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of 38 pregnancies conceived between 1992 and 2002 in 29 women who underwent liver transplantation at Mount Sinai Medical Center. RESULTS: The most common primary liver disease was autoimmune hepatitis. All patients were on immunosuppressive regimens that included cyclosporine A or tacrolimus. There were four spontaneous first-trimester abortions and ten first-trimester terminations for worsening liver function. The interval from transplantation to pregnancy was shorter in the group that had abortions and terminations (24.4 +/- 24.3 months) as compared with the group that had live births (47.8 +/- 28.7 months), P =.02. There were 24 live births to 20 patients. The mean gestational age at delivery was 36.4 weeks, and the mean birth weight was 2762 g. Pregnancy complications included preeclampsia (20.8%), chronic hypertension (20.8%), hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets syndrome (8.3%), creatinine 1.3 mg/dL or more (25.0%), anemia (33.3%), diabetes (37.5%), cesarean delivery (45.8%), preterm birth less than 37 weeks (29.2%), intrauterine growth restriction (16.7%), and biopsy-proven graft rejection during pregnancy (16.7%). There were no intrauterine or neonatal deaths. All 5-minute Apgar scores were greater than 7. Four minor congenital anomalies were noted. Before 1997, there were five maternal deaths, 10-54 months after pregnancy. Pregnancy complications in our population were more common in those patients who delivered from 1992 to 1997 than in those who delivered from 1998 to 2002. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy planned at least 2 years after liver transplantation with stable allograft function can have excellent maternal and neonatal outcome.
The metabolic conditioning of obesity: A review of the pathogenesis of obesity and the epigenetic pathways that "program" obesity from conception.; Understanding the developmental origins of health and disease is integral to overcome the global tide of obesity and its metabolic consequences, including atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The rising prevalence of obesity has been attributed, in part, to environmental factors including the globalization of the western diet and unhealthy lifestyle choices. In this review we argue that how and when such exposures come into play from conception significantly impact overall risk of obesity and later health outcomes. While the laws of thermodynamics dictate that obesity is caused by an imbalance between caloric intake and energy expenditure, the drivers of each of these may be laid down before the manifestation of the phenotype. We present evidence over the last half-century that suggests that the temporospatial evolution of obesity from intrauterine life and beyond is, in part, due to the conditioning of physiological processes at critical developmental periods that results in maladaptive responses to obesogenic exposures later in life. We begin the review by introducing studies that describe an association between perinatal factors and later risk of obesity. After a brief discussion of the pathogenesis of obesity, including the systemic regulation of appetite, adiposity, and basal metabolic rate, we delve into the mechanics of how intrauterine, postnatal and early childhood metabolic environments may contribute to adult obesity risk through the process of metabolic conditioning. Finally, we detail the specific epigenetic pathways identified both in preclinical and clinical studies that synergistically "program" obesity.
Maternal exposure to high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation predisposes normal weight offspring mice to develop hepatic inflammation and insulin resistance.; Increasing evidence shows a potential link between the perinatal nutrient environment and metabolic outcome in offspring. Here, we investigated the effects of maternal feeding of a high-fat diet (HFD) during the perinatal period on hepatic metabolism and inflammation in male offspring mice at weaning and in early adulthood. Female C57BL/6 J mice were fed HFD or normal chow (NC) for 4 weeks before mating and during pregnancy and lactation. The male offspring mice were weaned onto an NC diet, and metabolic and molecular experiments were performed in early adulthood. At postnatal day 21, male offspring mice from HFD-fed dams (Off-HFD) showed significant increases in whole body fat mass and fasting levels of glucose, insulin, and cholesterol compared to male offspring mice from NC-fed dams (Off-NC). The RT-qPCR analysis showed two- to fivefold increases in hepatic inflammatory markers (MCP-1, IL-1β, and F4/80) in Off-HFD mice. Hepatic expression of G6Pase and PEPCK was elevated by fivefold in the Off-HFD mice compared to the Off-NC mice. Hepatic expression of GLUT4, IRS-1, and PDK4, as well as lipid metabolic genes, CD36, SREBP1c, and SCD1 were increased in the Off-HFD mice compared to the Off-NC mice. In contrast, CPT1a mRNA levels were reduced by 60% in the Off-HFD mice. At postnatal day 70, despite comparable body weights to the Off-NC mice, Off-HFD mice developed hepatic inflammation with increased expression of MCP-1, CD68, F4/80, and CD36 compared to the Off-NC mice. Despite normal body weight, Off-HFD mice developed insulin resistance with defects in hepatic insulin action and insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and brown fat, and these metabolic effects were associated with hepatic inflammation in Off-HFD mice. Our findings indicate hidden, lasting effects of maternal exposure to HFD during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic homeostasis of normal weight offspring mice.
Pioglitazone therapy in mouse offspring exposed to maternal obesity.; OBJECTIVE: Pioglitazone (PIO), an antidiabetic drug of the thiazolidinedione family, improves glucose and lipid metabolism in muscle, adipose, and liver tissues via peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma activation. We hypothesize that PIO therapy will improve the metabolic status of offspring exposed to maternal obesity in a mouse model developmentally programmed for metabolic syndrome. STUDY DESIGN: CD-1 female mice were fed a high-fat diet for 3 months prior to breeding and throughout pregnancy and lactation. The pups were weaned to a standard-fat diet. Offspring were randomly assigned to receive 40 mg/kg of PIO in 0.5% of methyl cellulose or 0.5% methyl cellulose by daily oral gavage for 2 weeks. The pre- and posttreatment total body weights of the pups were recorded. Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue were evaluated using microcomputed tomography. Serum analytes were measured. After treatment, minimally invasive microendoscopic fluorescence confocal imaging and intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests were performed. The data were analyzed using appropriate statistical tests (significance, P < .05). RESULTS: PIO therapy resulted in lower total body weight and lower visceral adipose tissue gain and increased subcutaneous adipose tissue. PIO significantly lowered triglycerides, insulin levels, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in males and fasting glucose in females. There was a trend toward larger adipocyte size. CONCLUSION: Short-term PIO therapy in the offspring of obese mothers attenuates metabolic changes associated with the developmental programming of metabolic syndrome. These novel data suggest a potential role for drugs that activate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma receptors to prevent metabolic syndrome in the adult offspring at risk to develop metabolic alterations.
Neonatal exendin-4 treatment reduces oxidative stress and prevents hepatic insulin resistance in intrauterine growth-retarded rats.; Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) has been linked to the development of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. We have developed an IUGR model in the rat whereby the animals develop diabetes later in life. Previous studies demonstrate that administration of the long-acting glucagon-like-peptide-1 agonist, exendin-4, during the neonatal period prevents the development of diabetes in IUGR rats. IUGR animals exhibit hepatic insulin resistance early in life (prior to the onset of hyperglycemia), characterized by blunted suppression of hepatic glucose production (HGP) in response to insulin. Basal HGP is also significantly higher in IUGR rats. We hypothesized that neonatal administration of exendin-4 would prevent the development of hepatic insulin resistance. IUGR and control rats were given exendin-4 on days 1-6 of life. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies showed that Ex-4 significantly reduced basal HGP by 20% and normalized insulin suppression of HGP in IUGR rats. While Ex-4 decreased body weight and fat content in both Control and IUGR animals, these differences were only statistically significant in Controls. Exendin-4 prevented development of oxidative stress in liver and reversed insulin-signaling defects in vivo, thereby preventing the development of hepatic insulin resistance. Defects in glucose disposal and suppression of hepatic glucose production in response to insulin were reversed. Similar results were obtained in isolated Ex-4-treated neonatal hepatocytes. These results indicate that exposure to exendin-4 in the newborn period reverses the adverse consequences of fetal programming and prevents the development of hepatic insulin resistance.
Programming effects of maternal and gestational obesity on offspring metabolism and metabolic inflammation.; With the increasing prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age there is a need to understand the ramifications of this on offspring. The purpose of this study is to investigate the programming effects of maternal obesity during preconception and the preconception/gestational period on adiposity and adipose tissue inflammation in offspring using an animal model. Adult female C57Bl/6J mice were assigned either normal diet, high fat diet (HFD) prior to pregnancy, or HFD prior to and through pregnancy. Some offspring were maintained on normal diet while others started HFD later in life. Offspring were assessed for body composition and metabolic responses. Lipid storing tissues were evaluated for expansion and inflammation. Male offspring from the preconception group had the greatest weight gain, most subcutaneous adipose tissue, and largest liver mass when introduced to postnatal HFD. Male offspring of the preconception/gestation group had worsened glucose tolerance and an increase in resident (CD11c(-)) adipose tissue macrophages (ATMs) when exposed to postnatal HFD. Female offspring had no significant difference in any parameter between the diet treatment groups. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that prenatal and pregnancy windows have independent programming effects on offspring. Preconception exposure affects body composition and adiposity while gestation exposure affects metabolism and tissue immune cell phenotypes.
Oxidative stress programming in a rat model of postnatal early overnutrition--role of insulin resistance.; Postnatal early overfeeding (EO) is related to later development of overweight and other metabolic disorders. As oxidative stress is implicated in most human diseases, as obesity and diabetes, we decided to study some parameters related to oxidative stress and insulin signaling in liver from EO animals in adult life. To induce EO, litter size was reduced to three pups per litter (SL: small litter) and groups with normal litter size (NL:10 pups per litter) were used as control. After weaning, rats had free access to standard diet and water. Body weight and food intake were monitored daily and offspring were killed at 180 days-old. Significant differences had P<.05 or less. As expected, SL rats had hyperphagia, higher body weight and higher visceral fat mass at weaning and adulthood. In liver, postnatal EO programmed for lower catalase (-42%), superoxide dismutase (-45%) and glutathione peroxidase (-65%) activities. The evaluation of liver injury in adult SL group showed lower nitrite content (-10%), higher liver and plasma malondialdehyde content (+25% and 1.1-fold increase, respectively). No changes of total protein bound carbonyl or Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase protein expression in liver were detected between the groups. Regarding insulin signaling pathway in liver, SL offspring showed lower IRβ (-66%), IRS1 (-50%), phospho-IRS1 (-73%), PI3-K (-30%) and Akt1 (-58%). Indeed, morphological analysis showed that SL rats presented focal areas of inflammatory cell infiltrate and lipid drops in their cytoplasm characterizing a microsteatosis. Thus, we evidenced that postnatal EO can program the oxidative stress in liver, maybe contributing for impairment of the insulin signaling.
Insulin resistance is a two-sided mechanism acting under opposite catabolic and anabolic conditions.; The survival of multi-cellular organisms depends on the organism ability to maintain glucose homeostasis for time of low/high nutrient availability or high energy needs, and the ability to fight infections or stress. These effects are realized through the insulin controlled transport of blood glucose into the insulin-responsive cells such as muscle, fat and liver cells. Reduction in the ability of these cells to take glucose from the blood in response to normal circulating levels of insulin is known as insulin resistance (IR). Chronic IR is a key pathological feature of obesity, type 2 diabetes, sepsis and cancer cachexia, however temporal IR are widely met in fasting/ hibernation, pregnancy, anti-bacterial immunity, exercise and stress. Paradoxically, a certain part of the IR-cases is associated with catabolic metabolism, whereas the other is related to anabolic pathways. How can this paradoxical IR-response be explained? What is the metabolic basis of this IR variability and its physiological and pathological impacts? An answer to these questions might be achieved through the hypothesis in which IR is considered as a two-sided mechanism acting under opposite metabolic conditions (catabolism and anabolism) but with the common aim to sustain glucose homeostasis in a wide metabolic range. To test this hypothesis, I examined the main metabolic distinctions between the varied IR-cases and their dependence on the blood glucose concentration, level of the IR-threshold, and catabolic/anabolic activation. On the basis of the established interrelations, a simple model of IR-distribution has been developed. The model revealed the «U-type distribution» form with separation into two main IR-groups, each determined in the catabolic or anabolic conditions with one exception - type 2 diabetes and its paradoxical catabolic activation in anabolic conditions. The dual opposing (or complementary) role for the IR opens a new possibility for better understanding the cause and consequences of transition from adaptive IR-responses to its pathological forms.
Comprehensive clinical management of polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 6-7% of reproductive-aged women. Although the diagnostic criteria for PCOS have been debated, it is frequently characterized by hyperandrogenism (hirsutism, acne, male-pattern hair loss), oligo-anovulation, and polycystic ovaries on ultrasound. The reproductive and metabolic complications associated with the syndrome can be serious, so a comprehensive approach to the evaluation and treatment of affected women is important. Menstrual cycle control is necessary to prevent endometrial hyperplasia, and this can be accomplished with hormonal contraception, progesterone therapy, and weight loss (if overweight). In women desiring pregnancy, commonly used ovulation induction therapies include weight loss, clomiphene citrate, and/or metformin. Cosmetic issues such as hirsutism, acne and male-pattern hair loss can be challenging to cope with. Treatment options include estrogen-containing hormonal contraceptive agents, antiandrogens, and topical agents. More permanent hair reduction can be achieved with electrolysis and laser therapy. Evaluation of metabolic complications includes risk assessment for diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Women with PCOS should also be screened for sleep apnea, as this has been reported to occur more commonly in women with PCOS. Finally, mental health issues such as depression and eating disorders may be present. Many of the complications associated with PCOS can be managed with therapeutic lifestyle change, including a healthy diet, exercise, weight loss (if overweight), and psychological support. Pharmacological therapies are also available to effectively regulate menstrual cycles and manage cosmetic complications. This article will review the current diagnostic and therapeutic strategies in PCOS.
Replacing smoking with vaping during pregnancy: Impacts on metabolic health in mice.; Smoking is a significant risk factor for the development of metabolic diseases. Due to social pressures to quit smoking, many pregnant women are vaping as an alternative nicotine source. However, the metabolic consequences of replacing tobacco cigarettes with e-cigarettes during pregnancy are unknown. Therefore, in the mothers and their offspring, we investigated the metabolic and hepatic impacts of replacing cigarette smoke with e-vapour during pregnancy. Female BALB/c mice were either air-exposed or cigarette smoke-exposed (SE) from six weeks before pregnancy until lactation. At mating, a subset of the SE mice were instead exposed to e-vapour. Markers of glucose and lipid metabolism were measured in the livers and plasma, from the mothers and their male offspring (13 weeks). In the SE mothers, plasma insulin levels were reduced, leading to downstream increases in hepatic gluconeogenesis and plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). In the e-vapour replacement mothers, these changes were not as significant. In the SE offspring, there was impaired glucose tolerance, and increased plasma NEFA and liver triglyceride concentrations. E-vapour replacement restored lipid homeostasis but did not improve glucose tolerance. Therefore, in a murine model, low dose e-cigarette replacement during pregnancy is less toxic than cigarette smoke.
Maternal overweight programs insulin and adiponectin signaling in the offspring.; Gestational exposure to maternal overweight (OW) influences the risk of obesity in adult life. Male offspring from OW dams gain greater body weight and fat mass and develop insulin resistance when fed high-fat diets (45% fat). In this report, we identify molecular targets of maternal OW-induced programming at postnatal d 21 before challenge with the high-fat diet. We conducted global transcriptome profiling, gene/protein expression analyses, and characterization of downstream signaling of insulin and adiponectin pathways in conjunction with endocrine and biochemical characterization. Offspring born to OW dams displayed increased serum insulin, leptin, and resistin levels (P < 0.05) at postnatal d 21 preceding changes in body composition. A lipogenic transcriptome signature in the liver, before development of obesity, was evident in OW-dam offspring. A coordinated locus of 20 sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1-regulated target genes was induced by maternal OW. Increased nuclear levels of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 and recruitment to the fatty acid synthase promoter were confirmed via ELISA and chromatin immunoprecipitation analyses, respectively. Higher fatty acid synthase and acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase protein and pAKT (Thr(308)) and phospho-insulin receptor-beta were confirmed via immunoblotting. Maternal OW also attenuated AMP kinase/peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha signaling in the offspring liver, including transcriptional down-regulation of several peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha-regulated genes. Hepatic mRNA and circulating fibroblast growth factor-21 levels were significantly lower in OW-dam offspring. Furthermore, serum levels of high-molecular-weight adiponectin (P < 0.05) were decreased in OW-dam offspring. Phosphorylation of hepatic AMP-kinase (Thr(172)) was significantly decreased in OW-dam offspring, along with lower AdipoR1 mRNA. Our results strongly suggest that gestational exposure to maternal obesity programs multiple aspects of energy-balance regulation in the offspring.
Prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide combined with pre- and postnatal high-fat diet result in lowered blood pressure and insulin resistance in offspring rats.; BACKGROUND: Adult metabolic syndrome may in part have origins in fetal or early life. This study was designed to explore the effect of prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide and high-fat diet on metabolic syndrome in offspring rats. METHODS: 32 pregnant rats were randomly divided into four groups, including Control group
Systems toxicogenomics of prenatal low-dose BPA exposure on liver metabolic pathways, gut microbiota, and metabolic health in mice.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is an industrial plasticizer widely found in consumer products, and exposure to BPA during early development has been associated with the prevalence of various cardiometabolic diseases including obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. To elucidate the molecular perturbations underlying the connection of low-dose prenatal BPA exposure to cardiometabolic diseases, we conducted a multi-dimensional systems biology study assessing the liver transcriptome, gut microbial community, and diverse metabolic phenotypes in both male and female mouse offspring exposed to 5 μg/kg/day BPA during gestation. Prenatal exposure to low-dose BPA not only significantly affected liver genes involved in oxidative phosphorylation, PPAR signaling and fatty acid metabolism, but also affected the gut microbial composition in an age- and sex-dependent manner. Bacteria such as those belonging to the S24-7 and Lachnospiraceae families were correlated with offspring phenotypes, differentially expressed liver metabolic genes such as Acadl and Dgat1, and key drivers identified in our gene network modeling such as Malat1 and Apoa2. This multiomics study provides insight into the relationship between gut bacteria and host liver genes that could contribute to cardiometabolic disease risks upon low-dose BPA exposure.
Folate treatment of pregnant rat dams abolishes metabolic effects in female offspring induced by a paternal pre-conception unhealthy diet.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Paternal high-fat diet prior to mating programmes impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring. We examined whether the metabolic consequences in offspring could be abolished by folate treatment of either the male rats before mating or the corresponding female rats during pregnancy. METHODS: Male F0 rats were fed either control diet or high-fat, high-sucrose and high-salt diet (HFSSD), with or without folate, before mating. Male rats were mated with control-diet-fed dams. After mating, the F0 dams were fed control diet with or without folate during pregnancy. RESULTS: Male, but not female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were heavier than those of control-diet-fed counterparts (p < 0.05 and p = 0.066 in males and females, respectively). Both male and female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were longer compared with control (p < 0.01 for both sexes). Folate treatment of the pregnant dams abolished the effect of the paternal diet on the offspring's body length (p ˂ 0.05). Female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders developed impaired glucose tolerance, which was restored by folate treatment of the dams during pregnancy. The beta cell density per pancreatic islet was decreased in offspring of HFSSD-fed rats (-20% in male and -15% in female F1 offspring, p ˂ 0.001 vs controls). Folate treatment significantly increased the beta cell density (4.3% and 3.3% after folate supplementation given to dams and founders, respectively, p ˂ 0.05 vs the offspring of HFSSD-fed male rats). Changes in liver connective tissue of female offspring of HFSSD-fed founders were ameliorated by treatment of dams with folate (p ˂ 0.01). Hepatic Ppara gene expression was upregulated in female offspring only (1.51-fold, p ˂ 0.05) and was restored in the female offspring by folate treatment (p ˂ 0.05). We observed an increase in hepatic Lcn2 and Tmcc2 expression in female offspring born to male rats exposed to an unhealthy diet during spermatogenesis before mating (p ˂ 0.05 vs controls). Folate treatment of the corresponding dams during pregnancy abolished this effect (p ˂ 0.05). Analysis of DNA methylation levels of CpG islands in the Ppara, Lcn2 and Tmcc2 promoter regions revealed that the paternal unhealthy diet induced alterations in the methylation pattern. These patterns were also affected by folate treatment. Total liver DNA methylation was increased by 1.52-fold in female offspring born to male rats on an unhealthy diet prior to mating (p ˂ 0.05). This effect was abolished by folate treatment during pregnancy (p ˂ 0.05 vs the offspring of HFSSD-fed male rats). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Folate treatment of pregnant dams restores effects on female offspring's glucose metabolism induced by pre-conception male founder HFSSD.
Effects on Fetal Metabolic Programming and Endocannabinoid System of a Normocaloric Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation of Female Mice with Pregestational Obesity.; Fetal programming provides explanatory mechanisms for the currently high prevalence of gestational obesity. The endocannabinoid system (ECS) participates in the regulation of energy balance, and with a high-fat diet (HFD), it is overactivated. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of a nutritional intervention during pregnancy and lactation on obese female progenitors, on metabolic alterations of the offspring and on the involvement of ECS. Female mice (C57/BL/6-F0), 45 days old, and their offspring (males) were separated according to type of diet before and during gestation and lactation: CON-F1: control diet
A Maternal High-Fat Diet Induces DNA Methylation Changes That Contribute to Glucose Intolerance in Offspring.; Scope: Overnutrition in utero is a critical contributor to the susceptibility of diabetes by programming, although the exact mechanism is not clear. In this paper, we aimed to study the long-term effect of a maternal high-fat (HF) diet on offspring through epigenetic modifications. Procedures: Five-week-old female C57BL6/J mice were fed a HF diet or control diet for 4 weeks before mating and throughout gestation and lactation. At postnatal week 3, pups continued to consume a HF or switched to a control diet for 5 weeks, resulting in four groups of offspring differing by their maternal and postweaning diets. Results: The maternal HF diet combined with the offspring HF diet caused hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in male pups. Even after changing to the control diet, male pups exposed to the maternal HF diet still exhibited hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance. The livers of pups exposed to a maternal HF diet had a hypermethylated insulin receptor substrate 2 (Irs2) gene and a hypomethylated mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 4 (Map2k4) gene. Correspondingly, the expression of the Irs2 gene decreased and that of Map2k4 increased in pups exposed to a maternal HF diet. Conclusion: Maternal overnutrition programs long-term epigenetic modifications, namely, Irs2 and Map2k4 gene methylation in the offspring liver, which in turn predisposes the offspring to diabetes later in life.
[Mechanisms of insulin resistance in pregnancy].; The causes of insulin resistance were studied in rats at late terms of pregnancy. A decrease in the sensitivity to insulin dependent incorporation of glucose in total lipids and CO2 of isolated fatty tissue of pregnant rats was shown. The maximum tissue reaction to insulin (reactivity) did not lessen indicating together with hyperinsulinemia after a glucose tolerance test and a rise of the activity of blood serum insulin-like growth factors the absence of postreceptor defects. An increase in the pregnant rats blood levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and lipoprotein atherogenic fractions was revealed. The latter in physiological concentrations made an inhibitory effect on respiration of liver and thyroid sections of intact rats. Together with the action of hormones of the fetoplacental system it was considered as one of the mechanisms of development of insulin resistance at late terms of pregnancy.
High Dietary Selenium Intake Alters Lipid Metabolism and Protein Synthesis in Liver and Muscle of Pigs.; BACKGROUND: Prolonged high intakes of dietary selenium have been shown to induce gestational diabetes in rats and hyperinsulinemia in pigs. OBJECTIVE: Two experiments were conducted to explore metabolic and molecular mechanisms for the diabetogenic potential of high dietary selenium intakes in pigs. METHODS: In Expt. 1, 16 Yorkshire-Landrace-Hampshire crossbred pigs (3 wk old, body weight = 7.5 ± 0.81 kg, 50% males and 50% females) were fed a corn-soybean meal basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 1.0 mg Se/kg (as selenium-enriched yeast for 6 wk). In Expt. 2, 12 pigs of the same crossbreed (6 wk old, body weight = 16.0 ± 1.8 kg) were fed a similar basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 3.0 mg Se/kg for 11 wk. Biochemical and gene and protein expression profiles of lipid and protein metabolism and selenoproteins in plasma, liver, muscle, and adipose tissues were analyzed. RESULTS: In Expt. 1, the 1-mg-Se/kg diet did not affect body weight or plasma concentrations of glucose and nonesterified fatty acids. In Expt. 2, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet, compared with the 0.3-mg-Se/kg diet, increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of plasma insulin (0.2 compared with 0.4 ng/mL), liver and adipose lipids (41% to 2.4-fold), and liver and muscle protein (10-14%). In liver, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet upregulated (P < 0.05) the expression, activity, or both of key factors related to gluconeogenesis [phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK)
Pregnancy-Related Acute Kidney Injury: Do We Know What to Do?; Pregnancy-related AKI is a global health problem and is associated with a higher risk of both maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Risk factors for developing AKI during pregnancy include older age, history of preeclampsia, and comorbidities like diabetes. Hyperemesis gravidarum is a common cause of AKI during the first trimester, and conditions such as preeclampsia, acute fatty liver disease of pregnancy, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, hemolytic uremic syndrome, and placental abruption are important causes of AKI later in the pregnancy. Diagnosis of pregnancy-related AKI is challenging due to the lack of standard criteria and overlap of clinical manifestations among different etiologies. Timely diagnosis of pregnancy-related AKI is instrumental. Specific treatment includes steroids and immunosuppressive therapy for glomerulonephritis, prompt delivery for severe preeclampsia and acute fatty liver of pregnancy, plasmapheresis for thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and eculizumab for the atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome. Due to the high complexity, management of pregnancy-related AKI should be performed by a multidisciplinary team consisting of a nephrologist, obstetrician, and neonatologist.
Maternal low protein diet in rats programmes fatty acid desaturase activities in the offspring.; Numerous studies show an association between poor fetal growth and adult insulin resistance. Recent studies have shown relation between the long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of skeletal muscle membranes and insulin sensitivity. More detailed analysis has indicated that the activity of delta5 desaturase is inversely correlated to insulin resistance. The amount of docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n3) is also thought to play a part in determining insulin sensitivity. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that early growth retardation in the rat, as a result of maternal protein restriction, would lead to alterations in desaturase activities similar to those observed in human insulin resistance. There were no differences in phospholipid fatty acid composition in liver or muscle from control and low protein rats. In both muscle and liver the ratio of docosahexaenoic acid to docosapentaenoic acid was, however, reduced in low protein offspring. Direct measurement of delta5 desaturase activity in hepatic microsomes showed a reduction (p < 0.03) in the low protein offspring which was negatively correlated (r = -0.855) with fasting plasma insulin. No correlation was observed in controls. These results show that it is possible to programme the activity of key enzymes involved in the desaturation of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. This is possibly a mechanism linking fetal growth retardation to insulin resistance.
Adult vaccination, part 2: vaccines for persons at high risk. Teaching Immunization for Medical Education (TIME) Project.; The morbidity and mortality from vaccine-preventable diseases are high among adults with underlying medical conditions. Influenza vaccination is recommended annually, optimally between October and mid-November, for all persons 50 years of age and older and those with cardiac disease with potential for altered hemodynamics, diabetes mellitus, immunocompromising conditions, pulmonary disease, or renal disease. This season, because of production delays, influenza vaccination campaigns are planned for November. Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccination is recommended for all persons 65 years and older and for those with alcoholism, asplenia, cardiac disease, cirrhosis, diabetes mellitus, immunocompromising conditions, pulmonary disease, or chronic renal disease. Indications for hepatitis B vaccination include chronic renal disease and hemodialysis, as well as employment in health care or employment as a mortician or public safety officer. It is also recommended for homosexual men, those who have multiple sex partners or a sexually transmitted disease, and injection drug users.
Neonatal Citrulline Supplementation and Later Exposure to a High Fructose Diet in Rats Born with a Low Birth Weight: A Preliminary Report.; A low birth weight (LBW) leads to a higher risk of metabolic syndrome in adulthood. Literature suggests that citrulline supplementation in adulthood prevents the effect of a high fructose diet on energy metabolism. Whether neonatal citrulline supplementation would alter early growth or energy metabolism in the long-term in rats with LBW is unknown. LBW pups born from dams fed a low (4%) protein diet, were nursed by normally-fed dams and received isonitrogenous supplements of either l-citrulline or l-alanine by gavage from the sixth day of life until weaning, and were subsequently exposed to 10%-fructose in drinking water from weaning to 90 days of age. The oral glucose tolerance was tested (OGTT) at 70 days of age, and rats were sacrificed at 90 days of age. Pre-weaning citrulline supplementation failed to alter the growth trajectory, OGTT, plasma triglycerides, or fat mass accretion in adulthood
Abdominal Obesity, Adipokines and Non-communicable Diseases.; Abdominal obesity may be defined as excess deposits of fat in the abdominal region. It is a common health condition seen in South Asians and is positively related to non-communicable diseases (NCDs). It is independent of body mass index and measured by raised waist circumference for men≥90 cm and women≥80 cm. The reason for its prevalence being common in Indians finds its root from pregnancy, during fetal period and has emerged as a concept of 'Thin Fat Indian'. Malnutrition in such a critical period of growth has consequences in the form of reduced basal metabolic rate (BMR), reduced blood flow to growing tissues, reduced functional ability of vital organs, endocrine changes and reduced capacity of primary adipose tissue. However, excess of visceral fat facilitates high dosage of adipokines in the portal vein to liver and other body tissues having serious implications seen in the form NCDs like diabetes, hypertension, heart diseases, non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases, kidney disorders, cancer and other health problems. Abdominal obesity should be addressed before it has progressed further to defined health issues by exercise and diet, so that people can live a quality life.
Calcium supplementation reverts central adiposity, leptin, and insulin resistance in adult offspring programed by neonatal nicotine exposure.; Obesity is a worldwide epidemic. Calcium influences energy metabolism regulation, causing body weight loss. Because maternal nicotine exposure during lactation programs for obesity, hyperleptinemia, insulin resistance (IR), and hypothyroidism, we decided to evaluate the possible effect of dietary calcium supplementation on these endocrine dysfunctions in this experimental model. Osmotic minipumps containing nicotine solution (N: 6 mg/kg per day for 14 days) or saline (C) were s.c. implanted in lactating rats 2 days after giving birth (P2). At P120, N and C offspring were subdivided into four groups: 1) C - standard diet
Maternal sucrose-rich diet and fetal programming: changes in hepatic lipogenic and oxidative enzymes and glucose homeostasis in adult offspring.; Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation (P + L) are often associated with offspring health risks. We investigated the effect of maternal exposure to a sucrose-rich diet (SRD) during P + L on glucose and lipid metabolism of adult offspring regardless of post-weaning diet. Dams were fed an SRD or a control diet (CD) during P + L. After weaning, male offspring from SRD and CD dams were divided into two groups and fed a CD or SRD until 150 days old forming CD-CD, CD-SRD, SRD-SRD and SRD-CD groups. Offspring where SRD was fed at any period of life showed: (1) increased adipose tissue weight without changes in the final body weight
Metabolic adaptation and reticuloruminal pH in periparturient dairy cows experiencing different lipolysis early postpartum.; Metabolic adaptation includes an array of concerted metabolic and endocrine events that enable dairy cows bridging the period of energy deficit at the onset of lactation. The present study evaluated metabolic, endocrine and reticuloruminal pH changes in 30 (25 Holstein and five Simmental) periparturient dairy cows experiencing variable lipolysis early postpartum. Cows were fed the same close-up and fresh lactation diets and kept in the same management conditions. Blood samples were collected at day 14, and day 4, relative to expected parturition, and at day 2, and day 21 postpartum, and serum metabolites and hormones related to glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as concentrations of several liver enzymes and acute phase proteins were determined. Additionally, reticuloruminal pH was monitored every 10 min over the last 3 days of the observation period. BW and milk yields were recorded and balances of energy and protein were assessed. Based on serum concentration of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) postpartum, cows were retrospectively classified into low (n=8), medium (n=11), and high (n=11) lipolysis groups, with NEFA levels of 0.7 mmol/l, respectively. Overall, elevated NEFA concentrations in the High group went along with a higher ratio of NEFA to cholesterol and reduced insulin sensitivity. While serum glucose, energy deficit and BW loss did not differ, cows of the High group exhibited increased lactate concentrations in the serum, compared with the Medium group. No differences in liver enzymes and acute phase proteins were evidenced among fat mobilization groups, whereas concentration of serum billirubin was lowest in the Low group after parturition. Data of milk yield and milk energy output showed no differences among groups, despite divergences in calculated energy balance and BW change postpartum. Cows of the Low group tended to increase dry matter intake but also showed longer time duration of pH below 6.0 in the reticulorumen (on average 299 min/day compared with 99 and 91 min/day for Medium and High groups, respectively). Differences in metabolic, endocrine and reticuloruminal pH responses indicate diverse metabolic adaptation strategies of early-lactation cows to cope with energy deficit postpartum.
PPAR signaling pathway is a key modulator of liver proteome in pups born to vitamin B(12) deficient rats.; Maternal nutritional deficiency in-utero is known to predict risk of complex disorders like cardiovascular disease, diabetes and many neurological disorders in the offspring and vitamin B12 is one such critical micronutrient. Here we performed 2D-DIGE followed by MALDI TOF/TOF analysis to identify proteins that are differentially expressed in liver of pups born to mothers fed vitamin B12 deficient diet vis-à-vis control diet. To further establish causality, we analyzed the effect of B12 rehabilitation at parturition on the protein levels and the phenotype in pups. We identified 38 differentially expressed proteins that were enriched in pathways involved in the regulation of amino acid, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. Further, three enzymes in the β-oxidation pathway (hydroxyacyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase, medium-chain specific acyl-CoA dehydrogenase, 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase) were down-regulated in pups born to mothers fed vitamin B12 deficient diet. We observed age-dependent differential expression of peroxisome proliferator activated-receptor (PPAR) α and γ in the deficient pups. Interestingly, expression of 27 proteins that were differentially expressed was restored to the control levels after rehabilitation of female rats with vitamin B12 from parturition. Our study thus provides the first evidence that maternal vitamin B12 deficiency influences lipid and other micronutrient metabolism in pups through regulation of PPAR signaling pathway. BIOLOGICAL SIGNIFICANCE: Maternal vitamin B12 deficiency has been shown to predict the onset of complex disorders like atherosclerosis, type II diabetes etc. in the next generation during their adulthood. We have shown earlier that pups born to female rats fed with vitamin B12 deficient diet were obese and developed high levels of other intermediate traits such as triglycerides, cholesterol etc. that are related to the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. In this piece of work using differential proteomic approach we have identified the altered metabolic processes in the liver of vitamin B12 deficient pups. We have also documented that the proteins involved in β-oxidation pathway are down-regulated. Further, differential expression of PPARα and PPARγ was evidently documented as the master regulator for the alteration of lipid, amino acid and carbohydrate metabolism during maternal vitamin B12 deficiency.
Effects of triphenyl phosphate exposure during fetal development on obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult mice: Impaired lipid metabolism and intestinal dysbiosis.; Previous in vitro studies have implied that triphenyl phosphate (TPHP) may act as an obesogen. However, its specific contributions to the progression of obesity and related metabolic diseases are still unclear in vivo in mice. In this study, we evaluated the effects of in utero and lactational exposure to three doses of TPHP (10, 100, and 1000 μg/kg BW) on obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult male mice fed a low-fat diet (LFD) or high-fat diet (HFD), by examining body weight, liver weight, histopathology, blood biochemistry, gene expression, and gut microbiota compositions and metabolic functions. Results showed that TPHP exposure led to increased body weight, liver weight, fat mass, hepatic steatosis, impaired glucose homeostasis, and insulin resistance, and mRNA levels of genes involved in lipid metabolism, especially lipogenesis and lipid accumulation, were significantly altered by TPHP treatment. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) analysis further supported the changes in fatty acid composition. Intestinal flora measurements by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and (1)H NMR based fecal metabolomics indicated that TPHP treatment modulated gut microbiome composition and influenced host-gut co-metabolism, especially for bile acids and short chain fatty acids (SCFAs). These results suggest that fetal exposure to TPHP can promote the development of obesity and metabolic dysfunctions in adult mice.
Prenatal nicotine exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring rats fed high-fat diet via alteration of HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming.; AIM: Prenatal nicotine exposure (PNE) alters the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming in intrauterine growth retardation offspring rats. In this study we aimed to clarify the susceptibility to metabolic diseases of PNE offspring rats fed a high-fat diet. METHODS: Maternal Wistar rats were injected with nicotine (1.0 mg/kg, sc) twice per day from gestational day 11 until full-term delivery, and all pups were fed a high-fat diet after weaning and exposed to unpredictable chronic stress (UCS) during postnatal weeks 18-20. Blood samples were collected before and after chronic stress, and serum ACTH, corticosterone, glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acids levels were measured. The hypothalamus, pituitary gland and liver were dissected for histological studies. RESULTS: UCS significantly increased the serum ACTH, corticosterone and insulin levels as well as the insulin resistant index without changing the serum glucose, total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acids levels in adult offspring rats without PNE. The body weight of PNE offspring rats presented a typical "catch-up" growth pattern. PNE not only aggravated the UCS-induced changes in the HPA axis programmed alteration (caused further increases in the serum ACTH and corticosterone levels), but also significantly changed the glucose and lipid metabolism after UCS (caused further increases in the serum glucose level and insulin resistant index, and decrease in the serum free fatty acids). The effects of PNE on the above indexes after UCS showed gender differences. Pathological studies revealed that PNE led to plenty of lipid droplets in multiple organs. CONCLUSION: PNE enhances not only the HPA axis, but also the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult offspring rats fed a high-fat diet after UCS in a gender-specific manner and enhances the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult offspring rats fed a high-fat diet.
Maternal high fat diets: impacts on offspring obesity and epigenetic hypothalamic programming.; Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy is associated with rapid weight gain and fetal fat mass increase at an early stage. Also, HFD during pregnancy can cause the activation of proinflammatory cytokines. Maternal insulin resistance and inflammation lead to increased adipose tissue lipolysis, and also increased free fatty acid (FFA) intake during pregnancy (˃35% of energy from fat) cause a significant increase in FFA levels in the fetus. However, both maternal insulin resistance and HFD have detrimental effects on adiposity in early life. As a result of these metabolic alterations, excess fetal lipid exposure may affect fetal growth and development. On the other hand, increase in blood lipids and inflammation can adversely affect the development of the liver, adipose tissue, brain, skeletal muscle, and pancreas in the fetus, increasing the risk for metabolic disorders. In addition, maternal HFD is associated with changes in the hypothalamic regulation of body weight and energy homeostasis by altering the expression of the leptin receptor, POMC, and neuropeptide Y in the offspring, as well as altering methylation and gene expression of dopamine and opioid-related genes which cause changes in eating behavior. All these maternal metabolic and epigenetic changes may contribute to the childhood obesity epidemic through fetal metabolic programming. Dietary interventions, such as limiting dietary fat intake <35% with appropriate fatty acid intake during the gestation period are the most effective type of intervention to improve the maternal metabolic environment during pregnancy. Appropriate nutritional intake during pregnancy should be the principal goal in reducing the risks of obesity and metabolic disorders.
Beneficial and cautionary outcomes of resveratrol supplementation in pregnant nonhuman primates.; Resveratrol has been proposed as a potential therapeutic to improve metabolic health during pregnancy, yet little is known about the fetal effects of this maternal dietary supplement. We hypothesized that when administered to pregnant nonhuman primates (NHPs), resveratrol would increase uterine blood flow and mitigate the harmful consequences of maternal Western-style diet (WSD) consumption. NHPs were fed a WSD (36% fat) supplemented with 0.37% resveratrol throughout pregnancy. Outcomes were compared with cohorts fed WSD alone and control chow (14% fat) to distinguish between WSD and resveratrol-specific effects in these animals. In the early third trimester, uterine blood flow was measured by Doppler ultrasound before fetal delivery and tissue collection. Resveratrol resulted in 30% maternal weight loss and improved glucose tolerance, increased uterine artery volume blood flow, and decreased placental inflammation and liver triglyceride deposition. In addition, fetal pancreatic mass was enlarged by 42%, with a 12-fold increase in proliferation by Ki67 immunohistochemistry. These results demonstrate that resveratrol use during pregnancy yields improvements in maternal and placental phenotype with beneficial effects in the fetal liver but an unexplained and concerning alteration in fetal pancreatic development, which strongly cautions against the use of resveratrol by pregnant women.
Perinatal nutrient restriction induces long-lasting alterations in the circadian expression pattern of genes regulating food intake and energy metabolism.; OBJECTIVE: Several lines of evidence indicate that nutrient restriction during perinatal development sensitizes the offspring to the development of obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease in adulthood via the programming of hyperphagia and reduced energy expenditure. Given the link between the circadian clock and energy metabolism, and the resetting action of food on the circadian clock, in this study, we have investigated whether perinatal undernutrition affects the circadian expression rhythms of genes regulating food intake in the hypothalamus and energy metabolism in the liver. DESIGN: Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were fed ad libitum either a control (20% protein) or a low-protein (8% protein) diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. At weaning, pups received a standard diet and at 17 and 35 days of age, their daily patterns of gene expression were analyzed by real-time quantitative PCR experiments. RESULTS: 17-day-old pups exposed to perinatal undernutrition exhibited significant alterations in the circadian expression profile of the transcripts encoding diverse genes regulating food intake, the metabolic enzymes fatty acid synthase and glucokinase as well as the clock genes BMAL1 and Period1. These effects persisted after weaning, were associated with hyperphagia and mirrored the results of the behavioral analysis of feeding. Thus, perinatally undernourished rats exhibited an increased hypothalamic expression of the orexigenic peptides agouti-related protein and neuropeptide Y. Conversely, the mRNA levels of the anorexigenic peptides pro-opiomelanocortin and cocaine and amphetamine-related transcripts were decreased. CONCLUSION: These observations indicate that the circadian clock undergoes nutritional programming. The programming of the circadian clock may contribute to the alterations in feeding and energy metabolism associated with malnutrition in early life, which might promote the development of metabolic disorders in adulthood.
Lifetime Exposure to a Constant Environment Amplifies the Impact of a Fructose-Rich Diet on Glucose Homeostasis during Pregnancy.; The need to refine rodent models of human-related disease is now being recognized, in particular the rearing environment that can profoundly modulate metabolic regulation. Most studies on pregnancy and fetal development purchase and transport young females into the research facility, which after a short period of acclimation are investigated (Gen0). We demonstrate that female offspring (Gen1) show an exaggerated hyperinsulinemic response to pregnancy when fed a standard diet and with high fructose intake, which continues throughout pregnancy. Markers of maternal hepatic metabolism were differentially influenced, as the gene expression of acetyl-CoA-carboxylase was raised in Gen1 given fructose and controls, whereas glucose transporter 5 and fatty acid synthase expression were only raised with fructose. Gen1 rats weighed more than Gen0 throughout the study, although fructose feeding raised the percent body fat but not body weight. We show that long-term habituation to the living environment has a profound impact on the animal's metabolic responses to nutritional intervention and pregnancy. This has important implications for interpreting many studies investigating the influence of maternal consumption of fructose on pregnancy outcomes and offspring to date.
Englitazone administration to late pregnant rats produces delayed body growth and insulin resistance in their fetuses and neonates.; The level of maternal circulating triacylglycerols during late pregnancy has been correlated with the mass of newborns. PPARgamma (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor gamma) ligands, such as TZDs (thiazolidinediones), have been shown to reduce triacylglycerolaemia and have also been implicated in the inhibition of tissue growth and the promotion of cell differentiation. Therefore TZDs might control cell proliferation during late fetal development and, by extension, body mass of pups. To investigate the response to EZ (englitazone), a TZD, on perinatal development, 0 or 50 mg of englitazone/kg of body mass was given as an oral dose to pregnant rats daily from day 16 of gestation until either day 20 for the study of their fetuses, or until day 21 of gestation for the study of neonates. EZ decreased maternal triacylglycerol levels at day 20 of gestation and neonatal mass, but not fetal mass. Fetuses and neonates from EZ-treated mothers exhibited high levels of insulin and were found to be hyperglycaemic. The apparent insulin-resistant state in neonates from EZ-treated pregnant rats was corroborated, since they showed higher plasma NEFA [non-esterified ('free') fatty acid] levels, ketonaemia and liver LPL (lipoprotein lipase) activity and lower plasma IGF-I (type 1 insulin-like growth factor) levels, in comparison with those from control mothers. Moreover, at the molecular level, an increase in Akt phosphorylation was found in the liver of neonates from EZ-treated mothers, which confirms that the insulin pathway was negatively affected. Thus the response of fetuses and neonates to maternal antidiabetic drug treatment is the opposite of what would be expected, and can be justified by the scarce amount of adipose tissue impeding a normal response to PPARgamma ligands and by hyperinsulinaemia as being responsible for a major insulin-resistant condition.
Sex dimorphism in late gestational sleep fragmentation and metabolic dysfunction in offspring mice.; BACKGROUND: Excessive sleep fragmentation (SF) is common in pregnant women. Adult-onset metabolic disorders may begin during early development and exhibit substantial sex dimorphism. We hypothesized that metabolic dysfunction induced by gestational SF in male mice would not be apparent in female littermates. METHODS: Body weight and food consumption were measured weekly in male and female offspring after late gestational SF or control sleep (SC). At 20 weeks, plasma leptin, adiponectin, lipid profiles, and insulin and glucose tolerance tests were assessed. Leptin and adiponectin, M1, and M2 macrophage messenger RNA expression and polarity were examined. Adiponectin gene promoter methylation levels in several tissues were assessed. RESULTS: Food intake, body weight, visceral fat mass, and insulin resistance were higher, and adiponectin levels lower in male but not female offspring exposed to gestational SF. However, dyslipidemia was apparent in both male and female offspring exposed to SF, albeit of lesser magnitude. In visceral fat, leptin messenger RNA expression was selectively increased and adiponectin expression was decreased in male offspring exposed to gestational SF, but adiponectin was increased in exposed female offspring. Differences in adipokine expression also emerged in liver, subcutaneous fat, and muscle. Increased M1 macrophage markers were present in male offspring exposed to SF (SFOM) while increased M2 markers emerged in SF in female offspring (SFOF). Similarly, significant differences emerged in the methylation patterns of adiponectin promoter in SFOM and SFOF. CONCLUSION: Gestational sleep fragmentation increases the susceptibility to obesity and metabolic syndrome in male but not in female offspring, most likely via epigenetic changes. Thus, sleep perturbations impose long-term detrimental effects to the fetus manifesting as sex dimorphic metabolic dysfunction in adulthood.
Maternal Hepatitis B Virus or Hepatitis C Virus Carrier Status and Long-Term Endocrine Morbidity of the Offspring-A Population-Based Cohort Study.; This study aimed to investigate the long-term effect of maternal hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) carrier status on offspring endocrine morbidity. A population-based cohort study included all singleton deliveries between the years 1991-2014 at the Soroka University Medical Center, Beer-Sheva, Southern Israel. The mothers were subdivided into three groups, HBV carriers, HCV carriers and non-carriers. Data regarding the long-term endocrine morbidity of their offspring were compared between the groups. The study included 242,905 (99.7%) non-carrying mothers, 591 (0.2%) mothers who were carriers for HBV and 186 (0.1%) mothers who were carriers for HCV. The Kaplan-Meier's survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative endocrine morbidity in children born to mothers with HCV (log-rank test, p = 0.002). Specifically, higher rates of hypoglycemia were noted among the offspring born to mothers who were carriers of HCV (1.1%
The preconception health status of nongravid women aged 18 to 45 years in Arima, Trinidad: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Preconception care (PCC) is the term used for activities and interventions designed to address and prevent problems related to pregnancy, the neonatal period and childhood. This study assessed maternal health status prior to conception in Trinidad by means of a screening tool, physical measurements, and laboratory samples. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among women aged 18-45 years at a primary care centre in Arima, Trinidad. A de novo PCC screening tool was used to assess 13 domains of high-risk pregnancy in participants. These domains included dietary details, gynaecological and obstetric histories, and genetic and vaccination histories, among others. Blood pressure, weight, height, and waist circumference were recorded, and a capillary blood sample was used to determine random blood glucose and HbA1c levels. All data were coded and entered into SPSS ver. 21. RESULTS: A total of 400 nongravid participants were recruited, of whom 366 were included in the final analysis. Most (96.7%) had one or more risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These included overweight (27%), obesity (35%), central obesity (69.4%), and impaired glucose tolerance/diabetes mellitus (IGT/DM) (26.2%). Additionally, a sedentary lifestyle and diet high in processed food/fats were self-reported by 74.9% and 88.8% of participants, respectively. Only 13.1% had planned to conceive, and of those who had no immediate plans to conceive, 76.4% were currently sexually active, and many (60.7%) did not use birth control techniques. More than half (57.1%) had never had a pap smear. On the other hand, 86.3% knew their HIV status. Self-reported percentages for vaccination were as follows: MMR (100%), tetanus (17.5%), hepatitis B (11.5%) and influenza (2.7%). The majority (82.8%) of participants had not visited the dentist in the past year, with 35.9% of these individuals reporting symptoms of periodontitis. Segments of the population had multiple risk factors
Case Report:Pregnancy and birth in a mild phenotype of Alström syndrome.; Background: Alström syndrome (AS) is an ultrarare multisystemic progressive disease caused by autosomal recessive variations of the ALMS1 gene (2p13). AS is characterized by double sensory impairment, cardiomyopathy, childhood obesity, extreme insulin resistance, early nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, renal dysfunction, respiratory disease, endocrine and urologic disorders. In female AS patients, hyperandrogenism has been described but fertility issues and conception have not been investigated so far. Case: This case report describes the spontaneous conception, pregnancy, and birth in a 27-year-old woman with AS, characterized by a mild phenotype with late onset of visual impairment, residual perception of light, and hypertension. Before pregnancy, menses were regular with increased levels of dihydrotestosterone and androstanediol glucuronide in the follicular phase, and the ovaries and endometrium were normal during vaginal ultrasound. A thorough clinical follow-up of the maternal and fetal conditions was carried out. A weight gain of 10 kg during pregnancy was recorded, and serial blood and urine tests were all within the normal range, except for mild anemia. The course of pregnancy was uneventful up to 34 weeks of gestation when preeclampsia developed with an abnormally high level of blood pressure and edema in the lower limbs. At 35 weeks + 3 days of gestation, an urgent cesarean section was performed, and a healthy male weighing 1,950 g was born. Histological examination of the placenta showed partial signs of flow obstruction, limited abruption areas, congested fetal vessels and villi, and a small single infarcted area. Conclusion: The present case demonstrates for the first time that conceiving is possible for patients with ALMS. Particular attention should be given to the management of AS systemic comorbidities through the course of pregnancy.
Placental function in maternal-fetal fat transport in diabetes.; High levels of triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA) in maternal plasma, in diabetes, promote fat passage to the fetus. In the streptozotocin-diabetic rat a significant correlation exists between maternal plasma and fetal tissue lipid contents, as shown by the accretion of labeled fatty acids or linoleate used as markers of maternal fat transfer. The passage of lipids through the placenta is not direct--this organ serves as an interim storage barrier with its lipid content increasing in proportion to the maternal TG and FFA level. Very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) TG are taken up with the aid of lipoprotein lipase as evident from TG = glycerol exchange when doubly labeled VLDL-TG are presented to the placenta. Esterification rate of albumin-bound FFA is considerably higher indicating that the rate of TG lipolysis is rate limiting and that the FFA are the main precursor of the placental lipids. The uptake of both FFA and VLDL-TG is associated with the retention of a substantial amount of FFA in the placenta. The size of the FFA pool corresponds to the size of the extracellular fluid space. The FFA cannot be eluted by repeated washing, suggesting that they are membrane bound. Placental slices with prelabeled TG gradually release FFA into the medium upon reincubation with FFA-free albumin, indicating that TG and FFA traverse the placenta in part by a sequential process of esterification and lipolysis and in part by diffusion as FFA. The latter are probably moving from the maternal to the fetal side within the interfacial capillary membrane lipids.
Long-term changes in the diurnal temporal regulation and set points of metabolic parameters associated with chronic maternal overnutrition in rabbits.; Metabolic syndrome (MS) and obesity have become a worldwide epidemic with an alarming prevalence in women of reproductive age. Maternal metabolic condition is considered a risk factor for adverse birth outcomes and long-term MS. In this study, we developed a rabbit model of maternal overnutrition via the chronic intake of a high-fat and carbohydrate diet (HFCD), and we determined the effects of this diet on maternal metabolism and offspring metabolic set points and temporal metabolic regulation in adult life. Before and during pregnancy, the female rabbits that consumed the HFCD exhibited significant changes in body weight, serum levels of analytes associated with carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, levels of liver and kidney damage markers, and liver histology. Our data suggest that rabbits are a valuable model for studying the development of MS associated with the chronic intake of unbalanced diets and fetal metabolic programming. Furthermore, the offspring of overnourished dams exhibited considerable changes in 24-h serum metabolite profiles in adulthood, with notable sexual dimorphism. These data suggest that maternal nutritional conditions due to the chronic intake of an HFCD adversely impact key elements related to the development of circadian rhythmicity in offspring.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Maternal overnutrition previous and during pregnancy leads to long-term changes in the 24-h regulation and setpoint of metabolic profiles of the offspring.
Fetal and neonatal exposure to AZT and low-protein diet affects glucose homeostasis: a model with implications for AIDS prevention.; Zidovudine (AZT) lowers the perinatal transmission of HIV but can impair mitochondrial function by depleting mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). AZT therapy and perinatal nutritional deprivation affect the body fat distribution, which influences glucose tolerance. We sought to model intrauterine exposure to AZT in humans to determine whether it interacts with low-protein diet (LPD) to impact on birth weight and glucose homeostasis in the offspring. Pregnant dams and their offspring were given AZT, an LPD, or AZT and an LPD (LPD + AZT). AZT reduced mtDNA copy number in liver and birth weight in the offspring and increased their fasting glucose and insulin (P = 0.021, 0.03, 0.001, and 0.011 respectively) at 6-8 wk of age. LPD decreased litter size and birth weight (P = 0.01 and 0.012). In the LPD + AZT group, birth weight and litter size were reduced compared with untreated controls, and fasting blood glucose and insulin were raised. There was a significant interaction between LPD and AZT on fasting insulin levels (P = 0.025). Islet size was not significantly affected, but the mean beta-cell area/islet was reduced in the LPD + AZT group compared with controls (P < 0.05). Early exposure to AZT interacts with LPD to impair fetal development in this model. This combination appeared to impair the supply of insulin and, hence, glucose homeostasis, perhaps as a result of impaired mitochondrial function. Although it is not certain that this can be extrapolated to humans, maternal nutritional deprivation combined with AIDS therapy could influence both birth weight and onset of diabetes.
Body Fat-Reducing Effects of Whey Protein Diet in Male Mice.; This study investigated the mechanism of reducing body fat via whey protein diet. Pregnant mice were fed whey or casein, and their offspring were fed by birth mothers. After weaning at 4 weeks, male pups received the diets administered to their birth mothers (n = 6 per group). At 12 weeks of age, body weight, fat mass, fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin (IRI), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), cholesterol (Cho), triglyceride (TG), the expression levels of lipid metabolism-related genes in liver tissues and metabolomic data of fat tissues were measured and compared between the groups. The birth weights of pups born were similar in the two groups. Compared to the pups in the casein group, at 12 weeks of age, pups in the whey group weighed less, had significantly lower fat mass, HOMA-IR and TG levels (p < 0.01, p = 0.02, p = 0.01, respectively), and significantly higher levels of the antioxidant glutathione and the anti-inflammatory 1-methylnicotinamide in fat tissues (p < 0.01, p = 0.04, respectively). No differences were observed in FBG, IRI, Cho levels (p = 0.75, p = 0.07, p = 0.63, respectively) and expression levels of lipid metabolism-related genes. Whey protein has more antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties than casein protein, which may be its mechanism for reducing body fat.
Gestational low dietary protein induces intrauterine inflammation and alters the programming of adiposity and insulin sensitivity in the adult offspring.; Malnutrition associated with low dietary protein can induce gestational inflammation and sets a long-lasting metabolic impact on the offspring even after replenishment. The work investigated whether a low-protein diet (LPD) during pregnancy and lactation induces intrauterine inflammation and predisposes offspring to adiposity and insulin resistance in their adult life. Female Golden Syrian hamsters were fed LPD (10.0% energy from protein) or a control diet (CD, 20.0 % energy from protein) from preconception until lactation. All pups were switched to CD after lactation and continued until the end. Maternal LPD increased intrauterine inflammation by enhancing neutrophil infiltration, amniotic hsCRP, oxidative stress, and mRNA expression of NFκβ, IL8, COX2, and TGFβ in the chorioamniotic membrane (P<.05). The prepregnancy body weight, placental, and fetal weights, serum AST and ALT were decreased, while blood platelets, lymphocytes, insulin, and HDL were significantly increased in LPD-fed dams (P<.05). A postnatal switch to an adequate protein could not prevent hyperlipidemia in the 6-months LPD/CD offspring. The lipid profile and liver functions were restored over 10 months of protein feeding but failed to normalize fasting glucose and body fat accumulation compared to CD/CD. LPD/CD showed elevated GLUT4 expression & activated pIRS1 in the skeletal muscle and increased expression of IL6, IL1β, and p65-NFκB proteins in the liver (P<.05). In conclusion, present data suggest that maternal protein restriction may induce intrauterine inflammation and affect liver inflammation in the adult offspring by an influx of fats from adipose that may alter lipid metabolism and reduce insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle.
Influence of exogenous growth hormone and gestational diet on sow blood and milk characteristics and on baby pig blood, body composition and performance.; Sows (14) and gilts (6) were used in a 2 X 2 factorial experiment to evaluate the effect of diet and highly purified porcine growth hormone (pGH) on sow metabolic status and baby pig survival parameters. Injections were 10 mg/d pGH (GH) or sham control (SH). Diets consisted of a glucose-fat energy source (GF) or control (C). Treatments were administered the last 21 d before parturition (P). Serum GH concentrations were significantly elevated on d -19 P and d -4 P in sows receiving GH injections. Significantly elevated serum glucose and insulin concentrations were concomitantly observed in GH-treated sows, suggesting that the animals had developed a state of insulin resistance. Serum free fatty acids (FFA) were greater (P less than .01) on d -19 P for sows fed the GF diet. Fasted pigs from GH-C dams had greater (P less than .06) mean serum glucose concentrations than pigs from SH-C, SH-GF or GH-GF dams. Pigs from GH-injected sows had more (P less than .01) total body lipids at birth and tended to have increased mean FFA concentrations when compared to SH pigs. However, birth weight, number born live, number born dead, number that died and survival to 21 d were not affected by dam's injection or dietary treatment. Growth hormone injections resulted in a diabetogenic state in gestating sows and led to improved traits related to baby pig blood glucose homeostasis, including increased blood glucose, increased body lipids and a tendency toward increased liver glycogen concentrations. Injection X diet interactions indicate that dietary energy source should be regarded in future growth hormone experiments.
Antioxidant Effects of N-Acetylcysteine Prevent Programmed Metabolic Disease in Mice.; An adverse maternal in utero and lactation environment can program offspring for increased risk for metabolic disease. The aim of this study was to determine whether N-acetylcysteine (NAC), an anti-inflammatory antioxidant, attenuates programmed susceptibility to obesity and insulin resistance in offspring of mothers on a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy. CD1 female mice were acutely fed a standard breeding chow or HFD. NAC was added to the drinking water (1 g/kg) of the treatment cohorts from embryonic day 0.5 until the end of lactation. NAC treatment normalized HFD-induced maternal weight gain and oxidative stress, improved the maternal lipidome, and prevented maternal leptin resistance. These favorable changes in the in utero environment normalized postnatal growth, decreased white adipose tissue (WAT) and hepatic fat, improved glucose and insulin tolerance and antioxidant capacity, reduced leptin and insulin, and increased adiponectin in HFD offspring. The lifelong metabolic improvements in the offspring were accompanied by reductions in proinflammatory gene expression in liver and WAT and increased thermogenic gene expression in brown adipose tissue. These results, for the first time, provide a mechanistic rationale for how NAC can prevent the onset of metabolic disease in the offspring of mothers who consume a typical Western HFD.
Thermoneutral Housing Enables Studies of Vertical Transmission of Obesogenic Diet-Driven Metabolic Diseases.; Vertical transmission of obesity is a critical contributor to the unabated obesity pandemic and the associated surge in metabolic diseases. Existing experimental models insufficiently recapitulate "human-like" obesity phenotypes, limiting the discovery of how severe obesity in pregnancy instructs vertical transmission of obesity. Here, via utility of thermoneutral housing and obesogenic diet feeding coupled to syngeneic mating of WT obese female and lean male mice on a C57BL/6 background, we present a tractable, more "human-like" approach to specifically investigate how maternal obesity contributes to offspring health. Using this model, we found that maternal obesity decreased neonatal survival, increased offspring adiposity, and accelerated offspring predisposition to obesity and metabolic disease. We also show that severe maternal obesity was sufficient to skew offspring microbiome and create a proinflammatory gestational environment that correlated with inflammatory changes in the offspring in utero and adulthood. Analysis of a human birth cohort study of mothers with and without obesity and their infants was consistent with mouse study findings of maternal inflammation and offspring weight gain propensity. Together, our results show that dietary induction of obesity in female mice coupled to thermoneutral housing can be used for future mechanistic interrogations of obesity and metabolic disease in pregnancy and vertical transmission of pathogenic traits.
Sex differences in metabolic regulation and diabetes susceptibility.; Gender and biological sex impact the pathogenesis of numerous diseases, including metabolic disorders such as diabetes. In most parts of the world, diabetes is more prevalent in men than in women, especially in middle-aged populations. In line with this, considering almost all animal models, males are more likely to develop obesity, insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia than females in response to nutritional challenges. As summarised in this review, it is now obvious that many aspects of energy balance and glucose metabolism are regulated differently in males and females and influence their predisposition to type 2 diabetes. During their reproductive life, women exhibit specificities in energy partitioning as compared with men, with carbohydrate and lipid utilisation as fuel sources that favour energy storage in subcutaneous adipose tissues and preserve them from visceral and ectopic fat accumulation. Insulin sensitivity is higher in women, who are also characterised by higher capacities for insulin secretion and incretin responses than men
Glucose transporter protein responses to selective hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia in fetal sheep.; The acute effect of selective hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia on late gestation fetal ovine glucose transporter protein (GLUT-1, GLUT-3, and GLUT-4) concentrations was examined in insulin-insensitive (brain and liver) and insulin-sensitive (myocardium and fat) tissues at 1, 2.5, and 24 h. Hyperglycemia with euinsulinemia caused a two- to threefold increase in brain GLUT-3, liver GLUT-1, and myocardial GLUT-1 concentrations only at 1 h. There was no change in GLUT-4 protein amounts at any time during the selective hyperglycemia. In contrast, selective hyperinsulinemia with euglycemia led to an immediate and persistent twofold increase in liver GLUT-1, which lasted from 1 until 24 h with a concomitant decline in myocardial tissue GLUT-4 amounts, reaching statistical significance at 24 h. No other significant change in response to hyperinsulinemia was noted in any of the other isoforms in any of the other tissues. Simultaneous assessment of total fetal glucose utilization rate (GURf) during selective hyperglycemia demonstrated a transient 40% increase at 1 and 2.5 h, corresponding temporally with a transient increase in brain GLUT-3 and liver and myocardial GLUT-1 protein amounts. In contrast, selective hyperinsulinemia led to a sustained increase in GURf, corresponding temporally with the persistent increase in hepatic GLUT-1 concentrations. We conclude that excess substrate acutely increases GURf associated with an increase in various tissues of the transporter isoforms GLUT-1 and GLUT-3 that mediate fetal basal glucose transport without an effect on the GLUT-4 isoform that mediates insulin action. This contrasts with the tissue-specific effects of selective hyperinsulinemia with a sustained increase in GURf associated with a sustained increase in hepatic basal glucose transporter (GLUT-1) amounts and a myocardial-specific emergence of mild insulin resistance associated with a downregulation of GLUT-4.
The therapeutic potential of miRNAs regulated in settings of physiological cardiac hypertrophy.; Cardiac hypertrophy is broadly defined as an increase in heart mass. Heart enlargement in a setting of cardiac disease is referred to as pathological hypertrophy and often progresses to heart failure. Physiological hypertrophy refers to heart growth in response to postnatal development, exercise training and pregnancy, and is an adaptive response associated with the activation of cardioprotective signaling cascades. miRNAs have emerged as novel therapeutic targets for numerous pathologies, and miRNA-based therapies have already entered clinical trials. The identification of miRNAs differentially regulated during physiological growth may open up new therapeutic approaches for heart failure. In this review, we present information on miRNAs regulated in models of physiological hypertrophy, describe preclinical cardiac disease studies that have successfully targeted miRNAs regulated in settings of physiological growth (miR-34, miR-15, miR-199b, miR-208a and miR-378), and discuss challenges to overcome for the safe entry of miRNA-based therapies into the clinic for heart failure patients.
Inulin Supplementation Lowered the Metabolic Defects of Prolonged Exposure to Chlorpyrifos from Gestation to Young Adult Stage in Offspring Rats.; Increasing evidence indicates that chlorpyrifos (CPF), an organophosphorus insecticide, is involved in metabolic disorders. We assess the hypothesis whether supplementation with prebiotics from gestation to adulthood, through a modulation of microbiota composition and fermentative activity, alleviates CPF induced metabolic disorders of 60 days old offspring. 5 groups of Wistar rats, from gestation until weaning, received two doses of CPF pesticide: 1 mg/kg/day (CPF1) or 3.5 mg/kg/day (CPF3.5) with free access to inulin (10g/L in drinking water). Then male pups received the same treatment as dams. Metabolic profile, leptin sensitivity, insulin receptor (IR) expression in liver, gut microbiota composition and short chain fatty acid composition (SCFAs) in the colon, were analyzed at postnatal day 60 in the offspring (PND 60). CPF3.5 increased offspring's birth body weight (BW) but decreased BW at PND60. Inulin supplementation restored the BW at PND 60 to control levels. Hyperinsulinemia and decrease in insulin receptor β in liver were seen in CPF1 exposed rats. In contrast, hyperglycemia and decrease in insulin level were found in CPF3.5 rats. Inulin restored the levels of some metabolic parameters in CPF groups to ranges comparable with the controls. The total bacterial population, short chain fatty acid (SCFA) production and butyrate levels were enhanced in CPF groups receiving inulin. Our data indicate that developmental exposure to CPF interferes with metabolism with dose related effects evident at adulthood. By modulating microbiota population and fermentative activity, inulin corrected adult metabolic disorders of rats exposed to CPF during development. Prebiotics supply may be thus considered as a novel nutritional strategy to counteract insulin resistance and diabetes induced by a continuous pesticide exposure.
Placental growth factor (PlGF) is linked to inflammation and metabolic disorders in mice with diet-induced obesity.; Placental growth factor (PlGF), a member of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) sub-family, plays a major role in angiogenesis and vasculogenesis. Previous study demonstrated that PlGF-overexpressing transgenic (Tg) mice had gestational loss. In addition, PlGF secretion was up-regulated in isolated T lymphocytes (T-cell) upon CD3/CD28 stimulation, suggesting that PlGF could be a regulator of T-cell differentiation and development. T-cells are well known to play a critical role in obesity-induced inflammation. Therefore, to verify the possible link of diet-induced obesity (DIO) with inflammation and related metabolic disorders, such as insulin resistance, we fed high-fat diet (HFD) to Tg mice for 16 weeks. Adiposity and glucose intolerance significantly increase in Tg mice fed a HFD (Tg HFD) compared to wild-type (WT) mice fed HFD (WT HFD). In addition, macrophage infiltrations were significantly higher in the epididymal white adipose tissue (EWAT), liver, and pancreatic islets of Tg HFD mice compared to WT HFD mice. In the in vitro study, we showed that isolated CD4(+) T-cells from Tg mice further differentiate into type 1 (Th1) and type 17 (Th17) helper T-cells via CD3/CD28 stimulation. Furthermore, we observed that the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6, IL-17, and TNFα, are remarkably increased in Tg mice compared to WT mice. These findings demonstrate that PlGF overexpression in T-cells might lead to inflammatory T-cell differentiation and accumulation in adipose tissue (AT) or metabolism-related tissues, contributing to the development of systemic metabolic disorders. Thus, PlGF may provide an effective therapeutic target in the management of obesity-induced inflammation and related metabolic disorders.
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder predisposes to metabolic abnormalities in adulthood.; Prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE) affects at least 10% of newborns globally and leads to the development of fetal alcohol spectrum disorders (FASDs). Despite its high incidence, there is no consensus on the implications of PAE on metabolic disease risk in adults. Here, we describe a cohort of adults with FASDs that had an increased incidence of metabolic abnormalities, including type 2 diabetes, low HDL, high triglycerides, and female-specific overweight and obesity. Using a zebrafish model for PAE, we performed population studies to elucidate the metabolic disease seen in the clinical cohort. Embryonic alcohol exposure (EAE) in male zebrafish increased the propensity for diet-induced obesity and fasting hyperglycemia in adulthood. We identified several consequences of EAE that may contribute to these phenotypes, including a reduction in adult locomotor activity, alterations in visceral adipose tissue and hepatic development, and persistent diet-responsive transcriptional changes. Taken together, our findings define metabolic vulnerabilities due to EAE and provide evidence that behavioral changes and primary organ dysfunction contribute to resultant metabolic abnormalities.
Maternal dietary free or bound fructose diversely influence developmental programming of lipogenesis.; BACKGROUND: Maternal dietary choices throughout preconception, pregnancy, and lactation irreversibly affect the development of fetal tissues and organs, known as fetal programming. Recommendations tend to emphasize reducing added sugars. However, the impact of maternal dietary free or bound fructose in added sugars on developmental programming of lipogenesis is unknown. METHODS: Virgin Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups. Rats were given feed and plain water (control) or water containing maltodextrin (vehicle), fructose, high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) containing 55% fructose, sucrose (20% w/v) for 12 weeks before mating and throughout the pregnancy and lactation periods. Body weight, water, and feed intake were measured throughout the study. At the end of the lactation period, blood was drawn to determine the fasting levels of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in blood. Triglycerides and acetyl Co-A Carboxylase-1 (ACC1) levels in livers were analyzed, and insulin resistance was calculated. RESULTS: The energy intake of dams in the HFCS group was higher than in the fructose group, while weight gain was less in the HFCS group than in the fructose group. HFCS resulted in greater insulin resistance in dams, whereas free fructose had a robust effect on the fetal programming of insulin resistance. Free fructose and HFCS in the maternal diet increased blood and liver triglycerides and NEFA content in pups. Furthermore, fructose and HFCS exposure increased phosphorylated ACC1 as compared to maltodextrin and control, indicating greater fatty acid synthesis in pups and dams. CONCLUSION: Different types of added sugar in the maternal diet have different metabolic effects on the developmental programming of lipogenesis. Consequently, high fructose intake via processed foods may increase the risk for chronic diseases, and free fructose might contribute to developmental programming of chronic diseases more than bound fructose.
Clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.; BACKGROUND: Although of interest, few data exist on the clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with an extremely high triglyceride level (≥ 1000 mg/dL). OBJECTIVE: We assessed the clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with an extremely high triglyceride level. METHODS: We investigated the presence of coronary artery disease, history of pancreatitis, the presence of fatty liver, and the potential causes of elevated triglyceride in Japanese subjects with an extremely high level of fasting triglyceride (≥ 1000 mg/dL) among 70,368 subjects whose serum triglyceride was measured for any reason at Kanazawa University Hospital from April 2004 to March 2014. RESULTS: We identified 215 (0.31%) subjects (mean age, 46 years
Maternal High-Fat Feeding Affects the Liver and Thymus Metabolic Axis in the Offspring and Some Effects Are Attenuated by Maternal Diet Normalization in a Minipig Model.; Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) affects metabolic and immune development. We aimed to characterize the effects of maternal HFD, and the subsequent diet-normalization of the mothers during a second pregnancy, on the liver and thymus metabolism in their offspring, in minipigs. Offspring born to high-fat (HFD) and normal diet (ND) fed mothers were studied at week 1 and months 1, 6, 12 of life. Liver and thymus glucose uptake (GU) was measured with positron emission tomography during hyperinsulinemic-isoglycemia. Histological analyses were performed to quantify liver steatosis, inflammation, and hepatic hematopoietic niches (HHN), and thymocyte size and density in a subset. The protocol was repeated after maternal-diet-normalization in the HFD group. At one week, HFD(off) were characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, severe insulin resistance (IR), and high liver and thymus GU, associating with thymocyte size and density, with elevated weight-gain, liver IR, and steatosis in the first 6 months of life. Maternal diet normalization reversed thymus and liver hypermetabolism, and increased HHN at one week. It also normalized systemic insulin-sensitivity and liver fat content at all ages. Instead, weight-gain excess, hyperglycemia, and hepatic IR were still observed at 1 month, i.e., end-lactation. We conclude that intra-uterine HFD exposure leads to time-changing metabolic and immune-correlated abnormalities. Maternal diet-normalization reversed most of the effects in the offspring.
Holoprosencephaly with Dandy-Walker cyst. Rare coexistence of two major malformations.; A case of holoprosencephaly associated with Dandy-Walker cyst is reported. The patient was a male baby whose mother had normal serum titers for toxoplasma, syphilis, rubella and hepatitis B. She had no history of diabetes mellitus, administration of drugs or irradiation during the pregnancy. At the 8th month of gestation, fetal hydrocephalus was diagnosed by ultrasonic imaging. He was delivered by caesarean section at 34 weeks and 4 days, weighing 2,644 g. His head circumference was 42 cm
Parental diet, pregnancy outcomes and offspring health: metabolic determinants in developing oocytes and embryos.; The periconceptional period, embracing the terminal stages of oocyte growth and post-fertilisation development up to implantation, is sensitive to parental nutrition. Deficiencies or excesses in a range of macro- and micronutrients during this period can lead to impairments in fertility, fetal development and long-term offspring health. Obesity and genotype-related differences in regional adiposity are associated with impaired liver function and insulin resistance, and contribute to fatty acid-mediated impairments in sperm viability and oocyte and embryo quality, all of which are associated with endoplasmic reticulum stress and compromised fertility. Disturbances to maternal protein metabolism can elevate ammonium concentrations in reproductive tissues and disturb embryo and fetal development. Associated with this are disturbances to one-carbon metabolism, which can lead to epigenetic modifications to DNA and associated proteins in offspring that are both insulin resistant and hypertensive. Many enzymes involved in epigenetic gene regulation use metabolic cosubstrates (e.g. acetyl CoA and S-adenosyl methionine) to modify DNA and associated proteins, and so act as 'metabolic sensors' providing a link between parental nutritional status and gene regulation. Separate to their genomic contribution, spermatozoa can also influence embryo development via direct interactions with the egg and by seminal plasma components that act on oviductal and uterine tissues.
Impact of perinatal exposure to sucrose or high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55) on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition in rat offspring.; KEY POINTS: Fructose-containing sugars, including sucrose and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), have been implicated in the epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Few studies have evaluated the impact of perinatal exposure to these sugars on metabolic and physiological outcomes in the offspring. Using a rat model, offspring exposed to a maternal sucrose or HFCS diet during the prenatal and/or suckling periods were found to have altered adiposity and liver fat content and composition at weaning. Plasma levels of free fatty acids remained elevated in young adulthood, but consumption of a control diet following weaning appeared to ameliorate most other effects of perinatal exposure to a maternal high-sugar diet. Guidelines for maternal nutrition should advise limiting consumption of fructose-containing sugars, and it is particularly important that these recommendations include maternal nutrition during lactation. ABSTRACT: Perinatal exposure to excess maternal intake of added sugars, including fructose and sucrose, is associated with an increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in adult life. However, it is unknown to what extent the type of sugar and the timing of exposure affect these outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine the impact of exposure to maternal consumption of a 10% (w/v) beverage containing sucrose or high fructose corn syrup-55 (HFCS-55) during the prenatal and/or suckling periods on offspring at 3 and 12 weeks, utilising a cross-fostering approach in a rodent model. Perinatal sucrose exposure decreased plasma glucose concentrations in offspring at 3 weeks, but did not alter glucose tolerance. Increased adiposity was observed in 3-week-old offspring exposed to sucrose or HFCS-55 during suckling, with increased hepatic fat content in HFCS-55-exposed offspring. In terms of specific fatty acids, hepatic monounsaturated (omega-7 and -9) fatty acid content was elevated at weaning, and was most pronounced in sucrose offspring exposed during both the prenatal and suckling periods, and HFCS-55 offspring exposed during suckling only. By 12 weeks, the effects on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition were largely normalised. However, exposure to either sucrose or HFCS-55 during the prenatal period only was associated with elevated plasma free fatty acids at weaning, and this effect persisted until 12 weeks. This study suggests that the type of sugar and the timing of exposure (prenatal or suckling periods) are both important for determining the impact on metabolic health outcomes in the offspring.
Fetal programming by androgen excess impairs liver lipid content and PPARg expression in adult rats.; It is known that prenatal hyperandrogenization induces alterations since early stages of life, contributing to the development of polycystic ovary syndrome affecting the reproductive axis and the metabolic status, thus promoting others associated disorders, such as dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, liver dysfunction, and even steatosis. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of fetal programming by androgen excess on the hepatic lipid content and metabolic mediators at adult life. Pregnant rats were hyperandrogenized with daily subcutaneous injections of 1 mg of free testosterone from days 16 to 19 of pregnancy. The prenatally hyperandrogenized (PH) female offspring displayed two phenotypes: irregular ovulatory phenotype (PHiov) and anovulatory phenotype (PHanov), with different metabolic and endocrine features. We evaluated the liver lipid content and the main aspect of the balance between fatty acid (FA) synthesis and oxidation. We investigated the status of the peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) alpha and gamma, which act as lipid mediators, and the adipokine chemerin, one marker of liver alterations. We found that prenatal hyperandrogenization altered the liver lipid profile with increased FAs levels in the PHanov phenotype and decreased cholesterol content in the PHiov phenotype. FA metabolism was also disturbed, including decreased mRNA and protein PPARgamma levels and impaired gene expression of the main enzymes involved in lipid metabolism. Moreover, we found low chemerin protein levels in both PH phenotypes. In conclusion, these data suggest that prenatal hyperandrogenization exerts a negative effect on the liver and alters lipid content and metabolic mediators' expression at adult age.
Programmed increases in LXRα induced by paternal alcohol use enhance offspring metabolic adaptation to high-fat diet induced obesity.; OBJECTIVES: Paternally inherited alterations in epigenetic programming are emerging as relevant factors in numerous disease states, including the growth and metabolic defects observed in fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. In rodents, chronic paternal alcohol use induces fetal growth restriction, as well as sex-specific alterations in insulin signaling and lipid homeostasis in the offspring. Based on previous studies, we hypothesized that the observed metabolic irregularities are the consequence of paternally inherited alterations liver x receptor (LXR) activity. METHODS: Male offspring of alcohol-exposed sires were challenged with a high-fat diet and the molecular pathways controlling glucose and lipid homeostasis assayed for LXR-induced alterations. RESULTS: Similar to findings in studies employing LXR agonists we found that the male offspring of alcohol-exposed sires display resistance to diet-induced obesity and improved glucose homeostasis when challenged with a high-fat diet. This improved metabolic adaptation is mediated by LXRα trans-repression of inflammatory cytokines, releasing IKKβ inhibition of the insulin signaling pathway. Interestingly, paternally programmed increases in LXRα expression are liver-specific and do not manifest in the pancreas or visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: These studies identify LXRα as a key mediator of the long-term metabolic alterations induced by preconception paternal alcohol use.
Maternal high-fat diet effects on third-generation female body size via the paternal lineage.; The health consequences of in utero exposure to maternal obesity on future generations are concerning because they contribute to increased rates of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome. We previously reported that maternal high-fat diet exposure in mice resulted in an increase in body size and reduced insulin sensitivity that persisted across two generations via both maternal and paternal lineages. However, because the first generation's primordial germ cells may be affected by gestational exposure, analysis of phenotype transmission into a third generation (F3) is necessary to determine whether stable epigenetic programming has occurred. Therefore, we have examined the body size and insulin sensitivity of male and female F3 offspring. We found that only females displayed the increased body size phenotype, and this effect was only passed on via the paternal lineage. The finding of a paternally transmitted phenotype to F3 female offspring supports a stable germline-based transgenerational mode of inheritance
Dietary fructose during the suckling period increases body weight and fatty acid uptake into skeletal muscle in adult rats.; OBJECTIVE: The suckling period is one potentially "critical" period during which nutritional intake may permanently "program" metabolism to promote increased adult body weight and insulin resistance in later life. This study determined whether fructose introduced during the suckling period altered body weight and induced changes in fatty acid transport leading to insulin resistance in adulthood in rats. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Pups were randomly assigned to one of four diets: suckle controls (SCs), rat milk substitute formula (Rat Milk Substitute), fructose-containing formula (Fructose), or galactose-containing formula (Galactose). Starting at weaning, all pups received the same diet
Raised Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone in Girls with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Effects of Randomized Interventions.; INTRODUCTION: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women associates with raised levels of circulating thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and with high rates of gestational complications. A low range of preconception TSH is followed by low rates of gestational complications. It is unknown whether TSH levels are elevated in adolescents with PCOS and, if so, whether traditional or exploratory treatments can lower them into safe preconception range. We investigated TSH in nonobese adolescents with PCOS, including the effects of randomized interventions. METHODS: Morning TSH was a safety marker in randomized pilot studies comparing the effects of an oral contraceptive (OC) versus those of a low-dose combination of spironolactone-pioglitazone-metformin (SPIOMET) in nonobese adolescents with PCOS. A post hoc analysis compared TSH levels in PCOS (N = 62) versus controls, TSH changes on treatment (for 1 year), and TSH levels posttreatment (for 1 year). RESULTS: Mean TSH levels were higher in PCOS patients than in control girls (p &lt
A Comprehensive Update on the Chylomicronemia Syndrome.; The chylomicronemia syndrome is characterized by severe hypertriglyceridemia and fasting chylomicronemia and predisposes affected individuals to acute pancreatitis. When due to very rare monogenic mutations in the genes encoding the enzyme, lipoprotein lipase, or its regulators, APOC2, APOA5, GPIHBP1, and LMF1, it is referred to as the familial chylomicronemia syndrome. Much more frequently, the chylomicronemia syndrome results from a cluster of minor genetic variants causing polygenic hypertriglyceridemia, which is exacerbated by conditions or medications which increase triglyceride levels beyond the saturation point of triglyceride removal systems. This situation is termed the multifactorial chylomicronemia syndrome. These aggravating factors include common conditions such as uncontrolled diabetes, overweight and obesity, alcohol excess, chronic kidney disease and pregnancy and several medications, including diuretics, non-selective beta blockers, estrogenic compounds, corticosteroids, protease inhibitors, immunosuppressives, antipsychotics, antidepressants, retinoids, L-asparaginase, and propofol. A third uncommon cause of the chylomicronemia syndrome is familial forms of partial lipodystrophy. Development of pancreatitis is the most feared complication of the chylomicronemia syndrome, but the risk of cardiovascular disease as well as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is also increased. Treatment consists of dietary fat restriction and weight reduction combined with the use of triglyceride lowering medications such as fibrates, omega 3 fatty acids and niacin. Effective management of aggravating factors such as improving diabetes control, discontinuing alcohol and replacing or reducing the dose of medications that raise triglyceride levels is essential. Importantly, many if not most cases of the chylomicronemia syndrome can be prevented by effective identification of polygenic hypertriglyceridemia in people with conditions that increase its likelihood or before starting medications that may increase triglyceride levels. Several new pharmacotherapeutic agents are being tested that are likely to considerably improve treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in people at risk.
Does early-life exposure to organophosphate insecticides lead to prediabetes and obesity?; Human exposures to organophosphate insecticides are ubiquitous. Although regarded as neurotoxicants, increasing evidence points toward lasting metabolic disruption from early-life organophosphate exposures. We gave neonatal rats chlorpyrifos, diazinon or parathion in doses devoid of any acute signs of toxicity, straddling the threshold for barely-detectable cholinesterase inhibition. Organophosphate exposure during a critical developmental window altered the trajectory of hepatic adenylyl cyclase/cyclic AMP signaling, culminating in hyperresponsiveness to gluconeogenic stimuli. Consequently, the animals developed metabolic dysfunction resembling prediabetes. When the organophosphate-exposed animals consumed a high fat diet in adulthood, metabolic defects were exacerbated and animals gained excess weight compared to unexposed rats on the same diet. At the same time, the high fat diet ameliorated many of the central synaptic defects caused by organophosphate exposure, pointing to nonpharmacologic therapeutic interventions to offset neurodevelopmental abnormalities, as well as toward fostering dietary choices favoring high fat intake. These studies show how common insecticides may contribute to the increased worldwide incidence of obesity and diabetes.
Conditional knock-out reveals a requirement for O-linked N-Acetylglucosaminase (O-GlcNAcase) in metabolic homeostasis.; O-GlcNAc cycling is maintained by the reciprocal activities of the O-GlcNAc transferase and the O-GlcNAcase (OGA) enzymes. O-GlcNAc transferase is responsible for O-GlcNAc addition to serine and threonine (Ser/Thr) residues and OGA for its removal. Although the Oga gene (MGEA5) is a documented human diabetes susceptibility locus, its role in maintaining insulin-glucose homeostasis is unclear. Here, we report a conditional disruption of the Oga gene in the mouse. The resulting homozygous Oga null (KO) animals lack OGA enzymatic activity and exhibit elevated levels of the O-GlcNAc modification. The Oga KO animals showed nearly complete perinatal lethality associated with low circulating glucose and low liver glycogen stores. Defective insulin-responsive GSK3β phosphorylation was observed in both heterozygous (HET) and KO Oga animals. Although Oga HET animals were viable, they exhibited alterations in both transcription and metabolism. Transcriptome analysis using mouse embryonic fibroblasts revealed deregulation in the transcripts of both HET and KO animals specifically in genes associated with metabolism and growth. Additionally, metabolic profiling showed increased fat accumulation in HET and KO animals compared with WT, which was increased by a high fat diet. Reduced insulin sensitivity, glucose tolerance, and hyperleptinemia were also observed in HET and KO female mice. Notably, the respiratory exchange ratio of the HET animals was higher than that observed in WT animals, indicating the preferential utilization of glucose as an energy source. These results suggest that the loss of mouse OGA leads to defects in metabolic homeostasis culminating in obesity and insulin resistance.
Placental superoxide dismutase 3 mediates benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health.; Poor maternal diet increases the risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring, adding to the ever-increasing prevalence of these diseases. In contrast, we find that maternal exercise improves the metabolic health of offspring, and here, we demonstrate that this occurs through a vitamin D receptor-mediated increase in placental superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3) expression and secretion. SOD3 activates an AMPK/TET signaling axis in fetal offspring liver, resulting in DNA demethylation at the promoters of glucose metabolic genes, enhancing liver function, and improving glucose tolerance. In humans, SOD3 is upregulated in serum and placenta from physically active pregnant women. The discovery of maternal exercise-induced cross talk between placenta-derived SOD3 and offspring liver provides a central mechanism for improved offspring metabolic health. These findings may lead to novel therapeutic approaches to limit the transmission of metabolic disease to the next generation.
Longitudinal characterization of determinants associated with obesogenic growth patterns in early childhood.; BACKGROUND: Longitudinal assessment of the determinants of obesogenic growth trajectories in childhood can suggest appropriate developmental windows for intervention. METHODS: Latent class growth mixture modelling was used to identify body mass index (BMI) z-score trajectories from birth to age 6 years in 994 children from a prospective mother-offspring cohort (Chinese, Indian and Malay ethnicities) based in Singapore. We evaluated the early-life determinants of the trajectories as well as their associations with cardiometabolic risk markers at age 6 years. RESULTS: Five BMI z-score trajectory patterns were identified, three within the healthy weight range, alongside early-acceleration and late-acceleration obesogenic trajectories. The early-acceleration pattern was characterized by elevated fetal abdominal circumference growth velocity, BMI acceleration immediately after birth and crossing of the obesity threshold by age 2 years. The late-acceleration pattern had normal fetal growth and BMI acceleration after infancy, and approached the obesity threshold by age 6 years. Abdominal fat, liver fat, insulin resistance and odds of pre-hypertension/hypertension were elevated in both groups. Indian ethnicity, high pre-pregnancy BMI, high polygenic risk scores for obesity and shorter breastfeeding duration were common risk factors for both groups. Malay ethnicity and low maternal educational attainment were uniquely associated with early BMI acceleration, whereas nulliparity and obesogenic eating behaviours in early childhood were uniquely associated with late BMI acceleration. CONCLUSION: BMI acceleration starting immediately after birth or after infancy were both linked to early cardiometabolic alterations. The determinants of these trajectories may be useful for developing early risk stratification and intervention approaches to counteract metabolic adversities linked to childhood obesity.
Alpha linolenic acid in maternal diet halts the lipid disarray due to saturated fatty acids in the liver of mice offspring at weaning.; BACKGROUND: Alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3) in maternal diets has been shown to attenuate obesity associated insulin resistance (IR) in adult offspring in mice. The objective in the present study was to detect the early effects of maternal dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) and their partial substitution with ω-3 ALA, docosa hexenoic acid (DHA,22:6) and eicosapentenoic acid 20:5 (EPA,20:5) on the HOMA index, liver lipids and fatty acid desaturases in the offspring at weaning. METHODS: 3 month old C57Bl6/J female mice were fed diets containing normal amount of calories but rich in SFA alone or partially replaced with ALA, DHA or EPA before mating, during pregnancy and lactation. RESULTS: Pregnant mice fed SFA produced offspring with the highest HOMA index, liver lipids and desaturase activities. ALA prevented SFA induced lipid increase but DHA and EPA only reduced it by 42% and 31% respectively. ALA, DHA and EPA decreased HOMA index by 84%, 75% and 83% respectively. ALA, DHA and EPA decreased Δ6 and SCD1 desaturase activities about 30%. CONCLUSIONS: SFA feeding to mothers predisposes their offspring to develop IR and liver lipid accumulation already at weaning. ω3 fatty acids reduce IR, ALA halts lipid accumulation whereas DHA and EPA only blunt it.ALA and DHA restore the increased SCD1 to normal. These studies suggest that ω-3 fatty acids have different potencies to preclude lipid accumulation in the offspring partially by affecting pathways associated to SCD1 modulation.
Surgical management of obesity: a review of the evidence relating to the health benefits and risks.; Obesity continues to plague our society in epidemic proportions. Surgery for morbid obesity is considered by many as the most effective therapy for this complex disorder. Today, multiple surgical procedures for the treatment of obesity are available. As with most procedures, there are benefits and risks associated with open and laparoscopic gastric bypass surgery, as well as with laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding and partial biliopancreatic bypass with a duodenal switch. The risks and complications associated with bariatric surgery may be serious and in some cases life threatening. However, surgery for obesity has shown remarkable results in helping patients to achieve significant long-term weight control. In addition, it is associated with improvement and often resolution of co-morbid conditions, including type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic hypertension, obesity hypoventilation, sleep apnea, venous stasis disease, pseudotumor cerebri, polycystic ovary syndrome, complications of pregnancy and delivery, gastroesophageal reflux disease, stress urinary incontinence, degenerative joint disease, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Transgenerational metabolomic fingerprints in mice ancestrally exposed to the obesogen TBT.; BACKGROUND: Endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) contribute to the etiology of metabolic disorders such as obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic dysfunction. Concern is growing about the consequences of perinatal EDC exposure on disease predisposition later in life. Metabolomics are promising approaches for studying long-term consequences of early life EDC exposure. These approaches allow for the identification and characterization of biomarkers of direct or ancestral exposures that could be diagnostic for individual susceptibility to disease and help to understand mechanisms through which EDCs act. OBJECTIVES: We sought to identify metabolomic fingerprints in mice ancestrally exposed to the model obesogen tributyltin (TBT), to assess whether metabolomics could discriminate potential trans-generational susceptibility to obesity and recognize metabolic pathways modulated by ancestral TBT exposure. METHODS: We used non-targeted (1)H NMR metabolomic analyses of plasma and liver samples collected from male and female mice ancestrally exposed to TBT in two independent transgenerational experiments in which F3 and F4 males became obese when challenged with increased dietary fat. RESULTS: Metabolomics confirmed transgenerational obesogenic effects of environmentally relevant doses of TBT in F3 and F4 males, in two independent studies. Although females never became obese, their specific metabolomic fingerprint evidenced distinct transgenerational effects of TBT in female mice consistent with impaired capacity for liver biotransformation. DISCUSSION: This study is the first application of metabolomics to unveil the transgenerational effects of EDC exposure. Very early, significant changes in the plasma metabolome were observed in animals ancestrally exposed to TBT. These changes preceded the onset of obesogenic effects elicited by increased dietary fat in the TBT groups, and which ultimately resulted in significant changes in the liver metabolome. Development of metabolomic fingerprints could facilitate the identification of individuals carrying the signature of ancestral obesogen exposure that might increase their susceptibility to other risk factor such as increased dietary fat.
Maternal high-fat diet promotes onset of diabetes in rat offspring.; The onset and progression of type II diabetes is closely related to environmental factors, in particular dietary habit. Moreover, the environmental exposures very early in life can influence the risk for development of type II diabetes later in life. In this study, we investigated pathophysiological changes in the pups of maternal Spontaneously Diabetic Torii (SDT) rats that were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) throughout gestation and lactation. Maternal SDT rats were continued on HFD for 5 weeks, from day 8 of gestation to day 21 after birth, and biological analyses of the pups were performed from 2 to 22 weeks of age. Results of serum lipid levels in pups from dams fed HFD were higher than pups from dams fed a standard diet, and the onset of diabetes was significantly accelerated in pups from dams fed HFD. In pathological analyses, pups from dams fed HFD showed increases in liver weight and vacuolation of hepatic cells at 2 weeks of age. In conclusion, the metabolic disorder of lipids and glucose in SDT rats is closely related to the nutritional condition of dams during the periods of gestation and lactation.
[Strategies for nutrition of the preterm infant with low and very low birth weight].; According to many experts in neonatal nutrition, the goal for nutrition of the preterm infant should be to achieve a postnatal growth rate approximating that of the normal fetus of the same gestational age. Unfortunately, most preterm infants, especially those born very preterm with extremely low birth weight, are not fed sufficient amounts of nutrients to produce normal fetal rates of growth and, as a result, end up growth-restricted during their hospital period after birth. Growth restriction is a significant problem, as numerous studies have shown definitively that undernutrition, especially of protein, at critical stages of development produces long-term short stature, organ growth failure, and both neuronal deficits of number and dendritic connections as well as later behavioral and cognitive outcomes. Glucose should be provided at 6-8 mg/min/kg as soon after birth as possible and adjusted according to frequent measurements of plasma glucose to achieve and maintain concentrations >45 mg/dl but <120 mg/dl to avoid the frequent problems of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia. Similarly, lipid is required to provide at least 0.5 g/kg/day to prevent essential fatty acid deficiency. However, the high rate of carbohydrate and lipid supply that preterm infants often get, based on the incomplete assumption that this is necessary to promote protein growth, tends to produce increased fat in organs like the liver and heart as well as adipose tissue. More and better essential fatty acid nutrition is valuable, but more organ and adipose fat has no known benefit and many problems. Amino acids and protein are essential not only for body growth but for metabolic signaling, protein synthesis, and protein accretion. 3.5-4.0 g/kg/day are necessary to produce normal protein balance and growth in very preterm infants = Aggressive parenteral nutrition (PN) including amino acids is recommended for low-birthweight infants to prevent energy and protein deficit. PN can be provided as a standard, usually commercial, formulation, representing the average needs of a large group of patients. Alternatively, an individualized PN compound adapted to the patient's needs can be prescribed and prepared, usually on a daily basis. A combination of standardized PN bags, prepared under strict standardization criteria, for most neonates. Many preterm infants are too ill to receive substantial enteral feeds and require prolonged PN. It was reported that normal gastrointestinal structure and function are lost, villi become shorter, mucosal DNA is lost, Enteral feeding always is indicated and to date nearly all studies have shown that minimal enteral feeding approaches (e.g., 'trophic feeds') promote the capacity to feed enterally. Milk has distinct advantages over formulas in avoiding necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Breast milk is the preferred source of nutrients for newborn infants. The most common methods used are continuous milk infusion and intermittent (bolus) milk delivery (usually every 3 h). Feeding promotes more "normal" feed-fasting and marked differences are observed in feeding tolerance and growth between continuous vs. bolus tube-feeding methods. Continuous feeding is associated with more significant feeding intolerance.
Differential effects of prenatal stress and glucocorticoid administration on postnatal growth and glucose metabolism in rats.; Glucocorticoid administration during pregnancy programmes cardiovascular and metabolic functions in the adult offspring. Often, the control procedures are stressful per se and raise maternal glucocorticoid concentrations. This study compared the effects of maternal injection with dexamethasone (dex, 200 microg/kg) or saline with no treatment from 15 to 20 days of rat pregnancy on offspring growth and glucose metabolism. Near term, maternal corticosterone concentrations were higher in the saline-treated dams and lower in the dex-treated dams relative to untreated animals. In both male and female offspring, growth rate was measured for 14 weeks, and glucose tolerance was assessed between 12 and 13 weeks together with body fat content and plasma concentrations of insulin, leptin, and corticosterone between 14 and 15 weeks. Offspring liver was collected at different ages and was analyzed for glycogen content and gluconeogenic enzyme activity. Compared with untreated animals, both dex and saline treatments altered postnatal growth although adult body weight was unaffected. The two treatments had different effects on adult insulin concentrations and on hepatic glycogen content and gluconeogenic enzyme activities both pre- and postnatally. Relative to untreated animals, adult glucose tolerance was improved by maternal saline injection in males but not in females, while it was impaired in female offspring but not in male offspring of the dex-treated dams. Adult glucose tolerance was related to male body fat content but not to female body fat content. Dex and saline treatments of pregnant rats have differential sex-linked effects on the growth and glucose metabolism of their offspring, which indicates that the programming actions of natural and synthetic glucocorticoids may differ.
Developmental origins of metabolic diseases.; Almost 2 billion adults in the world are overweight, and more than half of them are classified as obese, while nearly one-third of children globally experience poor growth and development. Given the vast amount of knowledge that has been gleaned from decades of research on growth and development, a number of questions remain as to why the world is now in the midst of a global epidemic of obesity accompanied by the "double burden of malnutrition," where overweight coexists with underweight and micronutrient deficiencies. This challenge to the human condition can be attributed to nutritional and environmental exposures during pregnancy that may program a fetus to have a higher risk of chronic diseases in adulthood. To explore this concept, frequently called the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD), this review considers a host of factors and physiological mechanisms that drive a fetus or child toward a higher risk of obesity, fatty liver disease, hypertension, and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D). To that end, this review explores the epidemiology of DOHaD with discussions focused on adaptations to human energetics, placental development, dysmetabolism, and key environmental exposures that act to promote chronic diseases in adulthood. These areas are complementary and additive in understanding how providing the best conditions for optimal growth can create the best possible conditions for lifelong health. Moreover, understanding both physiological as well as epigenetic and molecular mechanisms for DOHaD is vital to most fully address the global issues of obesity and other chronic diseases.
[Clinical usefulness of urinary anti HIV antibody test--a large scale study from 11 institutes in Japan].; An enzyme immuno assay kit has been developed to detect anti-HIV antibody in urine. In order to examine the clinical utility of the kit, 1333 urine samples were assayed. These samples consisted of 233 urine samples from HIV infected patients, 472 samples from HIV uninfected patients including 203 samples from patients with urogenital diseases, and 628 samples from normal subjects. Anti-HIV antibodies were detected in all the urine samples from HIV infected patients, and the diagnostic sensitivity for HIV infection was 100% with no false negative cases. A variety of anti-HIV antibody titers were found in the urine samples from HIV infected patients. However, no significant differences were found in the distribution patterns of urinary anti-HIV antibody titers among AC, ARC and AIDS patients. False positives were determined in only five samples in 628 healthy subjects (0.8%), one in 19 patients with hepatitis (5.3%), one in 45 patients with hemophilia (2.2%) and two in 105 pregnant women (1.9%). The antibody titers of all the false positive samples in these groups were less than the cut-off index multiplied by two. However, relatively high positive rates were demonstrated in the samples from urogenital diseases (11.8%), diabetes mellitus (20.0%) and auto-immune diseases (7.3%). False positive results were found to be directly correlated to the protein concentration of urinary protein, especially the immunoglobulin concentration in urine. The assay system was also evaluated by various reproducibility tests performed by different operators at different laboratories. The test results were satisfactory.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Increased plasma leptin attenuates adaptive metabolism in early lactating dairy cows.; Mammals meet the increased nutritional demands of lactation through a combination of increased feed intake and a collection of adaptations known as adaptive metabolism (e.g., glucose sparing via insulin resistance, mobilization of endogenous reserves, and increased metabolic efficiency via reduced thyroid hormones). In the modern dairy cow, adaptive metabolism predominates over increased feed intake at the onset of lactation and develops concurrently with a reduction in plasma leptin. To address the role of leptin in the adaptive metabolism of early lactation, we asked which adaptations could be countered by a constant 96-h intravenous infusion of human leptin (hLeptin) starting on day 8 of lactation. Compared to saline infusion (Control), hLeptin did not alter energy intake or milk energy output but caused a modest increase in body weight loss. hLeptin reduced plasma glucose by 9% and hepatic glycogen content by 73%, and these effects were associated with a 17% increase in glucose disposal during an insulin tolerance test. hLeptin attenuated the accumulation of triglyceride in the liver by 28% in the absence of effects on plasma levels of the anti-lipolytic hormone insulin or plasma levels of free fatty acids, a marker of lipid mobilization from adipose tissue. Finally, hLeptin increased the plasma concentrations of T4 and T3 by nearly 50% without affecting other neurally regulated hormones (i.e., cortisol and luteinizing hormone (LH)). Overall these data implicate the periparturient reduction in plasma leptin as one of the signals promoting conservation of glucose and energy at the onset of lactation in the energy-deficient dairy cow.
Maternal nutritional history modulates the hepatic IGF-IGFBP axis in adult male rat offspring.; Alterations in early life nutrition lead to an increased risk of obesity and metabolic syndrome in offspring. We have shown that both relative maternal undernutrition (UN) and maternal obesity result in metabolic derangements in offspring, independent of the postnatal dietary environment. Since insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) has been shown to be independently associated with obesity and diabetes risk, we examined the IGF-IGFBP axis in male rat offspring following either maternal UN or maternal obesity to explain possible common pathways in the development of metabolic disorders. Wistar rats were time-mated and fed either a control diet (CONT), 50 % of CONT (UN) or a high-fat (HF) diet throughout pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned onto a standard chow diet and blood and tissues were collected at postnatal day 160. Plasma and hepatic tissue samples were analysed for key players in the IGF-IGFBP system. Both maternal UN and HF resulted in increased fat mass, hyperinsulinemia, hyperleptinemia and altered blood lipid profiles in offspring compared to CONT. Circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP3 levels and hepatic mRNA expression of IGFBP1 and IGFBP2 were significantly decreased in UN and HF offspring compared to CONT. DNA methylation of the IGFBP2 promotor region was similar between maternal dietary groups. Although chaperone gene heat-shock protein 90 and hepatic IGFBP1 were significantly correlated in CONT offspring this effect was absent in both UN and HF offspring. In conclusion, this study is one of the first to directly compare two experimental models of developmental programming representing both ends of the maternal dietary spectrum. Our data suggest that two disparate nutritional models that elicit similar adverse metabolic phenotypes in offspring are characterised by common alterations in the IGF-IGFBP pathway.
Low-dose developmental bisphenol A exposure alters fatty acid metabolism in Fischer 344 rat offspring.; BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) is an endocrine disruptor and also a suggested obesogen and metabolism-disrupting chemical. Accumulating data indicates that the fatty acid (FA) profile and their ratios in plasma and other metabolic tissues are associated with metabolic disorders. Stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD-1) is a key regulator of lipid metabolism and its activity can be estimated by dividing the FA product by its precursor measured in blood or other tissues. OBJECTIVE: The primary aim of this study was to investigate the effect of low-dose developmental BPA exposure on tissue-specific FA composition including estimated SCD-1 activity, studied in 5- and 52-week (wk)-old Fischer 344 (F344) rat offspring. METHODS: Pregnant F344 rats were exposed to BPA via their drinking water corresponding to 0: [CTRL], 0.5: [BPA0.5], or 50 µg/kg BW/day: [BPA50], from gestational day 3.5 until postnatal day 22. RESULTS: BPA0.5 increased SCD-16 (estimated as the 16:1n-7/16:0 ratio) and SCD-18 (estimated as the 18:1n-9/18:0 ratio) indices in inguinal white adipose tissue triglycerides (iWAT-TG) and in plasma cholesterol esters (PL-CE), respectively, in 5-wk-old male offspring. In addition, BPA0.5 altered the FA composition in male offspring, e.g. by decreasing levels of the essential polyunsaturated FA linoleic acid (18:2n-6) in iWAT-and liver-TG. No differences were observed regarding the studied FAs in 52-wk-old offspring, although a slightly increased BW was observed in 52-wk-old female offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose developmental BPA exposure increased SCD-16 in iWAT-TG and SCD-18 in PL-CE of male offspring, which may reflect higher SCD-1 activity in these tissues. Altered desaturation activity and signs of altered FA composition are novel findings that may indicate insulin resistance in the rat offspring. These aforementioned results, together with the observed increased BW, adds to previously published data demonstrating that BPA can act as a metabolism disrupting chemical.
Hormonal control of cholesterogenesis and related enzymes in isolated rat hepatocytes during pre- and postnatal development.; The effect of glucagon and insulin on the incorporation of 1-14C-acetate into cholesterol and fatty acids and on the enzymes involved in the first steps of cholesterol synthesis (3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A reductase, 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A synthase, and acetoacetyl-coenzyme A thiolase) was investigated. Isolated rat hepatocytes at different stages of fetal and postnatal development were employed. Data obtained show the appearance of hormonal control on the 18th day of fetal life, indicating the same pattern, as regards acetate incorporation and HMGCoA reductase prepared and assayed in the presence of NaF. On the contrary, HMGCoA reductase, prepared without NaF, HMGCoA synthase, and acetoacetyl CoA thiolase, does not appear to respond to hormonal stimulation. In the perinatal period, the hormonal effect is no longer detectable, probably because of a hormone resistance of this metabolic pathway.
Placental glycogen accumulation and maternal-fetal metabolic responses in hyperglycaemic non-diabetic rats.; The effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on glycogen and triglyceride accumulation in the feto-placental unit of non-diabetic rats was studied. Hyperglycaemia was induced by continuous infusion of a 400 g/l glucose solution at the rate of 2-4 g/hr/kg, from day 18.5-20.5 of gestation. Hyperglycaemic mothers were hyperinsulinaemic
The lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio in cases associated with fetomaternal disease.; The efficacy of correlating the L/S ratio in the amniotic fluid with fetal lung maturity has been substantiated in normal pregnancies. In gestations complicated by fetomaternal diseases, however, the assay is less reliable. This study involves 555 pregnancies in which there was a significant maternal, fetal, or placental disorder. The L/S ratio was related to fetal respiratory maturity as measured by Dubowitz criteria and the occurrence of RDS. The results show that pre-eclampsia, chronic hypertension, diabetes (Class D, E, F), significant cardiovascular disease, severe hemoglobinopathies, various congenital anomalies, chronic placental insufficiency, and prolonged ruptured membranes accelerated the L/S ration. Conversely, mild diabetes (Class B, C), intrinsic renal disease, hepatitis, collagen disease, hydrops fetalis, syphilis, and toxoplasmosis were associated with a delay in the L/S ratio. A significant increase in erroneous responses was noted in these patients when the L/S ratio was correlated to infant maturity and to the incidence of RDS. Possible mechanisms for these findings are discussed.
Anti-hyperglycemic activity of myricetin, through inhibition of DPP-4 and enhanced GLP-1 levels, is attenuated by co-ingestion with lectin-rich protein.; Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a proteolytic enzyme responsible for the rapid degradation of Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) that is required for the secretion of insulin. DPP-4 also influences activation of node like receptor family, pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome under diabetic conditions. Although several polyphenols are reported for various bioactivities, they are consumed as part of the food matrix and not in isolation. Horsegram (Macrotyloma uniflorum) is a rich source of myricetin (Myr) (35 μg/g flour), reported for its anti-hyperglycemic effect. In this investigation, we aimed to study the effect of Myr, singly, and in the presence of co-nutrient horsegram protein (HP) on DPP-4 activity and its consequential impact on GLP-1, insulin, and NLRP3 inflammasome in high-fat diet and single low dose streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic male Wistar rats. In diabetic control (DC), the activity of DPP-4 and its expression were higher compared to treated groups. The consequential decrease in the circulating GLP-1 levels in the DC group, but not treated groups, further indicated the effectiveness of our test molecules under diabetic conditions. Specifically, Myr decreased DPP-4 activity and its expression levels with enhanced circulating GLP-1 and insulin levels. Myr administration also resulted in a lessening of diabetes-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation and enhanced antioxidant enzyme activities. HP also proved to be efficient in reducing elevated blood glucose levels and enhancing antioxidant enzyme activities. However, Myr, in the presence of HP as a co-nutrient, had diminished capacity to inhibit DPP-4 and, consequently, reduced potential in ameliorating diabetic conditions. Myr proved to be a potent inhibitor of DPP-4 in vitro and in vivo, resulting in enhanced circulating GLP-1 and insulin levels, thereby improving diabetic conditions. Though Myr and HP, individually ameliorate diabetic conditions, their dietary combination had reduced efficiency.
Maternal and Post-weaning High-Fat Diets Produce Distinct DNA Methylation Patterns in Hepatic Metabolic Pathways within Specific Genomic Contexts.; Calorie-dense high-fat diets (HF) are associated with detrimental health outcomes, including obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Both pre- and post-natal HF diets have been hypothesized to negatively impact long-term metabolic health via epigenetic mechanisms. To understand how the timing of HF diet intake impacts DNA methylation and metabolism, male Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to either maternal HF (MHF) or post-weaning HF diet (PHF). At post-natal week 12, PHF rats had similar body weights but greater hepatic lipid accumulation compared to the MHF rats. Genome-wide DNA methylation was evaluated, and analysis revealed 1744 differentially methylation regions (DMRs) between the groups with the majority of the DMR located outside of gene-coding regions. Within differentially methylated genes (DMGs), intragenic DNA methylation closer to the transcription start site was associated with lower gene expression, whereas DNA methylation further downstream was positively correlated with gene expression. The insulin and phosphatidylinositol (PI) signaling pathways were enriched with 25 DMRs that were associated with 20 DMGs, including PI3 kinase (Pi3k), pyruvate kinase (Pklr), and phosphodiesterase 3 (Pde3). Together, these results suggest that the timing of HF diet intake determines DNA methylation and gene expression patterns in hepatic metabolic pathways that target specific genomic contexts.
Prenatal stress induces sex- and tissue-specific alterations in insulin pathway of Wistar rats offspring.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Prenatal stress may lead to tissue and sex-specific cardiometabolic disorders in the offspring through imbalances in the insulin signaling pathway. Therefore, we aimed to determine the sex-specific adaptations of prenatal stress on the insulin signaling pathway of cardiac and hepatic tissue of adult offspring Wistar rats. METHODS: Wistar pregnant rats were divided into control and stress groups. Unpredictable stress protocol was performed from the 14th to the 21st day of pregnancy. After lactation, the dams were euthanized and blood was collected for corticosterone measurement and the offspring were separated into four groups according to sex and intervention (n=8/group). At 90 days old, the offspring were submitted to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and an insulin tolerance test (ITT). After euthanasia blood collection was used for biochemical analysis and the left ventricle and liver were used for protein expression and histological analysis. RESULTS: Stress increased maternal corticosterone levels, and in the offspring, decreased glucose concentration in both OGTT and ITT, reduced insulin receptor (Irβ) and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1) activation and reduced insulin receptor inhibition (PTP1B) in the liver of male offspring at 90 days old, without repercussions in cardiac tissue. Moreover, female offspring submitted to prenatal stress exhibited reduced fatty acid uptake, with lower hepatic CD36 expression, reduced high density lipoprotein (cHDL) and increased Castelli risk indexes I and II. CONCLUSIONS: Unpredictable prenatal stress evoked reduced insulin sensitivity and liver-specific impairment in insulin signaling activation in male while increasing markers of cardiovascular risk in females.
Complications of obesity.; The major diseases associated with obesity are hypertension, atherosclerosis, and diabetes, as well as certain types of cancer. Less well-known complications include hepatic steatosis, gallbladder disease, pulmonary function impairment, endocrine abnormalities, obstetric complications, trauma to the weight-bearing joints, gout, cutaneous disease, proteinuria, increased hemoglobin concentration, and possibly immunologic impairment. A U- or J-shaped curve illustrates the relation between body mass index and the degree of these various complications. This relationship can be used to provide guidelines for assessing treatment of obesity.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. II. Pharmacokinetics, whole-animal performance, and lipid metabolism.; Dairy cows cope with severe energy insufficiency in early lactation by engaging in intense and sustained mobilization of fatty acids from adipose tissue. An unwanted side effect of this adaptation is excessive lipid accumulation in the liver, which in turn impairs hepatic functions. Mice experiencing increased hepatic fatty acid flux are protected from this condition through coordinated actions of the newly described hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) on liver and adipose tissue. The possibility of an analogous role for FGF21 in dairy cows is suggested by its rapid increase in plasma levels around parturition followed by chronically elevated levels in the first few weeks of lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 ± 2.2 (± standard error) of lactation to receive either an excipient (control
Use of cod liver oil during pregnancy associated with lower risk of Type I diabetes in the offspring.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To test whether cod liver oil or vitamin D supplements either taken by the mother during pregnancy or by the child in the first year of life is associated with lower risk of Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in children. METHODS: We carried out a population-based case control study in Vest-Agder county of Norway, evaluating the use of supplements by a mailed questionnaire. We received responses from 85 diabetic subjects and 1,071 control subjects. Odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: When mothers took cod liver oil during pregnancy their offspring had a lower risk of diabetes. The unadjusted OR was 0.30, 95% CI: (0.12 to 0.75), p = 0.01. This association changed very little and was still significant after adjusting for age, sex, breastfeeding and maternal education. Mothers taking multivitamin supplements during pregnancy [adjusted OR= 1.11, 95% CI: (0.69 to 1.77)], infants taking cod liver oil in the first year of life [adjusted OR = 0.82, 95 % CI: (0.47 to 1.42) and the use of other vitamin D supplements in the first year of life [adjusted OR = 1.27, 95 % CI: (0.70 to 2.31)] was not [corrected] significantly associated with the risk of diabetes. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: We found that cod liver oil taken during pregnancy was associated with reduced risk of Type I diabetes in the offspring. This suggests that vitamin D or the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the cod liver oil, or both, have a protective effect against Type I diabetes.
Use of cod liver oil during the first year of life is associated with lower risk of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: a large, population-based, case-control study.; BACKGROUND: In Norway, cod liver oil is an important source of dietary vitamin D and the long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, all of which have biological properties of potential relevance for the prevention of type 1 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: The main objective was to investigate whether the use of dietary cod liver oil or other vitamin D supplements, either by the mother during pregnancy or by the child during the first year of life, is associated with a lower risk of type 1 diabetes among children. DESIGN: We designed a nationwide case-control study in Norway with 545 cases of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes and 1668 population control subjects. Families were contacted by mail, and they completed a questionnaire on the frequency of use of cod liver oil and other vitamin D supplements and other relevant factors. RESULTS: Use of cod liver oil in the first year of life was associated with a significantly lower risk of type 1 diabetes (adjusted odds ratio: 0.74
Monogenic Forms of Diabetes.; Types 1 and 2 diabetes have multiple and complex genetic influences that interact with environmental triggers, such as viral infections or nutritional excesses, to result in their respective phenotypes: young, lean, and insulin-dependence for type 1 diabetes patients or older, overweight, and often manageable by lifestyle interventions and oral medications for type 2 diabetes patients. A small subset of patients, comprising ~2%–3% of all those diagnosed with diabetes, may have characteristics of either type 1 or type 2 diabetes but have single gene defects that interfere with insulin production, secretion, or action, resulting in clinical diabetes. These types of diabetes are known as MODY, originally defined as maturity-onset diabetes of youth, and severe early-onset forms, such as neonatal diabetes mellitus (NDM). Defects in genes involved in adipocyte development, differentiation, and death pathways cause lipodystrophy syndromes, which are also associated with insulin resistance and diabetes. Although these syndromes are considered rare, more awareness of these disorders and increased availability of genetic testing in clinical and research laboratories, as well as growing use of next generation, whole genome, or exome sequencing for clinically challenging phenotypes, are resulting in increased recognition. A correct diagnosis of MODY, NDM, or lipodystrophy syndromes has profound implications for treatment, genetic counseling, and prognosis. This chapter summarizes the clinical findings, genetic basis, and prognosis for the more common forms of these entities. MODY typically appears before age 25–35 years, in those with a strong family history affecting two to three successive generations, occurs in all races, affects both males and females, and is often misdiagnosed as type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Autoantibodies to islet components are absent, whereas residual insulin secretion is retained, as demonstrated by the concentration of C-peptide in serum at diagnosis. Patients who present with these features should be considered for genetic testing. Three genetic defects (MODY3, MODY2, and MODY1, in order of frequency) comprise ≥85% of all known forms of these entities. MODY3 (more so) and MODY1 patients often respond to oral sulfonylureas, especially at younger ages, and may not require insulin injections. MODY2 patients generally do not require any medication, except during pregnancy to protect the fetus from hyperglycemia, which may cause either macrosomia or small birth weight depending on whether both mother and child have the mutation or not. A correct molecular diagnosis is cost-effective in savings from avoiding insulin, offers precise genetic counseling for a 50% chance of occurrence in each offspring of an affected individual, and generally has a substantially better prognosis for avoidance of the long-term complications of type 1 or type 2 diabetes. NDM presents as transient or permanent diabetes in the newborn, may be corrected by sulfonylurea medication in specific gene mutations, or may be associated with specific syndromes of congenital malformations. Some forms represent familial inheritance, with less severe defects in the same genes masquerading as type 2 diabetes in first-degree relatives, while many represent spontaneous new mutations. NDM is rare, with an estimated incidence of ~1:100,000 live births
Exercise alters the molecular pathways of insulin signaling and lipid handling in maternal tissues of obese pregnant mice.; Obesity during gestation adversely affects maternal and infant health both during pregnancy and for long afterwards. However, recent work suggests that a period of maternal exercise during pregnancy can improve metabolic health of the obese mother and her offspring. This study aimed to identify the physiological and molecular impact of exercise on the obese mother during pregnancy that may lead to improved metabolic outcomes. To achieve this, a 20-min treadmill exercise intervention was performed 5 days a week in diet-induced obese female mice from 1 week before and up to day 17 of pregnancy. Biometric, biochemical and molecular analyses of maternal tissues and/or plasma were performed on day 19 of pregnancy. We found exercise prevented some of the adverse changes in insulin signaling and lipid metabolic pathways seen in the liver, skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of sedentary-obese pregnant dams (p110β, p110α, AKT, SREBP). Exercise also induced changes in the insulin and lipid signaling pathways in obese dams that were different from those observed in control and sedentary-obese dams. The changes induced by obesity and exercise were tissue-specific and related to alterations in tissue lipid, protein and glycogen content and plasma insulin, leptin and triglyceride concentrations. We conclude that the beneficial effects of exercise on metabolic outcomes in obese mothers may be related to specific molecular signatures in metabolically active maternal tissues during pregnancy. These findings highlight potential metabolic targets for therapeutic intervention and the importance of lifestyle in reducing the burden of the current obesity epidemic on healthcare systems.
Maternal cinnamon intake during lactation led to visceral obesity and hepatic metabolic dysfunction in the adult male offspring.; PURPOSE: Studies with foods, known to promote health benefits in addition to the nutritive value, show that their consumption by pregnant and/or lactating females could induce negative outcomes to the offspring. It is well characterized that cinnamon intake promotes benefits to energy homeostasis. The present study aimed to analyze the effects of the consumption of an aqueous extract of cinnamon by lactating female rats on the endocrine-metabolic outcomes in the adult offspring. METHODS: Lactating dams (Wistar rats) were supplemented with cinnamon aqueous extract (400 mg/kg body weight/day) for the entire lactating period. The male adult offspring were evaluated at 180 days old (CinLac). RESULTS: The offspring presented visceral obesity (P = 0.001), hyperleptinemia (P = 0.002), and hyperinsulinemia (P = 0.016). In the liver, CinLac exhibited reduced p-IRβ (P = 0.018) suggesting insulin resistance. However, phosphorylation of IRS1 (P = 0.041) and AKT (P = 0.050) were increased. JAK2 (P = 0.030) and p-STAT3 (P = 0.015) expressions were higher, suggesting that the activation of IRS1/AKT in the CinLac group could have resulted from the increased activation of leptin signaling. Although we observed no changes in the gluconeogenic pathway, the CinLac group exhibited lower hepatic glycogen content (P = 0.005) accompanied by increased p-GSK3β (P = 0.011). In addition, the CinLac group showed increased hepatic triacylglycerol content (P = 0.049) and a mild steatosis (P = 0.001), accompanied by reduced PPARα mRNA expression (P = 0.005). CONCLUSION: We conclude that maternal intake of aqueous extract of cinnamon induces long-term molecular, metabolic, and hormonal changes in the adult progeny, including visceral obesity, higher lipid accumulation, and lower glycogen content in the liver.
Preeclampsia and the Risk of Pancreatitis: A Nationwide, Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a multiple organ dysfunction during pregnancy, including hepatic, renal, and neurological dysfunction, and is defined as hypertension and proteinuria occurring after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Clinical features seen in preeclampsia are due to relatively poorly perfused placenta and maternal endothelial dysfunction. Some studies have found that preeclampsia may cause acute pancreatitis due to microvascular abnormalities and visceral ischemia. This retrospective cohort study used the Taiwanese National Health Insurance Research Databases (NHIRD) to study the relationship between preeclampsia and the risk of pancreatitis. METHODS: In total, 606,538 pregnant women were selected from the NHIRD between January 1, 1998 and December 31, 2010. They were divided into a preeclampsia cohort (n = 485,211) and a nonpreeclampsia cohort (n = 121,327). After adjusting for comorbidities that may induce pancreatitis, we analyzed and compared the incidence of pancreatitis in the two cohorts. RESULTS: The overall incidence of pancreatitis in the preeclampsia cohort was significantly higher than that in the control cohort (4.29 vs. 2.33 per 10,000 person-years). The adjusted HR of developing pancreatitis increased 1.68-fold (95% CI: 1.19-2.36) in the preeclampsia cohort. In addition, pregnant women with preeclampsia without comorbidities had a significantly high risk of pancreatitis (aHR = 1.83, 95% CI 1.27-2.63). The combined effect of preeclampsia and alcohol-related diseases resulted in the highest risk of pancreatitis (aHR = 43.4, 95% CI: 6.06-311.3). CONCLUSION: Compared with patients without preeclampsia, the risk of pancreatitis in patients with preeclampsia is significantly increased after adjusting for demographics and comorbidities. The risk of pancreatitis is greatly increased when preeclampsia is accompanied by alcohol-related diseases, hepatitis C, gallstones, diabetes, or age of 26-35 years. Early identification and effective control of preeclampsia and the associated comorbidities can reduce the risk of pancreatitis and the associated morbidity and mortality.
Influence of leptin administration to pregnant female mice on obesity development, taste preferences, and gene expression in the liver and muscles of their male and female offspring.; . The consumption of food rich in sugar and fat provokes obesity. Prenatal conditions have an impact on taste preferences and metabolism in the adult offspring, and this impact may manifest differently in different sexes. An increase in blood leptin level in pregnant females reduces the risk of obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring, although the mechanisms mediating this effect are unknown. Neither is it known whether maternal leptin affects taste preferences. In this study, we investigated the effect of leptin administration to pregnant mice on the development of diet-induced obesity, food choice, and gene expression in the liver and muscles of the offspring with regard to sex. Leptin was administered to female mice on days 11, 12, and 13 of pregnancy. In male and female offspring, growth rate and intake of standard chow after weaning, obesity development, gene expression in the liver and muscles, and food choice when kept on a high-calorie diet (standard chow, lard, sweet cookies) were recorded. Leptin administration to pregnant females reduced body weight in the female offspring fed on the standard diet. When the offspring were given a high-calorie diet, leptin administration inhibited obesity development and reduced the consumption of cookies only in males. It also increased the consumption of standard chow and the mRNA levels of genes for the insulin receptor and glucose transporter type 4 in the muscles of both male and female offspring. The results demonstrate that an increase in blood leptin levels in pregnant females has a sex-specif ic effect on the metabolism of the offspring increasing resistance to obesity only in male offspring. The mechanism underlying this effect includes a shift in food preference in favor of a balanced diet and maintenance of insulin sensitivity in muscle tissues.
The effect of home exercise on ovulation induction using clomiphene citrate in overweight underserved women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Age-adjusted rates of obesity are reported to be 35.8 % among US adult women and 49 % in some race/ethnicity, underserved populations. (1). Underserved populations often have less access to weight-loss intervention options and are at high risk for obesity related problems including anovulation, infertility, pregnancy-related complications and adverse long-term health outcomes. (2). The purpose of this study was to evaluate a home exercise plan using a pedometer on weight loss, ovulation induction and pregnancy rates in our overweight and obese underserved clinic population. METHODS: Twenty one overweight (BMI ≥ 25-29.9) and obese I-II (BMI ≥ 30-39.9) 18-42 years old were recruited. Participants received an exercise/nutrition questionnaire at the initiation and completion and called weekly for 4 weeks. Ten participants were randomly assigned to the home exercise program (PedGp). PedGp received a pedometer, daily step-count goal, and were called to increase goal by 50 % weekly. All participants then underwent clomiphene stair-step ovulation induction. All study participants were referred to the University Wellness Clinic for diet and exercise counseling. RESULTS: There were high percentages of women with co-morbidities in both groups including fatty liver, low vitamin D, hyperlipidemia, hypothyroidism, prediabetes and diabetes.1. Those completing the 4-week home program increased baseline steps by 21.2 % weekly. Only 3/10 women reached at least one weekly goal of 50 % increase. Although the goal was rarely met, participants who completed study had increased number of daily steps.2. Greater number in PedGp lost weight or stayed the same (5/10 vs. 2/11).3. Greater number in PedGp spontaneously ovulated (4/10 vs. 1/11) or became pregnant (4/10 vs. 3/11). (not statistically significant due to small sample size). CONCLUSION: There are high percentages of comorbidities in this population. Although the goal was rarely met, participants who completed study had increased number of daily steps. A greater number in PedGp lost weight or stayed the same. A greater number in PedGp spontaneously ovulated or became pregnant (not statistically significant due to small sample size). Importantly, 40 % of women who lost weight became pregnant. This is highly encouraging and suggests that the development of pedometer interventions may prove a cost effective option. Weight loss programs for this population hold promise and efficient hospital or community-based programs may prove beneficial.
Postnatal diet remodels hepatic DNA methylation in metabolic pathways established by a maternal high-fat diet.; AIM: We investigate how postweaning diet may modify the epigenetic landscape to meet metabolic demands later in life. METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to a high-fat (HF) diet during gestation and lactation. At weaning, male offspring were placed either on an HF diet (HF/HF) or a control diet (HF/C). Methylation-dependent immunoprecipitation sequencing and methylation-sensitive restriction enzyme sequencing were used to quantify hepatic DNA methylation. RESULTS: Out of the 3966 identified differentially methylated regions, 37% were mapped to gene bodies while 6% fell within promoter or downstream regions. Differentially methylated genes were clustered in the type II diabetes mellitus and the adipocytokine signaling pathways. CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that compared with a lifelong HF diet, offspring exposed to a new postweaning control diet are able to remodel the hepatic epigenome, emphasizing the dynamic nature of the methylome even after early life.
Low protein diet during lactation programs hepatic metabolism in adult male and female rats.; The liver is an essential regulator of energy metabolism, and its function can be disrupted by nutritional alterations. Since liver development continues during breastfeeding nutritional challenges during this period predispose patients to diseases throughout life. A maternal protein-restricted (PR) diet during lactation promotes reductions in the body weight, adiposity, and plasma glucose and insulin, leptin resistance and an increase in corticosterone and catecholamines in adult male rat offspring. Here, we investigated hepatic metabolism in the offspring (both sexes) of PR (8% protein diet during lactation) and control (23% protein diet) dams. Both male and female offspring were evaluated at 6 months of age. PR males had no liver steatosis and manifested a reduction in lipids in hepatocytes adjacent to the vasculature. These animals had lower levels of esterified cholesterol in hepatocytes, suggesting higher biliary excretion, unchanged glycolysis and gluconeogenesis, and lower contents of the markers of mitochondrial redox balance and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response and estrogen receptor alpha. PR females showed normal hepatic morphology associated with higher uptake of cholesterol esters, normal glycolysis and gluconeogenesis, and lower ER stress parameters without changes in the key markers of the redox balance. Additionally, these animals had lower content of estrogen receptor alpha and higher content of androgen receptor. The maternal PR diet during lactation did not program hepatic lipid accumulation in the adult progeny. However, several repair homeostasis pathways were altered in males and females, possibly compromising maintenance of normal liver function.
Biogenic amines: Concentrations in serum and skeletal muscle from late pregnancy until early lactation in dairy cows with high versus normal body condition score.; Biogenic amines (BA) are a class of nitrogenous compounds that are involved in a wide variety of physiological processes, but their role in transition cows is poorly understood. Our objectives were to describe the longitudinal changes of BA in serum and in skeletal muscle during the transition period and to characterize temporal responses of BA in relation to body condition score (BCS) of periparturient dairy cows. Fifteen weeks before calving, 36 multiparous Holstein cows were assigned to 2 groups (n = 18 per group) that were fed differently to reach either high [HBCS
Ameliorative impact of cold-pressed Rosmarinus officinalis oil against liver toxicity and genotoxic effects in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and their offspring.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic, lifelong condition threatening human health. Rosmarinus officinalis oil (RO) could have a future role in DM therapy. This study evaluated the composition and antioxidative potential of RO. Antidiabetic traits of RO in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats was also studied considering the ameliorative impact against embryogenesis defects using in vitro and in vivo biochemical, histological, and genetic assays. RO was investigated for fatty acids and bioactive compounds (tocols and total phenolic compounds), and antiradical potential against DPPH(•) radicals. The genetic effects were investigated using comet assay and DNA fragmentation test. DM was induced to albino rats by injecting 60 mg/kg of STZ, while RO (100 mg/kg b.w.) was administered. The pregnant animals were divided into four groups
Racial and ethnic disparities in the association of maternal infection during pregnancy and risk of cyanotic congenital heart defects in the United States, 2011-2020.; PURPOSE: The etiology of cyanotic congenital heart defects (CCHD) is not well understood. There are scarce data on racial/ethnic disparities in maternal infection and CCHD. We evaluated the relation of maternal infections during pregnancy and risk of CCHD in the United States, and to assess if this association varies by race/ethnicity. METHODS: Data were from the National Vital Statistics System comprising 35.3 million singleton livebirths among mothers aged 15-49 years from 2011 to 2020. Logistic regression models were used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: After adjustment for sociodemographic and maternal health factors, including prepregnancy body mass index, diabetes, hypertension, and smoking during pregnancy, time to prenatal care was initiated and pregnancy complications, any maternal infection, was associated with elevated odds of CCHD (OR: 1.25, 95% CI: 1.15-1.37). The odds of CCHD were mainly evident for sexually transmitted infections, namely chlamydia and hepatitis-C viral infection. The association was limited to non-Hispanic Black (OR: 1.22, 95% CI: 1.03-1.45), Hispanic (OR: 1.61, 95% CI: 1.33-1.95), and Asian (OR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.42-2.91) mothers. CONCLUSIONS: In this population-based study, maternal infection during pregnancy was associated with a modest risk of CCHD in offspring, which was the highest in racial/ethnic minority mothers.
Decreased expression of GLUT4 in male CG-IUGR rats may play a vital role in their increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood.; Rats with intrauterine growth retardation and catch-up growth (CG-IUGR) after birth show increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The expression of glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) decreases in female IUGR offspring rats with seminutrient restriction during pregnancy. However, the male CG-IUGR rats also display an increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. Whether there is another factor, besides GLUT4, in male CG-IUGR rat that mediates their susceptibility to diabetes mellitus? The male IUGR rats with catch-up growth were selected as the research objects. CG-IUGR rats had an increased fasting blood glucose level, and increased serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acid levels. Glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test showed higher glucose levels and much higher insulin levels after a glucose load in CG-IUGR. The mRNA and protein expressions of IRS-2 in liver tissue, and IRS-1 and GLUT4 in skeletal muscle in CG-IUGR rats were down-regulated, but only the GLUT4 down-regulation displayed strong negative correlations with the decreased glucose tolerance capability by Pearson's analysis. The methylation patterns of CpG islands in the promoter regions of IRS-1, IRS-2 and GLUT4 in CG-IUGR rats varied, which was not significantly correlated with their expressions. The male CG-IUGR rats showed decreased glucose tolerant capability, suggesting increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The GLUT4 down-regulation may play a vital role in the development of decreased glucose tolerance in male CG-IUGR rats. The methylation modification of the promoter region of GLUT4 does not appear to be involved in its expression.
The role of periodontitis in cancer development, with a focus on oral cancers.; Periodontitis is a severe gum infection that begins as gingivitis and can lead to gum recession, bone loss, and tooth loss if left untreated. It is primarily caused by bacterial infection, which triggers inflammation and the formation of periodontal pockets. Notably, periodontitis is associated with systemic health issues and has been linked to heart disease, diabetes, respiratory diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cancers. Accordingly, the presence of chronic inflammation and immune system dysregulation in individuals with periodontitis significantly contributes to the initiation and progression of various cancers, particularly oral cancers. These processes promote genetic mutations, impair DNA repair mechanisms, and create a tumor-supportive environment. Moreover, the bacteria associated with periodontitis produce harmful byproducts and toxins that directly damage the DNA within oral cells, exacerbating cancer development. In addition, chronic inflammation not only stimulates cell proliferation but also inhibits apoptosis, causes DNA damage, and triggers the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Collectively, these factors play a crucial role in the progression of cancer in individuals affected by periodontitis. Further, specific viral and bacterial agents, such as hepatitis B and C viruses, human papillomavirus (HPV), Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori), and Porphyromonas gingivalis, contribute to cancer development through distinct mechanisms. Bacterial infections have systemic implications for cancer development, while viral infections provoke immune and inflammatory responses that can lead to genetic mutations. This review will elucidate the link between periodontitis and cancers, particularly oral cancers, exploring their underlying mechanisms to provide insights for future research and treatment advancements.
Severity of COVID-19 in Pregnant Women: A Review on the Potential Role of Regulatory T Cells.; As a physiological condition, pregnancy may cause temporary alterations in the hematological, cardiopulmonary, and immune responses, affecting the maternal susceptibility to viral infections. Pregnant women are vulnerable to infection with the influenza A virus, hepatitis E virus, MERS CoV, and SARS CoV. The agent of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is the SARS coronavirus (SARS CoV-2), which affects the cells upon binding to the angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ACE2). However, ACE2 expression is elevated in the placental tissue. However, surprisingly, COVID-19 infection in pregnant women tends to have a lower severity and mortality. Therefore, it is interesting to find the immunological mechanisms related to the severity of COVID-19 in pregnancy. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) are a subset of CD4+T cells that may play a central role in maintaining maternal tolerance by regulating immune responses. Pregnancy-induced Tregs are developed to control immune responses against paternal antigens expressed by the semi-allograft fetus. The role of uncontrolled immune responses in COVID-19 pathogenesis has already been identified. This review provides insight into whether pregnancy- induced regulatory T-cell functions could influence the severity of COVID-19 infection during pregnancy.
Placental insufficiency contributes to fatty acid metabolism alterations in aged female mouse offspring.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is an accepted risk factor for metabolic disorders in later life, including obesity and type 2 diabetes. The level of metabolic dysregulation can vary between subjects and is dependent on the severity and the type of IUGR insult. Classical IUGR animal models involve nutritional deprivation of the mother or uterine artery ligation. The latter aims to mimic a placental insufficiency, which is the most frequent cause of IUGR. In this study, we investigated whether IUGR attributable to placental insufficiency impacts the glucose and lipid homeostasis at advanced age. Placental insufficiency was achieved by deletion of the transcription factor AP-2y ( Tfap2c), which serves as one of the major trophoblast differentiation regulators. TdelT-IUGR mice were obtained by crossing mice with a floxed Tfap2c allele and mice with Cre recombinase under the control of the Tpbpa promoter. In advanced adulthood (9-12 mo), female and male IUGR mice are respectively 20% and 12% leaner compared with controls. At this age, IUGR mice have unaffected glucose clearance and lipid parameters (cholesterol, triglycerides, and phospholipids) in the liver. However, female IUGR mice have increased plasma free fatty acids (+87%) compared with controls. This is accompanied by increased mRNA levels of fatty acid synthase and endoplasmic reticulum stress markers in white adipose tissue. Taken together, our results suggest that IUGR by placental insufficiency may lead to higher lipogenesis in female mice in advanced adulthood, at least indicated by greater Fasn expression. This effect was sex specific for the aged IUGR females.
A Review on SARS-CoV-2-Induced Neuroinflammation, Neurodevelopmental Complications, and Recent Updates on the Vaccine Development.; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a devastating viral infection caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The incidence and mortality of COVID-19 patients have been increasing at an alarming rate. The mortality is much higher in older individuals, especially the ones suffering from respiratory distress, cardiac abnormalities, renal diseases, diabetes, and hypertension. Existing evidence demonstrated that SARS-CoV-2 makes its entry into human cells through angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE-2) followed by the uptake of virions through cathepsin L or transmembrane protease serine 2 (TMPRSS2). SARS-CoV-2-mediated abnormalities in particular cardiovascular and neurological ones and the damaged coagulation systems require extensive research to develop better therapeutic modalities. As SARS-CoV-2 uses its S-protein to enter into the host cells of several organs, the S-protein of the virus is considered as the ideal target to develop a potential vaccine. In this review, we have attempted to highlight the landmark discoveries that lead to the development of various vaccines that are currently under different stages of clinical progression. Besides, a brief account of various drug candidates that are being tested to mitigate the burden of COVID-19 was also covered. Further, in a dedicated section, the impact of SARS-CoV-2 infection on neuronal inflammation and neuronal disorders was discussed. In summary, it is expected that the content covered in this article help to understand the pathophysiology of COVID-19 and the impact on neuronal complications induced by SARS-CoV-2 infection while providing an update on the vaccine development.
Influence of high fat diet and resveratrol supplementation on placental fatty acid uptake in the Japanese macaque.; INTRODUCTION: Adequate maternal supply and placental delivery of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) is essential for normal fetal development. In humans, maternal obesity alters placental FA uptake, though the impact of diet remains uncertain. The fatty fetal liver observed in offspring of Japanese macaques fed a high fat diet (HFD) was prevented with resveratrol supplementation during pregnancy. We sought to determine the effect of HFD and resveratrol, a supplement with insulin-sensitizing properties, on placental LCPUFA uptake in this model. METHODS: J. macaques were fed control chow (15% fat, n = 5), HFD (35% fat, n = 10) or HFD containing 0.37% resveratrol (n = 5) prior to- and throughout pregnancy. At ∼ 130 d gestation (term = 173 d), placentas were collected by caesarean section. Fatty acid uptake studies using (14)C-labeled oleic acid, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) were performed in placental explants. RESULTS: Resveratrol supplementation increased placental uptake of DHA (P < 0.05), while HFD alone had no measurable effect. Resveratrol increased AMP-activated protein kinase activity and mRNA expression of the fatty acid transporters FATP-4, CD36 and FABPpm (P < 0.05). Placental DHA content was decreased in HFD dams
An analytic approach for describing and prioritizing health inequalities at the local level in Canada: a descriptive study.; BACKGROUND: We present the health inequalities analytic approach used by the Saskatoon Health Region to examine health equity. Our aim was to develop a method that will enable health regions to prioritize action on health inequalities. METHODS: Data from admissions to hospital, physician billing, reportable diseases, vital statistics and childhood immunizations in the city of Saskatoon were analyzed for the years ranging from 1995 to 2011. Data were aggregated to the dissemination area level. The Pampalon deprivation index was used as the measure of socioeconomic status. We calculated annual rates per 1000 people for each outcome. Rate ratios, rate differences, area-level concentration curves and area-level concentration coefficients quantified inequality. An Inequalities Prioritization Matrix was developed to prioritize action for the outcomes showing the greatest inequality. The outcomes measured were cancer, intentional self-harm, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, mental illness, heart disease, diabetes, injury, stroke, chlamydia, tuberculosis, gonorrhea, hepatitis C, high birth weight, low birth weight, teen abortion, teen pregnancy, infant mortality and all-cause mortality. RESULTS: According to the Inequalities Prioritization Matrix, injuries and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were the first and second priorities, respectively, that needed to be addressed related to inequalities in admissions to hospital. For physician billing, mental disorders and diabetes were high-priority areas. Differences in teen pregnancy and all-cause mortality were the most unequal in the vital statistics data. For communicable diseases, hepatitis C was the highest priority. INTERPRETATION: Our findings show that health inequalities exist at the local level and that a method can be developed to prioritize action on these inequalities. Policies should consider health inequalities and adopt population-based and targeted actions to reduce inequalities.
Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) in vascular inflammatory diseases.; Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) also known as amino oxidase copper containing 3 (AOC3) is a pro-inflammatory and versatile molecule with adhesive and enzymatic properties. VAP-1 is a primary amine oxidase belonging to the semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) family, which catalyzes the oxidation of primary amines leading to the production of ammonium, formaldehyde, methylglyoxal, and hydrogen peroxide. VAP-1 is mainly expressed by endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, adipocytes and pericytes. It is involved in a repertoire of biological functions, e.g., immune cell extravasation, angiogenesis, and vascularization. Research into VAP-1 has intensified within the last decade on its role as a novel clinical biomarker and as a potential therapeutic target of vascular inflammatory disorders such as atherosclerosis, stroke, diabetes, neurovascular disorders (e.g., Alzheimer's Disease), hepatic disease (e.g., non-alcoholic steatohepatitis), and skin conditions (e.g., psoriasis). This is the most up-to-date and comprehensive review on VAP-1 focusing on the translational aspects of VAP-1. Compared to recent reviews, our review provides novel insights on VAP-1 and heart failure, stroke and frailty, diabetes, endometriosis, osteoarthritis, COVID-19, conjunctivitis associated systemic lupus erythematosus, hematopoietic stem cells, gliomas, treatment of colorectal cancer with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (U-V269), promoting recovery of motor functions and habit learning with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (PXS-4681A), and 68Ga-DOTA-Siglec-9, a labelled peptide of Siglec-9 (a VAP-1 ligand), which appears to be a safe PET tracer for inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis. Finally, we present the emerging role of VAP-1 in pregnancy as a gatekeeper of immune cells, which are critical for spiral arterial remodeling, the deficiency of which could lead to vascular disorders of pregnancy such as preeclampsia. Future research should prioritize clinical trials on VAP-1 small-molecule inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, thus, maximizing the potential of VAP-1 targeted therapy as well as research into sVAP-1 as a clinical biomarker of diseases and its prognosis.
Peptide-based radioimmunoassay for the two isoforms of the human insulin receptor.; The insulin receptor exists in two isoforms differing by the absence (HIR-A) or presence (HIR-B) of 12 amino acids in the COOH-terminus of the alpha-subunit as a consequence of alternative splicing of exon 11. In this study, we developed a radioimmunoassay for the two isoforms employing antibodies raised against two peptides, one (Pep-12) corresponding to residues encoded by exon 11, and the other (Pep-13) corresponding to a COOH-terminal domain of the alpha-subunit which is common to both HIR-A and HIR-B isoforms. These peptides were iodinated and used as both ligands and standards. The assay is specific, highly reproducible, and sensitive with a detection limit of 10 fmol of receptor. One mole of purified insulin receptor, measured by Scatchard analysis, is read as one mole of receptor in the radioimmunoassay with either Pep-12 or Pep-13 as standards. The radioimmunoassay is applicable to the measurement of total content and relative abundance of the two isoforms in extracts from various tissues. We applied the radioimmunoassay to measure the relative abundance of the two isoforms in fat and muscle from normal, obese non-diabetic and non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) subjects. Results demonstrate that expression of the low-affinity HIR-B form is significantly increased in obese and NIDDM subjects compared with control subjects. In addition, the increased expression of the HIR-B isoform was significantly correlated with both body mass index (r = 0.52
Placental transfer of non-esterified fatty acids in normal and diabetic pregnancy.; The placental transfer of non-esterified fatty acids, predominantly in the direction of mother to fetus, is regulated on a gross scale by the transplacental non-esterified fatty acid gradient. This is maintained by fetal liver lipid uptake and by enhanced lipolysis of circulating triacylglycerol in the pregnant mother. It is also dependent upon maternal placental blood flow, which is reduced in diabetes, upon the fetal umbilical blood flow, upon maternal and fetal albumin concentrations and upon intratrophoblastic fatty acid binding protein, which appears to be altered in diabetes. Circulating maternal triacylglycerols also directly contribute non-esterified fatty acids to the fetus by intraplacental hydrolysis and the hypertriglyceridaemia associated with maternal diabetes, in concert with changes in lipase levels will enhance maternal to fetal lipid flux.
Preconception health care.; Appropriate preconception health care improves pregnancy outcomes. When started at least one month before conception, folic acid supplements can prevent neural tube defects. Targeted genetic screening and counseling should be offered on the basis of age, ethnic background, or family history. Before conception, women should be screened for human immunodeficiency virus and syphilis infection and begin treatment to prevent the transmission of disease to the fetus. Immunizations against hepatitis B, rubella, and varicella should be completed, if needed. Women should be counseled on ways to prevent infection with toxoplasmosis, cytomegalovirus, and parvovirus B19. Environmental toxins such as cigarette smoke, alcohol, and street drugs, and chemicals such as solvents and pesticides should be avoided. In women with diabetes, it is important to optimize disease control through intensive management before pregnancy. Medications for hypertension, epilepsy, thromboembolism, depression, and anxiety should be reviewed and changed, if necessary, before the patient becomes pregnant. Counseling about exercise, obesity, nutritional deficiencies, and the overuse of vitamins A and D is beneficial. Physicians may also choose to discuss occupational and financial issues related to pregnancy and to screen patients for domestic violence.
Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of Melatonin in moderately ill patients with COVID-19: A structured summary of a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: We will evaluate the efficacy and safety of Melatonin, compared to the standard therapeutic regimen on clinical symptoms and serum inflammatory parameters in patients with confirmed COVID-19, who are moderately ill. TRIAL DESIGN: This is a single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with a parallel-group design conducted at Shahid Mohammadi Hospital, Bandar Abbas, Iran. PARTICIPANTS: All patients admitted to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Departments of Shahid Mohammadi Hospital, Bandar Abbas, Iran will be screened for the following criteria. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age ≥20 years 2. Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 diagnosis (positive polymerase chain reaction). 3. Moderate COVID-19 pneumonia (via computed tomography and or X-ray imaging), requiring hospitalization. 4. Hospitalized ≤48 hours. 5. Signing informed consent and willingness of the participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment arm. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Underlying diseases, including chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, seizure, depression, chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis, and cholestatic liver diseases. 2. Severe and critical COVID-19 pneumonia. 3. Use of warfarin, corticosteroids, hormonal drugs, alcohol, other antiviral and investigational medicines, and illegal drugs (during the last 30 days). 4. History of known allergy to Melatonin. 5. Pregnancy and breastfeeding. INTERVENTION AND COMPARATOR: Intervention group: The standard treatment regimen for COVID-19, according to the Iranian Ministry of Health and Medical Education's protocol, along with Melatonin capsules at a dose of 50 mg daily for a period of seven days. CONTROL GROUP: The standard therapeutic regimen for COVID-19 along with Melatonin-like placebo capsules at a dose of one capsule daily for a period of seven days. Both Melatonin and placebo capsules were prepared at the Faculty of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences, Bandar Abbas, Iran. MAIN OUTCOMES: The primary outcomes are the recovery rate of clinical symptoms and oxygen saturation as well as improvement of serum inflammatory parameters, including C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-ɑ), interleukin-1β (IL-1β), and IL-6 within seven days of randomization. The secondary outcomes are the time to improve clinical and paraclinical features along with the incidence of serious adverse drug reactions within seven days of randomization. RANDOMIZATION: Included patients will be allocated to one of the study arms using block randomization in a 1:1 ratio (each block consists of 10 patients). This randomization method ensures a balanced allocation between the arms during the study. A web-based system will generate random numbers for the allocation sequence and concealment of participants. Each number relates to one of the study arms. BLINDING (MASKING): All study participants, clinicians, nurses, research coordinators, and those analyzing the data are blinded to the group assignment. NUMBERS TO BE RANDOMIZED (SAMPLE SIZE): A total of 60 patients randomized into two groups (30 in each group). TRIAL STATUS: The trial protocol is Version 1.0, August 14, 2020. Recruitment began August 22, 2020, and is anticipated to be completed by November 30, 2020. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial protocol has been registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT). The registration number is " IRCT20200506047323N5 ". The registration date was 14 August 2020. FULL PROTOCOL: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting the dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated
Compartmentalized acyl-CoA metabolism in skeletal muscle regulates systemic glucose homeostasis.; The impaired capacity of skeletal muscle to switch between the oxidation of fatty acid (FA) and glucose is linked to disordered metabolic homeostasis. To understand how muscle FA oxidation affects systemic glucose, we studied mice with a skeletal muscle-specific deficiency of long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase (ACSL)1. ACSL1 deficiency caused a 91% loss of ACSL-specific activity and a 60-85% decrease in muscle FA oxidation. Acsl1(M-/-) mice were more insulin sensitive, and, during an overnight fast, their respiratory exchange ratio was higher, indicating greater glucose use. During endurance exercise, Acsl1(M-/-) mice ran only 48% as far as controls. At the time that Acsl1(M-/-) mice were exhausted but control mice continued to run, liver and muscle glycogen and triacylglycerol stores were similar in both genotypes
Iron overload phenotypes and HFE genotypes in white hemochromatosis and iron overload screening study participants without HFE p.C282Y/p.C282Y.; BACKGROUND: Screening program participants with iron overload (IO) phenotypes without HFE p.C282Y/p.C282Y are incompletely characterized. METHODS: We studied white participants who had IO phenotypes without p.C282Y/p.C282Y in post-screening clinical examinations (CE). We defined IO phenotypes as a) elevated serum ferritin (SF) and transferrin saturation (TS) at screening and CE, and b) absence of IO treatment, anemia, transfusion >10 units, alcohol intake >30 g/d, hepatitis B or C, and pregnancy. We defined IO-related disease as elevated alanine or aspartate aminotransferase (ALT/AST) or swelling/tenderness of 2nd/3rd metacarpophalangeal (MCP) joints. All participants had HFE p.C282Y and p.H63D genotyping. RESULTS: There were 32 men and 26 women (mean age 54±16 y). Median food/supplemental iron intakes were 14.3/0.0 mg/d. Relative risks of HFE genotypes were 12.9 (p.C282Y/p.H63D), 3.0 (p.H63D/p.H63D), 1.9 (p.C282Y/wt), 0.9 (p.H63D/wt), and 0.5 (wt/wt) compared to 42,640 white screening participants without IO phenotypes or p.C282Y/p.C282Y. Regression on SF revealed positive associations: MCV (p = 0.0006
Obese mother offspring have hepatic lipidic modulation that contributes to sex-dependent metabolic adaptation later in life.; With the increasing prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age, there is an urgent need to understand the metabolic impact on the fetus. Sex-related susceptibility to liver diseases has been demonstrated but the underlying mechanism remains unclear. Here we report that maternal obesity impacts lipid metabolism differently in female and male offspring. Males, but not females, gained more weight and had impaired insulin sensitivity when born from obese mothers compared to control. Although lipid mass was similar in the livers of female and male offspring, sex-specific modifications in the composition of fatty acids, triglycerides and phospholipids was observed. These overall changes could be linked to sex-specific regulation of genes controlling metabolic pathways. Our findings revised the current assumption that sex-dependent susceptibility to metabolic disorders is caused by sex-specific postnatal regulation and instead we provide molecular evidence supporting in utero metabolic adaptations in the offspring of obese mothers.
Differential effects of prenatal stress on metabolic programming in diet-induced obese and dietary-resistant rats.; Stress during pregnancy is a known contributing factor for the development of obesity in the offspring. Since maternal obesity is on the rise, we wanted to identify the effects of prenatal stress in the offspring of diet-induced obese (DIO) rats and compare them with the offspring of dietary-resistant (DR) rats. We hypothesized that prenatal stress would make both DIO and DR offspring susceptible to obesity, but the effect would be more pronounced in DIO rats. Pregnant DIO and DR rats were divided into two groups: nonstressed controls (control) and prenatal stress (subjected to restraint stress, three times/day from days 14 to 21 of gestation). After recording birth weight and weaning weight, male offspring were weaned onto a chow diet for 9 wk and shifted to a high-fat (HF) diet for 1 wk. At the end of the 10th wk the animals were euthanized, and visceral adipose mass, blood glucose, serum insulin, and C-peptide levels were measured. Prenatal stress resulted in hyperinsulinemia and higher C-peptide levels without altering caloric intake, body weight gain, or fat mass in the DIO offspring after 1 wk of HF intake, but not in DR offspring. To determine the mechanism underlying the hyperinsulinemia, we measured the levels of CEACAM1 that are responsible for insulin clearance. CEACAM1 levels in the liver were reduced in prenatally stressed DIO offspring after the HF challenge, suggesting that preexisting genetic predisposition in combination with prenatal stress increases the risk for obesity in adulthood, especially when offspring are fed a HF diet.
An estimate of blood donor eligibility in the general population.; To estimate the number of adults medically eligible to donate blood, the percent of the general population over the age of 16 deferrable by 13 current American Red Cross donor guidelines was calculated using the best available United States data. Categories examined included age, weight, hematocrit, pregnancy, blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes requiring insulin, male homosexual activity since 1977, intravenous drug use, sexual partner of high-risk group member, recent transfusion, history of cancer, and other (medical, surgical, travel history). Sex-specific total eligibility rates were estimated by serial multiplication of individual eligibility rates (1.0 minus deferral rates) to account for the proportionate overlap of independent categories, with corrections for expected associations between categories. The resultant eligibility rates for women (57%) and men (70%) indicate fewer eligible donors than commonly stated. Surrogate testing (ALT, anti-HBc) for non-A, non-B hepatitis would further reduce the percent of eligible donors to 55 and 67%, respectively. Based on the actual numbers of women and men in the population, these calculations indicate that an equal number of women and men are medically eligible to donate.
Consumption of sucrose, but not high fructose corn syrup, leads to increased adiposity and dyslipidaemia in the pregnant and lactating rat.; Excess consumption of added sugars, including sucrose and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55), have been implicated in the global epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes. This study aimed to investigate and compare the impact of maternal consumption of sucrose or HFCS-55 during pregnancy and lactation on the metabolic health of the dam and her offspring at birth. Female Albino Wistar rats were given access to chow and water, in addition to a sucrose or HFCS-55 beverage (10% w/v) before, and during pregnancy and lactation. Maternal glucose tolerance was determined throughout the study, and a postmortem was conducted on dams following lactation, and on offspring within 24 h of birth. Sucrose and HFCS-55 consumption resulted in increased total energy intake compared with controls, however the increase from sucrose consumption was accompanied by a compensatory decrease in chow consumption. There was no effect of sucrose or HFCS-55 consumption on body weight, however sucrose consumption resulted in increased adiposity and elevated total plasma cholesterol in the dam, while HFCS-55 consumption resulted in increased plasma insulin and decreased plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). Maternal HFCS-55 consumption was associated with decreased relative liver weight and plasma NEFA in the offspring at birth. There was no effect of either treatment on pup weight at birth. These findings suggest that both sucrose and HFCS-55 consumption during pregnancy and lactation have the potential to impact negatively on maternal metabolic health, which may have adverse consequences for the long-term health of the offspring.
Loss of delta-6-desaturase activity as a key factor in aging.; Aging is characterized by a wide variety of defects, particularly in the cardiovascular and immune systems. Cyclic AMP levels fall, especially in lymphocytes. Delta-6-desaturase (D6D) levels have been found to fall rapidly in the testes and more slowly in the liver in aging rats. D6D is an enzyme which converts cis-linoleic acid to gamma-linolenic acid (GLA). Other factors which inhibit D6D activity are diabetes, alcohol and radiation, all of which may be associated with accelerated aging. In meat eaters or omnivores which can acquire arachidonic acid from food, the main consequences of D6D loss will be deficiencies of GLA, dihomogamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and prostaglandin (PG) E1. PGE1 activates T lymphocytes, inhibits smooth muscle proliferation and thrombosis, is important in gonadal function and raises cyclic AMP levels in many tissues. It is a good candidate for a key factor lost in aging. Moderate food restriction, the only manoeuvre which consistently slows aging in homoiotherms, raises D6D activity by 300%. Other factors important in regulating D6D and the conversion of GLA to PGE1 are zinc, pyridoxine, ascorbic acid, the pineal hormone, melatonin, and possibly vitamin B3. GLA administration to humans has been found to lower blood pressure and cholesterol, and to cause clinical improvement in patients with Sjogren's syndrome, scleroderma and alcoholism. These diseases are associated with some features of accelerated aging. The proposition that D6D loss is not only a marker of aging but a cause of some of its major manifestations is amenable to experimental test even in humans. The blocked enzyme can be by-passed by giving GLA directly.
Trends, Characteristics, and Maternal Morbidity Associated With Unhoused Status in Pregnancy.; IMPORTANCE: Unhoused status is a substantial problem in the US. Pregnancy characteristics and maternal outcomes of individuals experiencing homelessness are currently under active investigation to optimize health outcomes for this population. OBJECTIVE: To assess the trends, characteristics, and maternal outcomes associated with unhoused status in pregnancy. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional study analyzed data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project National (Nationwide) Inpatient Sample. The study population included hospitalizations for vaginal and cesarean deliveries from January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2020. Unhoused status of these patients was identified from use of International Statistical Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification code Z59.0. Statistical analysis was conducted from December 2022 to June 2023. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes were (1) temporal trends
Resveratrol Supplementation in Obese Pregnant Rats Improves Maternal Metabolism and Prevents Increased Placental Oxidative Stress.; Maternal obesity (MO) causes maternal and fetal oxidative stress (OS) and metabolic dysfunction. We investigated whether supplementing obese mothers with resveratrol improves maternal metabolic alterations and reduces OS in the placenta and maternal and fetal liver. From weaning through pregnancy female Wistar rats ate chow (C) or a high-fat diet (MO). One month before mating until 19 days' gestation (dG), half the rats received 20 mg resveratrol/kg/d orally (Cres and MOres). At 19dG, maternal body weight, retroperitoneal fat adipocyte size, metabolic parameters, and OS biomarkers in the placenta and liver were determined. MO mothers showed higher body weight, triglycerides and leptin serum concentrations, insulin resistance (IR), decreased small and increased large adipocytes, liver fat accumulation, and hepatic upregulation of genes related to IR and inflammatory processes. Placenta, maternal and fetal liver OS biomarkers were augmented in MO. MOres mothers showed more small and fewer large adipocytes, lower triglycerides serum concentrations, IR and liver fat accumulation, downregulation of genes related to IR and inflammatory processes, and lowered OS in mothers, placentas, and female fetal liver. Maternal resveratrol supplementation in obese rats improves maternal metabolism and reduces placental and liver OS of mothers and fetuses in a sex-dependent manner.
[The fetal adrenal gland in risk pregnancy].; INTRODUCTION: The role of the adrenal gland in the metabolism of foetus and its role in maturation of foetal organs are the principal motives for paying more attention to this vital organ, which is still a great enigma for gynaecologists. The control of the gland is important in normal as well as in risk pregnancies. Of the entities that most often imperil the growth of foetus and adrenal glands are diabetes and hypertension in pregnancy. A consequence of the maternal diabetes may be macrosomy of foetus manifested by increase in foetal body mass and enlargement of organs sensitive to increased concentration of insulin in the foetal blood [6], i.e., the liver, fat tissue, lungs, adrenal glands, heart. Brown and Singer (1988) [2] established that adrenal glands of foetus are imperiled in pregnancies complicated by mother's hypertension. Their conclusion was derived from pathologic findings in foetuses from unsuccessful pregnancies of patients with hypertension. The glands were of reduced sizes. The way to perform precise measuring of glands, which are of dilapidated composition during post mortem examination, is not quite acceptable, since during the manipulation the size may, to some degree, be altered. By introduction of the ultrasound method in medical practice the problem of biometry has been overcome. Besides measuring, of great importance for the study of physiology of the gland is also the analysis of the foetal fluid and foetal blood. The first successful measuring of the adrenal gland of foetus by ultrasound was performed in mid 80s of the last century by Jeanty and Romero [3] via transabdominal path. The aim of our study is the comparison of foetal adrenal glands in normal and high-risk pregnancies. MATERIAL AND METHODS: During a prospective follow-up carried out at the Institute of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Clinical Centre of Serbia, 213 patients, aged from 19 to 44 years were examined. Gestation periods were from the 11th to the 40th week. We divided the patients in 3 groups. The first group consisted of 131 patients with no pathologic changes and whose children were born alive. The second group was formed of 75 pregnant women in whom the course of pregnancy was impaired and disorders in the foetal. From these pregnancies the children were born alive. The third group was composed of 7 patients in whom abortion was indicated. The measured values of foetal adrenal glands diameter in the first group (131 patients), were used for making a nomogram of the glands growth. The measuring was performed with ultrasound apparatus "Toshiba 100 SSA". Transabdominal examination with a probe of 3.75 MHz and transvaginal examination with probes of 5 and 7 MHz were performed. Since the picture of the adrenal gland resembled an ellipse, on the basis of measured diameters and using the formula for circumference of this geometric figure [O = (d1 + d2) x pi/2], we obtained the desired value, which increased with advancement of pregnancy. Patients included in the study were with one-foetus pregnancy, whose last menstruation was precisely dated. Data are presented in a chart. For analysis of the obtained data, in addition to parameter methods, we also used the linear correlation and regression and one-factor analysis of variance. Data base analysis was made in the SPSS for DOS package. RESULTS: In making a nomogram of adrenal glands growth of a foetus old between 11 and 40 weeks, 131 of 213 patients were included, while the other foetuses were excluded as they belonged to high-risk pregnancies. Correlation of the growth of adrenal glands circumference and gestation period of pregnancy are also highly statistically important. The correlation coefficient of the straight line which represents this dependancy, is R = 0.8916, for the significance level of p < 0.01 (GRAPH 1). We observed how the course of pregnancy influenced the growth of foetal adrenal gland in normal pregnancies and in foetuses impaired by a pathological pregnancy course. By the method of one-way variance analysis, we obtained the value of the test, which was F = 2.79
Circulatory and metabolic effects of beta-adrenergic blockade in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus.; Offspring of women with poorly controlled diabetes exhibit hypoxemia, elevated catecholamine concentration at birth, and an increased incidence of fetal death. Experimental fetal hyperinsulinemia results in increased catecholamine concentration and hemodynamic changes including increased combined ventricular output and vasodilation of select fetal organs. We hypothesized that insulin-induced catecholamine-mediated beta-adrenergic stimulation supports some of these hemodynamic changes in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus. To study this, 24 chronically instrumented fetal sheep receiving insulin for 24 h were exposed to beta-(propranolol),beta 1-(metoprolol), and beta 2-(ICI 118,551) adrenergic blockade. Insulin infusion resulted in hyperinsulinemic-hypoglycemia, a surge in epinephrine and norepinephrine concentration, and increases in the combined ventricular output and regional blood flow to the heart, adrenal glands, kidney, gastrointestinal tract, liver, fat, muscle, carcass, and placenta. In the hyperinsulinemic state, beta-adrenergic blockade was associated with significant reductions in the combined ventricular output and blood flow to fat, carcass, lungs, and the placenta
Grandmaternal exercise improves metabolic health of second-generation offspring.; OBJECTIVE: A major factor in the growing world-wide epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes is the increased risk of transmission of metabolic disease from obese mothers to both first (F1) and second (F2) generation offspring. Fortunately, recent pre-clinical studies demonstrate that exercise before and during pregnancy improves F1 metabolic health, providing a potential means to disrupt this cycle of disease. Whether the beneficial effects of maternal exercise can also be transmitted to the F2 generation has not been investigated. METHODS: C57BL/6 female mice were fed a chow or high-fat diet (HFD) and housed in individual cages with or without running wheels for 2 wks before breeding and during gestation. Male F1 offspring were sedentary and chow-fed, and at 8-weeks of age were bred with age-matched females from untreated parents. This resulted in 4 F2 groups based on grandmaternal treatment: chow sedentary
Dynamic Metabolic Disruption in Rats Perinatally Exposed to Low Doses of Bisphenol-A.; Along with the well-established effects on fertility and fecundity, perinatal exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals, and notably to xeno-estrogens, is strongly suspected of modulating general metabolism. The metabolism of a perinatally exposed individual may be durably altered leading to a higher susceptibility of developing metabolic disorders such as obesity and diabetes
Pregnancy outcomes in women with thalassemia in North America and the United Kingdom.; Improved survival in thalassemia has refocused attention on quality of life, including family planning. Understanding the issues associated with infertility and adverse pregnancy outcomes may impact clinical care of patients with thalassemia. We report the number and outcomes of pregnancies among subjects enrolled in Thalassemia Clinical Research Network (TCRN) registries and examine variables associated with successful childbirth. We identified 129 pregnancies in 72 women among the 264 women, age 18 years or older in our dataset. Over 70% of pregnancies resulted in live births and 73/83 (88%) of live births occurred at full term. Most pregnancies (78.2%) were conceived without reproductive technologies. Most (59.3%) pregnancies occurred while on chronic transfusion programs, however only 38.9% were on iron chelation. Four women developed heart problems. Iron burden in women who had conceived was not significantly different from age- and diagnosis-matched controls that had never been pregnant. There was also no difference in pregnancy outcomes associated with diagnosis, transfusion status, diabetes or Hepatitis C infection. Pregnancies occurred in 27.3% of women with thalassemia of child-bearing age in the TCRN registries, a notable increase from our previous 2004 report. With optimal health maintenance, successful pregnancies may be achievable.
Neutralizing Antibody Response after Intramuscular Purified Vero Cell Rabies Vaccination (PVRV) in Iranian Patients with Specific Medical Conditions.; OBJECTIVE: Post exposure prophylaxis using one of the WHO-approved vaccines is the method of choice for preventing rabies. Abnormal immune function in patients with some specific medical conditions, such as pregnancy, chronic hepatitis B virus infection, different types of cancers like lymphoma, diabetes I and II, corticosteroid consumption by patients with rheumatoid arthritis and lupus erythematosus, could impair the immunologic response to various vaccines. The immune response to rabies vaccination has never been examined in patients with any of these described medical conditions. This study purposed to evaluate the neutralyzing antibody response after vaccination with purified Vero cell rabies vaccine (PVRV) according to the WHO-recommended Post-Exposure Prophylaxis (PEP) "ESSEN" regimen. METHODS: Thirty healthy volunteers and 50 volunteers with different medical conditions who were exposed to a suspected rabid animal in the 2nd or 3rd category of exposure received 5 doses of PVRV under the ESSEN protocol. Three blood samples were collected on days 0 (before the first dose), 14, and 35. The anti-rabies antibody titer was measured using the Rapid Fluorescent Foci Inhibition Test (RFFIT) and an ELISA Bio-Rad, Platelia, Rabies II kit. RESULTS: All subjects reached NAb titers above 0.5 IU/ml by day 14 after vaccination. On day 35 (1 week after receiving the last rabies vaccine), anti-rabies antibodies were in the protective level (>0.5 IU/ml) in both groups. There was no statistically significant difference in anti-rabies antibody response due to the type of exposure (category 2 or 3), and successful seroconversion was confirmed in both groups. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the ESSEN protocol using the PVRV vaccine is sufficient for rabies prophylaxis in patients with specific medical conditions.
Intermediary metabolism in pregnancy. First theme of the Freinkel era.; During the first half of gestation in the rat, maternal net body weight increases rapidly, whereas in the second half of gestation, the mass of maternal structures declines, coincident with the rate of maternal fat accumulation. Enhanced maternal food intake, extrahepatic tissue lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity, and adipose tissue lipogenesis are responsible for the progressive accumulation of maternal fat. However, during late gestation, decreased fat synthesis in maternal adipose tissue, enhanced lipolytic activity, and decreased LPL activity deplete maternal fat depots. These changes, plus enhanced endogenous production of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, are also responsible for maternal hypertriglyceridemia. This condition benefits the offspring in two ways: 1) enhanced LPL activity in maternal liver when fasting increases triglyceride consumption for ketone body synthesis, giving the basis for accelerated starvation
Changes in Metabolism, Mitochondrial Function, and Oxidative Stress Between Female Rats Under Nonreproductive and 3 Reproductive Conditions.; Women who do not lactate display increased incidence of obesity, type II diabetes, and cancer. Stuebe and Rich-Edwards proposed that these effects occur because physiological changes that ensue during pregnancy are not reversed without lactation. To empirically test this hypothesis, we compared markers of metabolism, mitochondrial function, and oxidative stress between 4 groups of Sprague-Dawley rats: (1) nonreproductive (NR) rats, (2) rats killed at day 20 of gestation, (3) rats that gave birth but were not allowed to suckle their pups (nonlactating), and (4) rats that suckled their young for 14 days. Nonlactating females displayed higher body fat compared to all other groups. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ (PPARδ) in skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of nonlactating rats was lower than the other groups. The PPARδ is associated with lipid metabolism suggesting that the higher fat mass in nonlactating females was not associated with the retention of a physiological state that was set during pregnancy but instead an independent drop in PPARδ. Relative mitochondrial respiratory function and complex activity in the liver and skeletal muscle of nonlactating mice were not predictive of higher body mass, and measures of oxidative stress displayed minimal variation between groups.
Developmental Programming of the Fetal Immune System by Maternal Western-Style Diet: Mechanisms and Implications for Disease Pathways in the Offspring.; Maternal obesity and over/undernutrition can have a long-lasting impact on offspring health during critical periods in the first 1000 days of life. Children born to mothers with obesity have reduced immune responses to stimuli which increase susceptibility to infections. Recently, maternal western-style diets (WSDs), high in fat and simple sugars, have been associated with skewing neonatal immune cell development, and recent evidence suggests that dysregulation of innate immunity in early life has long-term consequences on metabolic diseases and behavioral disorders in later life. Several factors contribute to abnormal innate immune tolerance or trained immunity, including changes in gut microbiota, metabolites, and epigenetic modifications. Critical knowledge gaps remain regarding the mechanisms whereby these factors impact fetal and postnatal immune cell development, especially in precursor stem cells in bone marrow and fetal liver. Components of the maternal microbiota that are transferred from mothers consuming a WSD to their offspring are understudied and identifying cause and effect on neonatal innate and adaptive immune development needs to be refined. Tools including single-cell RNA-sequencing, epigenetic analysis, and spatial location of specific immune cells in liver and bone marrow are critical for understanding immune system programming. Considering the vital role immune function plays in offspring health, it will be important to understand how maternal diets can control developmental programming of innate and adaptive immunity.
Postnatal weaning to different diets leads to different reproductive phenotypes in female offspring following perinatal exposure to high levels of dietary advanced glycation end products.; OBJECTIVE: To examine, following perinatal exposure to a diet high in advanced glycation end products (AGEs), whether the use of standard AGE-free mouse chow during the postweaning period alters metabolism and reproduction differently than exposure to a diet low in AGEs. DESIGN: Experimental animal study. SETTING: University-based research laboratory. ANIMAL(S): Female CD1 mice. INTERVENTION(S): Seven-week-old mice were placed on a diet either low or high in AGEs perinatally, before mating and then during pregnancy and lactation. All offspring were weaned onto an AGE-free normal chow. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Growth curve, liver and abdominal fat weight, insulin and glucose tolerance tests, vaginal opening, estrous cyclicity, and serum levels of antimüllerian hormone, leptin, and adiponectin were assessed. Ovarian histologic examination for follicular count and gene expression was also performed. RESULT(S): Compared with the mice exposed to a diet low in AGEs, the mice exposed to a diet high in AGEs showed lower body weight in pups, lower liver weight, delayed vaginal opening, higher serum antimüllerian hormone levels, lower primordial and secondary follicle pools, and higher ovarian Fshr messenger RNA levels. CONCLUSION(S): Following weaning, perinatal AGEs can target puberty onset and folliculogenesis differently to standard mouse chow.
Perinatal exposure to high dietary advanced glycation end products affects the reproductive system in female offspring in mice.; Maternal nutrition and the intrauterine environment are important in determining susceptibility to reproductive and metabolic disturbances. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are widely consumed in Western diet. The purpose of this study was to determine whether perinatal exposure to a high levels of dietary AGEs affect metabolic and reproductive parameters in female mice offspring. Female CD1 mice, 7 weeks old, were placed on either a diet low (L-AGE) or high (H-AGE) in AGEs before mating and then during pregnancy and lactation. All offspring were weaned onto the L-AGE diet and studied through to 16 weeks of age
Maternal exposure to Western diet affects adult body composition and voluntary wheel running in a genotype-specific manner in mice.; Some human diseases, including obesity, Type II diabetes, and numerous cancers, are thought to be influenced by environments experienced in early life, including in utero. Maternal diet during the perinatal period may be especially important for adult offspring energy balance, potentially affecting both body composition and physical activity. This effect may be mediated by the genetic background of individuals, including, for example, potential "protective" mechanisms for individuals with inherently high levels of physical activity or high basal metabolic rates. To examine some of the genetic and environmental factors that influence adult activity levels, we used an ongoing selection experiment with 4 replicate lines of mice bred for high voluntary wheel running (HR) and 4 replicate, non-selected control lines (C). Dams (half HR and half C) were fed a "Western" diet (WD, high in fat and sucrose) or a standard diet (SD) from 2weeks prior to mating until their pups could feed on solid food (14days of age). We analyzed dam and litter characteristics from birth to weaning, and offspring mass and physical activity into adulthood. One male offspring from each litter received additional metabolic and behavioral tests. Maternal WD caused pups to eat solid food significantly earlier for C litters, but not for HR litters (interaction of maternal environment and genotype). With dam mass as a covariate, mean pup mass was increased by maternal WD but litter size was unaffected. HR dams had larger litters and tended to have smaller pups than C dams. Home-cage activity of juvenile focal males was increased by maternal WD. Juvenile lean mass, fat mass, and fat percent were also increased by maternal WD, but food consumption (with body mass as a covariate) was unaffected (measured only for focal males). Behavior in an elevated plus maze, often used to indicate anxiety, was unaffected by maternal WD. Maximal aerobic capacity (VO(2)max) was also unaffected by maternal WD, but HR had higher VO(2)max than C mice. Adult lean, fat, and total body masses were significantly increased by maternal WD, with greater increase for fat than for lean mass. Overall, no aspect of adult wheel running (total distance, duration, average running speed, maximum speed) or home-cage activity was statistically affected by maternal WD. However, analysis of the 8 individual lines revealed that maternal WD significantly increased wheel running in one of the 4 HR lines. On average, all groups lost fat mass after 6days of voluntary wheel running, but the absolute amount lost was greater for mice with maternal WD resulting in no effect of maternal WD on absolute or % body fat after wheel access. All groups gained lean and total body mass during wheel access, regardless of maternal WD or linetype. Measured after wheel access, circulating leptin, adiponectin, and corticosterone concentrations were unaffected by maternal WD and did not differ between HR and C mice. With body mass as a covariate, heart ventricle mass was increased by maternal WD in both HR and C mice, but fat pads, liver, spleen, and brain masses were unaffected. As found previously, HR mice had larger brains than C mice. Body mass of grand-offspring was unaffected by grand-maternal WD, but grand-offspring wheel running was significantly increased for one HR line and decreased for another HR line by grand-maternal WD. In summary, maternal Western diet had long-lasting and general effects on offspring adult morphology, but effects on adult behavior were limited and contingent on sex and genetic background.
Proceedings of the 3rd IPLeiria's International Health Congress : Leiria, Portugal. 6-7 May 2016.; S1 Health literacy and health education in adolescence Catarina Cardoso Tomás S2 The effect of a walking program on the quality of life and well-being of people with schizophrenia Emanuel Oliveira, D. Sousa, M. Uba-Chupel, G. Furtado, C. Rocha, A. Teixeira, P. Ferreira S3 Diagnosis and innovative treatments - the way to a better medical practice Celeste Alves S4 Simulation-based learning and how it is a high contribution Stefan Gisin S5 Formative research about acceptability, utilization and promotion of a home fortification programme with micronutrient powders (MNP) in the Autonomous Region of Príncipe, São Tomé and Príncipe Elisabete Catarino, Nelma Carvalho, Tiago Coucelo, Luís Bonfim, Carina Silva S6 Safety culture of the patient: a reflexion about the therapeutic approach on the patient with vocal pathology Débora Franco S7 About wine, fortune cookies and patient experience Jesús Alcoba González O1 The psychological impact on the emergency crews after the disaster event on February 20, 2010 Helena G. Jardim, Rita Silva O2 Musculoskeletal disorders in midwives Cristina L. Baixinho, Mª Helena Presado, Mª Fátima Marques, Mário E. Cardoso O3 Negative childhood experiences and fears of compassion: Implications for psychological difficulties in adolescence Marina Cunha, Joana Mendes, Ana Xavier, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O4 Optimal age to give the first dose of measles vaccine in Portugal João G. Frade, Carla Nunes, João R. Mesquita, Maria S. Nascimento, Guilherme Gonçalves O5 Functional assessment of elderly in primary care Conceição Castro, Alice Mártires, Mª João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho O6 Smoking and coronary events in a population of Spanish health-care centre: An observational study Francisco P. Caballero, Fatima M. Monago, Jose T. Guerrero, Rocio M. Monago, Africa P. Trigo, Milagros L. Gutierrez, Gemma M. Milanés, Mercedes G. Reina, Ana G. Villanueva, Ana S. Piñero, Isabel R. Aliseda, Francisco B. Ramirez O7 Prevalence of musculoskeletal injuries in Portuguese musicians Andrea Ribeiro, Ana Quelhas, Conceição Manso O8 Hip fractures, psychotropic drug consumption and comorbidity in patients of a primary care practice in Spain Francisco P. Caballero, Jose T. Guerrero, Fatima M. Monago, Rafael B. Santos, Nuria R. Jimenez, Cristina G. Nuñez, Inmaculada R. Gomez, Mª Jose L. Fernandez, Laura A. Marquez, Ana L. Moreno, Mª Jesus Tena Huertas, Francisco B. Ramirez O9 The role of self-criticism and shame in social anxiety in a clinical SAD sample Daniel Seabra, Mª Céu Salvador O10 Obstruction and infiltration: a proposal of a quality indicator Luciene Braga, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Bibiana F. Oliveira, Mª Adriana Henriques O11 Balance and anxiety and depression symptoms in old age people Joana Santos, Sara Lebre, Alda Marques O12 Prevalence of postural changes and risk factors in school children and adolescents in a northern region (Porto) Clarinda Festas, Sandra Rodrigues, Andrea Ribeiro, José Lumini O13 Ischemic stroke vs. haemorrhagic stroke survival rate Ana G. Figueiredo O14 Chronobiological factors as responsible for the appearance of locomotor pathology in adolescents Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Liliana Campi, Mª Pino Quintana-Montesdeoca, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvenida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera O15 Risk of malnutrition in the elderly of Bragança Alexandra Parente, Mª Augusta Mata, Ana Mª Pereira, Adília Fernandes, Manuel Brás O16 A Lifestyle Educational Programme for primary care diabetic patients: the design of a complex nursing intervention Mª Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Ana C. Rei, Lisete M. Mónico O17 Medication adherence in elderly people Gilberta Sousa, Clementina Morna, Otília Freitas, Gregório Freitas, Ana Jardim, Rita Vasconcelos O18 Hospitalization for cervical cancer of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Lina G. Horta, Roger S. Rosa, Luís F. Kranz, Rita C. Nugem, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin O19 Oncologic assistance of high complexity: evaluation of regulating accesses Rosiane Kniess, Josimari T. Lacerda O20 Perceived barriers for using health care services by the older population as seen by the social sector: findings from the Vila Nova de Gaia Gerontological Plan Joana Guedes, Idalina Machado, Sidalina Almeida, Adriano Zilhão, Helder Alves, Óscar Ribeiro O21 Sleep difficulties and depressive symptoms in college students Ana P. Amaral, Ana Santos, Joana Monteiro, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O22 Psychopathological symptoms and medication use in higher education Ana P. Amaral, Marina Lourenço, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O23 Sexually transmitted diseases in higher education institutions Sandra Antunes, Verónica Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O24 Alcohol consumption and suicide ideation in higher education students Lídia Cabral, Manuela Ferreira, Amadeu Gonçalves O25 Quality of life in university students Tatiana D. Luz, Leonardo Luz, Raul Martins O26 Male and female adolescent antisocial behaviour: characterizing vulnerabilities in a Portuguese sample Alice Morgado, Maria L. Vale-Dias O27 Risk factors for mental health in higher education students of health sciences Rui Porta-Nova O28 International classification of functioning disability and health as reflexive reasoning in primary attention in health Tânia C. Fleig, Éboni M. Reuter, Miriam B. Froemming, Sabrina L. Guerreiro, Lisiane L. Carvalho O29 Risk factors and cardiovascular disease in Portalegre Daniel Guedelha, P. Coelho, A. Pereira O30 Health status of the elderly population living in Portalegre historic city centre: A longitudinal study António Calha, Raul Cordeiro O31 Student’s sleep in higher education: sleep quality among students of the IPB Ana Gonçalves, Ana Certo, Ana Galvão, Mª Augusta Mata O32 Trend in mortality from cervical cancer in the metropolitan area of Florianópolis, state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, 2000 to 2013 Aline Welter, Elayne Pereira, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia Kretzer O33 Adherence to treatment in the elderly in an urban environment in Spain Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Carla Jiménez-Rodríguez, Francisco-José Hernández-Martínez, Bienvenida-Del-Carmen Rodríguez-De-Vera, Alexandre Marques-Rodrigues O34 Beira Baixa Blood Pressure Study (Study PABB) Patrícia Coelho, Tiago Bernardes, Alexandre Pereira O35 Trends in cervical cancer mortality statistics in Santa Catarina State, Brazil, by age group and macro-region, from 2000 to 2013 Patrícia Sousa, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer O36 Sleep problems among Portuguese adolescents: a public health issue Odete Amaral, António Garrido, Nélio Veiga, Carla Nunes, Ana R. Pedro, Carlos Pereira O37 Association between body fat and health-related quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes António Almeia, Helder M. Fernandes, Carlos Vasconcelos, Nelson Sousa, Victor M. Reis, M. João Monteiro, Romeu Mendes O38 Therapy adherence and polypharmacy in non-institutionalized elderly from Amares county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, João Gama O39 Prevalence of surgical site infection in adults at a hospital unit in the North of Portugal Vera Preto, Norberto Silva, Carlos Magalhães, Matilde Martins O40 Frailty phenotype in old age: implications to intervention Mafalda Duarte, Constança Paúl, Ignácio Martín O41 Portuguese women: sexual symptoms in perimenopause Arminda A. Pinheiro O42 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – preliminary results of the categorical approach Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Mariana Marques, António Macedo, Ana T. Pereira O43 Aging and muscle strength in patients with type 2 diabetes: cross sectional analysis José P. Almeida, António Almeida, Josiane Alves, Nelson Sousa, Francisco Saavedra, Romeu Mendes O44 Accessibility of the elderly in the prevention of hypertension in a family health unit Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Luci S. Lopes, Eujcely C. Santiago O45 Community Health screenings and self-reported chronic diseases Sílvia Monteiro, Ângelo Jesus, Armanda Colaço, António Carvalho, Rita P. Silva, Agostinho Cruz O46 Evaluation of indoor air quality in Kindergartens Ana Ferreira, Catarina Marques, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O47 Atmospheric exposure to chemical agents under the occupational activity of pathology technicians Ana Ferreira, Carla Lopes, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo O48 Occupational exposure to air pollutants in night entertainment venues workers Ana Ferreira, Diana Ribeiro, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O49 Beliefs and attitudes of young people towards breastfeeding Telma Fernandes, Diogo Amado, Jéssica Leal, Marcelo Azevedo, Sónia Ramalho O50 Profiling informal caregivers: surveying needs in the care of the elderly Catarina Mangas, Jaime Ribeiro, Rita Gonçalves O51 Visual health in teenagers Amélia F Nunes, Ana R. Tuna, Carlos R. Martins, Henriqueta D. Forte O52 Amenable mortality and the geographic accessibility to healthcare in Portugal Cláudia Costa, José A. Tenedório, Paula Santana O53 Bacterial contamination of door handles in a São Paulo See Metropolitan Cathedral public restrooms in Brazil J. A. Andrade, J. L. Pinto, C. Campofiorito, S. Nunes, A. Carmo, A. Kaliniczenco, B. Alves, F. Mendes, C. Jesus, F. Fonseca, F. Gehrke O54 Adherence of patients to rehabilitation programmes Carlos Albuquerque, Rita Batista, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira, Olivério Ribeiro, Rosa Martins O55 Prevalence of malnutrition among Portuguese elderly living in nursing homes: preliminary results of the PEN-3S project Teresa Madeira, Catarina Peixoto-Plácido, Nuno Santos, Osvaldo Santos, Astrid Bergland, Asta Bye, Carla Lopes, Violeta Alarcão, Beatriz Goulão, Nuno Mendonça, Paulo Nicola, João G. Clara O56 Relation between emotional intelligence and mental illness in health students João Gomes, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, Marina Cordeiro P1 Fall risk factors in people older than 50 years old – a pilot report Marlene C. Rosa, Alda Marques P2 What about the Portuguese oldest old? A global overview using census data Daniela Brandão, Óscar Ribeiro, Lia Araújo, Constança Paúl P3 Prevalence of injuries in senior amateur volleyball athletes in Alentejo and Algarve clubs, Portugal: factors associated Beatriz Minghelli, Sylvina Richaud P4 Shame feelings and quality of life: the role of acceptance and decentring Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P5 Assessment of social support during deployment in portuguese colonial war veterans Teresa Carvalho, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia P6 Hospitalization for acute viral bronchiolitis of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Morgana C. Fernandes, Roger S. Rosa, Rita C. Nugem, Luís F. Kranz, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin P7 Falls-risk screening – an opportunity for preventing falls in the elderly from Nordeste Anabela C. Martins, Anabela Medeiros, Rafaela Pimentel, Andreia Fernandes, Carlos Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Susana Andrade, Ruth L. Menezes P8 Aging provokes chronodisruption in mature people in temperature circadian rhythm Rafael Bravo, Marta Miranda, Lierni Ugartemendia, José Mª Tena, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Lorena Fuentes-Broto, Ana B. Rodríguez, Barriga Carmen P9 The influence of climate and pollution factors in dengue cases of great ABC region, São Paulo M. A. Carneiro, J. N. Domingues, S. Paixão, J. Figueiredo, V. B. Nascimento, C. Jesus, F Mendes, F. Gehrke, B. Alves, L. Azzalis, F. Fonseca P10 Visual function and impact of visual therapy in children with learning disabilities: a pilot study Ana R. Martins, Amélia Nunes, Arminda Jorge P11 Edentulism and the need of oral rehabilitation among institutionalized elderly Nélio Veiga, Ana Amorim, André Silva, Liliana Martinho, Luís Monteiro, Rafael Silva, Carina Coelho, Odete Amaral, Inês Coelho, Carlos Pereira, André Correia P12 Therapy adherence of outpatients in the pharmacy services of a hospital unit Diana Rodrigues, Nídia Marante, Pedro Silva, Sara Carvalho, André Rts Araujo, Maximiano Ribeiro, Paula Coutinho, Sandra Ventura, Fátima Roque P13 Universal access and comprehensive care of oral health: an availability study Cristina Calvo, Manoela Reses P14 Is the respiratory function of children a predictor of air quality? Coimbra as a case study Jorge Conde, Ana Ferreira, João Figueiredo P15 Meaning-in-life of college students David Silva, Luís Seiça, Raquel Soares, Ricardo Mourão, Teresa Kraus O57 Training needs for nurses in palliative care Ana C. Abreu, José M. Padilha, Júlia M. Alves O58 Impact of computerized information systems in the global nurses’ workload: nurses’ perceptions and real-time Paulino Sousa, Manuel Oliveira, Joana Sousa O59 The perspective of health care professionals on self-care in hereditary neurodegenerative disease: a qualitative study Sónia Novais, Felismina Mendes O60 Contribution for health-related physical fitness reference values in healthy adolescents Joana Pinto, Joana Cruz, Alda Marques School of Health Sciences, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal O61 Perception of learning, satisfaction and self-efficacy of nursing students about High-Fidelity Simulation Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa O62 Analysis of statements of diagnosis about health deviation in self-care requisites customized in a Nursing Practice Support System (SAPE®): Management of therapeutic regimen Inês Cruz, Fernanda Bastos, Filipe Pereira O63 Hybrid management and hospital governance: doctors and nurses as managers Francisco L. Carvalho, Teresa T. Oliveira, Vítor R. Raposo O64 Time management in health professionals Conceição Rainho, José C. Ribeiro, Isabel Barroso, Vítor Rodrigues O65 Financial rewards and wellbeing in primary health care Carmo Neves, Teresa C. Oliveira O66 Patient safety promotion in the operating room Bárbara Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais, Pilar Baylina O67 Difficulties and needs of pre-graduate nursing students in the area of Geriatrics/Gerontology Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente O68 Teaching and learning sexuality in nursing education Hélia Dias, Margarida Sim-Sim O69 Entrepreneurial Motivations Questionnaire: AFC and CFA in academy Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Amélia Castilho, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, José Gomes, Marina Vaquinhas, Carla Carvalho, Lisete Mónico, Nuno Brito O70 Nursing intervention to patient with Permanent Pacemakers and Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillators: a qualitative analysis Cassilda Sarroeira, José Amendoeira, Fátima Cunha, Anabela Cândido, Patrícia Fernandes, Helena R. Silva, Elsa Silva O71 Alcohol consumption among nursing students: where does education fail? Isabel Barroso, Leila Lapa, Cristina Antunes O72 Labour stress in nursing Ana Gonçalves, Ana Galvão, Mª José Gomes, Susana R. Escanciano O73 The influence of safe staff nursing in patient satisfaction with nursing care Maria Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O74 Intention to use eHealth strategies with nursing students Ana R. Fernandes, Cremilde Cabral, Samuel Alves, Pedro Sousa O75 Community Based Mental Health: contributions of an interdisciplinary international program for students in higher health education António Ferreira, Fernanda Príncipe, Ulla-Maija Seppänen, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva O76 Study of satisfaction at work of graduates in nursing: 2002-2014 Manuela Ferreira, Joana Silva, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Bruno Santos, Soraia Duarte O77 Health professionals’ attitudes towards breastfeeding Sílvia Marques, Sónia Ramalho, Isabel Mendes O78 Continuity of nursing care to person with type 2 diabetes Clarisse Louro, Eva Menino, Maria Dixe, Sara S. Dias O79 Stigma toward mental illness among future health professionals Marina Cordeiro, Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes O80 Working with fears and anxieties of medical students in search of a humanized care Frederico C. Valim, Joyce O. Costa, Lúcia G. Bernardes P16 Surgical paediatrics patients’ psycho prophylaxis at a teaching hospital Helena Prebianchi P17 Patient-perceived outcomes in physiotherapy – a pilot study Marlene Cristina Rosa P18 Building competencies for managers in nursing Narcisa Gonçalves, Maria M. Martins, Paulina Kurcgant P19 Theoretical basis underlying physiotherapy practice in stroke rehabilitation André Vieira P20 When the life-cycle ends: the nurse’s confrontation with death Sandrina Bento, Sérgio Deodato, Isabel Rabiais P21 Nursing students’ opinion about the supervision relationship during their first clinical experience Laura Reis P22 Nursing Relational Laboratory: Pedagogical, dialogic and critical project Ana Torres, Sérgio Soares, Margarida Ferreira, Pedro Graça P23 Job satisfaction of bioscientists at a Lisbon hospital Céu Leitão, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém, Ana Almeida, Edna Ribeiro-Varandas, Ana Tavares P24 Sociodemographic and professional profile of nurses and its relation with the importance of family in nursing practices João G. Frade, Carolina Henriques, Eva Menino, Clarisse Louro, Célia Jordão P25 Professional satisfaction of rehabilitation nurses Sofia Neco, Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira P26 The person living with a stoma: the formalization of knowledge in nursing Carla R. Silva, Alice Brito, Antónia Silva P27 Validation of the Portuguese versions of the nursing students’ perceptions of learning and learner satisfaction with simulation tool Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa P28 Physiotherapists’ perceived knowledge on technologies for electronic health records for physiotherapy Gabriela Postolache, Raul Oliveira, Isabel Moreira, Luísa Pedro, Sónia Vicente, Samuel Domingos, Octavian Postolache P29 Quality of life and physical activity of medicine undergraduate students in the University of Southern Santa Catarina, Brazil Darlen Silva, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer, Dulcineia Schneider P30 The curricular skills for decision making education in a Nursing Degree Fátima M. Marques P31 Effect of nurses’ mobilization in satisfaction at work and turnover: An empirical study in the hospital setting Pedro Parreira, Carla Carvalho, Lisete M. Mónico, Carlos Pinto, Sara Vicente, São João Breda P32 Entrepreneurial skills of students of polytechnic higher education in Portugal: Business influences José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro, João Graveto, Marina Vaquinhas, Amélia Castilho P33 Design and assessment of e-learning modules for Pharmacology Ângelo Jesus, Nuno Duarte, José C. Lopes, Hélder Nunes, Agostinho Cruz P34 Perspective of nurses involved in an action-research study on the changes observed in care provision: results from a focus group Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Luciene M. Braga P35 Use of peer feedback by nursing students during clinical training: teacher’s perception António Ferreira, Beatriz Araújo, José M. Alves, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva, Sónia Novais P36 What’s new on endotracheal suctioning recommendations Ana S. Sousa, Cândida Ferrito P37 Assessment of the nurses satisfaction on the Central Region of Portugal Pedro L. Ferreira, Alexandre Rodrigues, Margarida Ferreira, Isabel Oliveira P38 Study of graduate’s satisfaction with the school of nursing Manuela Ferreira, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Soraia Duarte, Joana Silva, Bruno Santos P39 Partnership between the school of nursing and the hospital: Supervisors´ perspectives Cristina Martins, Ana P. Macedo, Odete Araújo, Cláudia Augusto, Fátima Braga, Lisa Gomes, Maria A. Silva, Rafaela Rosário P40 Coping strategies of college students Luís Pimenta, Diana Carreira, Patrícia Teles, Teresa Barros P41 Emotional intelligence and mental health stigma in health students Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro P42 Stigma of mental health assessment: Comparison between health courses Daniel Carvalho, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O81 Short- and long-term effects of pulmonary rehabilitation in mild COPD Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O82 Phonological awareness programme for preschool children Sylvie Capelas, Andreia Hall, Dina Alves, Marisa Lousada O83 REforma ATIVA: An efficient health promotion program to be implemented during retirement Mª Helena Loureiro, Ana Camarneiro, Margarida Silva, Aida Mendes, Ana Pedreiro O84 Intervention for men who batter women, a case report Anne G.Silva, Elza S. Coelho O85 Immediate effects of Bowen Therapy on muscle tone and flexibility Flávio Melo, Fernando Ribeiro, Rui Torres, Rui Costa O86 Predictive equation for incremental shuttle walk test in adolescents Tânia Pinho, Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O87 Life satisfaction and psychopathology in institutionalized elderly people: The results of an adapted Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction program Bárbara Cruz, Daniel Seabra, Diogo Carreira, Maria Ventura O88 Outcome changes in COPD rehabilitation: exploring the relationship between physical activity and health-related outcomes Joana Cruz, Dina Brooks, Alda Marques O89 Assessing the effectiveness of a Complex Nursing Intervention M Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta Lima-Basto, Miguel Neves, Lisete M. Mónico O90 Psychotherapeutic intervention in addiction disorders: Change in psychopathological symptoms and emotional states Carla Bizarro, Marina Cunha, Ana Galhardo, Couto Margarida, Ana P. Amorim, Eduardo Silva O91 Economic impact of a nursing intervention program to promote self-management in COPD Susana Cruz, José M. Padilha, Jorge Valente O92 Multimodal acute pain management during uterine artery embolization in treatment of uterine myomas José T. Guerrero, Francisco P. Caballero, Rafael B. Santos, Estefania P. Gonzalez, Fátima M. Monago, Lierni U. Ugalde, Marta M. Vélez, Maria J. Tena O93 Fluid administration strategies in major surgery: Goal-directed therapy José T. Guerrero, Rafael Bravo, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Isabel A. Becerra, Mª Elizabeth Agudelo, Guadalupe Acedo, Roberto Bajo O94 Development and implementation of a self-management educational programme using lay-led’s in adolescents Spina Bifida: A pilot study Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O95 Influence of chair-based yoga exercises on salivary anti-microbial proteins in institutionalized frail-elderly women: a preliminary study Guilherme Furtado, Mateus Uba-Chupel, Mariana Marques, Luís Rama, Margarida Braga, José P. Ferreira, Ana Mª Teixeira O96 High intensity interval training vs moderate intensity continuous training impact on diabetes 2 João Cruz, Tiago Barbosa, Ângela Simões, Luís Coelho O97 Family caregiver of people with pressure ulcer: Nursing intervention plan Alexandre Rodrigues, Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Francisco Martinez-Hernández, Bienvenida Rodriguez-De-Vera, Pedro Ferreira, Alexandrina Rodrigues O98 Chronic effects of exercise on motor memory consolidation in elderly people André Ramalho, João Petrica, Pedro Mendes, João Serrano, Inês Santo, António Rosado O99 Impression cytology of the ocular surface: Collection technique and sample processing Paula Mendonça, Kátia Freitas O100 Does sport practice affect the reaction time in neuromuscular activity? Dora Ferreira, António Brito, Renato Fernandes O101 Efficiency of the enteral administration of fibbers in the treatment of chronic obstipation Sofia Gomes, Fernando Moreira, Cláudia Pinho, Rita Oliveira, Ana I. Oliveira O102 Fast decalcifier in compact bone and spongy bone Paula Mendonça, Ana P. Casimiro, Patrícia Martins, Iryna Silva O103 Health promotion in the elderly – Intervention project in dementia Diana Evangelista O104 Prevention of musculoskeletal disorders through an exercise protocol held in labour context Catarina Leitão, Fábia Velosa, Nélio Carecho, Luís Coelho O105 Knowledge of teachers and other education agents on diabetes type 1: Effectiveness of an intervention program Eva Menino, Anjos Dixe, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ester Gama, Clementina Gordo O106 Treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain: a systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Eliana Moreira, Cristiana Midões, Marlene Santos O107 New drugs for osteoporosis treatment: Systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Sara Machado, Vânia P. Oliveira, Marlene Santos O108 Promoting hope at the end of life: Effectiveness of an Intervention Programme Ana Querido, Anjos Dixe, Rita Marques, Zaida Charepe P43 Psychomotor therapy effects on adaptive behaviour and motor proficiency of adults with intellectual disability Ana Antunes, Sofia Santos P44 The effect of exercise therapy in multiple sclerosis – a single study case Marlene C. Rosa P45 Physical condition and self-efficacy in people with fall risk – a preliminary study Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P46 Shock waves: their effectiveness in improving the symptoms of calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder Beatriz Minghelli, Eulália Caro P47 Pacifier – construction and pilot application of a parenting intervention for parents of babies until six months in primary health care Mª José Luís, Teresa Brandão P48 The influence of Motor Imagery in fine motor skills of individuals with disabilities Pedro Mendes, Daniel Marinho, João Petrica, Diogo Monteiro, Rui Paulo, João Serrano, Inês Santo P49 Evaluation of the effects of a walking programme on the fall risk factors in older people – a longitudinal pilot study Lina Monteiro, Fátima Ramalho, Rita Santos-Rocha, Sónia Morgado, Teresa Bento P50 Nursing intervention programme in lifestyles of adolescents Gilberta Sousa, Otília Freitas, Isabel Silva, Gregório Freitas, Clementina Morna, Rita Vasconcelos P51 The person submitted to hip replacement rehabilitation, at home Tatiana Azevedo, Salete Soares, Jacinta Pisco P52 Effects of Melatonin use in the treatment of neurovegetative diseases Paulo P. Ferreira, Efrain O. Olszewer, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira P53 Review of Phytotherapy and other natural substances in alcohol abuse and alcoholism Erica Santos, Ana I. Oliveira, Carla Maia, Fernando Moreira, Joana Santos, Maria F. Mendes, Rita F. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho P54 Dietary programme impact on biochemical markers in diabetics: systematic review Eduarda Barreira, Ana Pereira, Josiana A. Vaz, André Novo P55 Biological approaches to knee osteoarthritis: platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P56 Platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid intra-articular injections for the treatment of ankle osteoarthritis Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P57 The impact of preventive measures in the incidence of diabetic foot ulcers: a systematic review Ana F. César, Mariana Poço, David Ventura, Raquel Loura, Pedro Gomes, Catarina Gomes, Cláudia Silva, Elsa Melo, João Lindo P58 Dating violence among young adolescents Joana Domingos, Zaida Mendes, Susana Poeta, Tiago Carvalho, Catarina Tomás, Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe P59 Physical activity and motor memory in pedal dexterity André Ramalho, António Rosado, Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, Inês Garcia, João Petrica P60 The effects of whole body vibration on the electromyographic activity of thigh muscles Sandra Rodrigues, Rui Meneses, Carlos Afonso, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P61 Mental health promotion in the workplace Marina Cordeiro, Paulo Granjo, José C. Gomes P62 Influence of physical exercise on the self-perception of body image in elderly women: A systematic review of qualitative studies Nelba R. Souza, Guilherme E. Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, Paula Silva, Joana Carvalho O109 Psychometric properties of the Portuguese version of the Éxamen Geronto-Psychomoteur (P-EGP) Marina Ana Morais, Sofia Santos, Paula Lebre, Ana Antunes O110 Symptoms of depression in the elderly population of Portugal, Spain and Italy António Calha O111 Emotion regulation strategies and psychopathology symptoms: A comparison between adolescents with and without deliberate self-harm Ana Xavier, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia O112 Prevalence of physical disability in people with leprosy Liana Alencar, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira O113 Quality of life and self-esteem in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients Ilda Cardoso, Ana Galhardo, Fernanda Daniel, Vítor Rodrigues O114 Cross-cultural comparison of gross motor coordination in children from Brazil and Portugal Leonardo Luz, Tatiana Luz, Maurício R. Ramos, Dayse C. Medeiros, Bruno M. Carmo, André Seabra, Cristina Padez, Manuel C. Silva O115 Electrocardiographic differences between African and Caucasian people António Rodrigues, Patrícia Coelho, Alexandre Coelho O116 Factors associated with domestic, sexual and other types of violence in the city of Palhoça - Brazil Madson Caminha, Filipe Matheus, Elenice Mendes, Jony Correia, Marcia Kretzer O117 Tinnitus prevalence study of users of a hospital of public management - Spain Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvendida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera, Carla Jimenez-Rodriguez, Yadira Armas-Gonzalez O118 Difficulties experienced by parents of children with diabetes mellitus of preschool age in therapeutic and nutritional management Cátia Rodrigues, Rosa Pedroso O119 E-mental health - “nice to have” or “must have”? Exploring the attitudes towards e-mental health in the general population Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O120 Violence against children and adolescents and the role of health professionals: Knowing how to identify and care Milene Veloso, Celina Magalhães, Isabel Cabral, Maira Ferraz O121 Marital violence. A study in the Algarve population Filipe Nave, Emília Costa, Filomena Matos, José Pacheco O122 Clinical factors and adherence to treatment in ischemic heart disease António Dias, Carlos Pereira, João Duarte, Madalena Cunha, Daniel Silva O123 Can religiosity improve optimism in participants in states of illness, when controlling for life satisfaction? Lisete M. Mónico, Valentim R. Alferes, Mª São João Brêda, Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira O124 Empowerment, knowledge and quality of life of people with diabetes type 2 in the Alto Minho Health Local Unit Mª Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Pimenta, José Boavida O125 Antihypertensive therapy adherence among hypertensive patients from Bragança county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, Catarina Silva O126 Subjective perception of sexual achievement - An exploratory study on people with overweight Maria Ribeiro, Maria Viega-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Ana Mª Pereira O127 Physical activity level and associated factors in hypertensive individuals registered in the family health strategy of a basic health unit from the city of Palhoça, Santa Catarina, Brazil Fabrícia M. Almeida, Gustavo L. Estevez, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia R. Kretzer O128 Perception of functional fitness and health in non-institutionalised elderly from rural areas Paulo V. João, Paulo Nogueira, Sandra Novais, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Maria Mota O129 Medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated at primary health care in Coimbra Rui Cruz, Luiz Santiago, Carlos Fontes-Ribeiro O130 Multivariate association between body mass index and multi-comorbidities in elderly people living in low socio-economic status context Guilherme Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, André P. Coutinho, João S. Neto, Lélia R. Vasconcelos, Nelba R. Souza, Estélio Dantas O131 Metacognition, rumination and experiential avoidance in Borderline Personality Disorder Alexandra Dinis, Sérgio Carvalho, Paula Castilho, José Pinto-Gouveia O132 Health issues in a vulnerable population: nursing consultation in a public bathhouse in Lisbon Alexandra Sarreira-Santos, Amélia Figueiredo, Lurdes Medeiros-Garcia, Paulo Seabra O133 The perception of quality of life in people with multiple sclerosis accompanied in External Consultation of the Local Health Unit of Alto Minho Rosa Rodrigues, Mª Carminda Morais, Paula O. Fernandes O134 Representation of interaction established between immigrant women and nurse during pregnancy to postpartum, from the perspective of immigrant women Conceição Santiago, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo, Marta L. Basto O135 Illness perceptions and medication adherence in hypertension Teresa Guimarães, André Coelho, Anabela Graça, Ana M. Silva, Ana R. Fonseca O136 A Portuguese study on adults’ intimate partner violence, interpersonal trust and hope Luz Vale-Dias, Bárbara Minas, Graciete Franco-Borges P63 QOL’ predictors of people with intellectual disability and general population Cristina Simões, Sofia Santos P64 Content validation of the Communication Disability Profile (CDP) - Portuguese Version Ana Serra, Maria Matos, Luís Jesus P65 Study of biochemical and haematological changes in football players Ana S. Tavares, Ana Almeida, Céu Leitão, Edna Varandas, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém P66 Body image dissatisfaction in inflammatory bowel disease: exploring the role of chronic illness-related shame Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira, José Pinto-Gouveia, Joana Marta-Simões P67 Obesity and sleep in the adult population - a systematic review Odete Amaral, Cristiana Miranda, Pedro Guimarães, Rodrigo Gonçalves, Nélio Veiga, Carlos Pereira P68 Frequency of daytime sleepiness and obstructive sleep apnea risk in COPD patients Tânia C. Fleig, Elisabete A. San-Martin, Cássia L. Goulart, Paloma B. Schneiders, Natacha F. Miranda, Lisiane L. Carvalho, Andrea G. Silva P69 Working with immigrant-origin clients: discourses and practices of health professionals Joana Topa, Conceição Nogueira, Sofia Neves P70 Systemic Lupus Erythematosus – what are audiovestibular changes? Rita Ventura, Cristina Nazaré P71 Mental disorders in the oldest old: findings from the Portuguese national hospitalization database Daniela Brandão, Alberto Freitas, Óscar Ribeiro, Constança Paúl P72 Recurrence analysis in postural control in children with cerebral palsy Cristiana Mercê, Marco Branco, Pedro Almeida, Daniela Nascimento, Juliana Pereira, David Catela P73 The experience of self-care in the elderly with COPD: contributions to reflect proximity care Helga Rafael P74 Culturally competent nurses: managing unpredictability in clinical practice with immigrants Alcinda C. Reis O137 Paediatric speech and language screening: An instrument for health professionals Ana Mendes, Ana R. Valente, Marisa Lousada O138 Anthropometric and nutritional assessment in bodybuilders Diana Sousa, Ana L. Baltazar, Mª Helena Loureiro O139 Computerized adventitious respiratory sounds in children with lower respiratory tract infections Ana Oliveira, José Aparício, Alda Marques O140 Role of computerized respiratory sounds as a marker in LRTI Alda Marques, Ana Oliveira, Joana Neves, Rodrigo Ayoub O141 Confirmatory factor analysis of the Personal Wellbeing Index in people with chronic kidney disease Luís Sousa, Cristina Marques-Vieira, Sandy Severino, Helena José O142 Phonological awareness skills in school aged children Inês Cadorio, Marisa Lousada O143 Assessment of early memories of warmth and safeness in interaction with peers: its relationship with psychopathology in adolescence Marina Cunha, Diogo Andrade, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O144 The molecular effects induced by single shot irradiation on a diffuse large B cell lymphoma cell line Fernando Mendes, Cátia Domingues, Susann Schukg, Ana M. Abrantes, Ana C. Gonçalves, Tiago Sales, Ricardo Teixo, Rita Silva, Jéssica Estrela, Mafalda Laranjo, João Casalta-Lopes, Clara Rocha, Paulo C. Simões, Ana B. Sarmento-Ribeiro, Mª Filomena Botelho, Manuel S. Rosa O145 Morpho-functional characterization of cardiac chambers by Transthoracic Echocardiography, in young athletes of gymnastics competition Virgínia Fonseca, Diogo Colaço, Vanessa Neves O146 Prevalence of the antibodies of the new histo-blood system – FORS system Carlos Jesus, Camilla Hesse, Clara Rocha, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Lola Svensson, Fernando Mendes, Wafa A. Siba, Cristina Pereira, Jorge Tomaz O147 Assessment of the war-related perceived threat in Portuguese Colonial War Veterans Teresa Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha O148 Pulse transit time estimation for continuous blood pressure measurement: A comparative study Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O149 Blood pressure assessment during standard clinical manoeuvres: A non-invasive PPT based approach Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O150 Development and initial validation of the Activities and Participation Profile related to Mobility (APPM) Anabela C. Martins O151 MEASYCare-2010 Standard–A geriatric evaluation system in primary health care: Reliability and validity of the latest version in Portugal Piedade Brandão, Laura Martins, Margarida Cardoso O152 Interrater and intrarater reliability and agreement of the range of shoulder flexion in the standing upright position through photographic assessment Nuno Morais, Joana Cruz O153 Three-dimensional biofabrication techniques for tissue regeneration Nuno Alves, Paula Faria, Artur Mateus, Pedro Morouço O154 A new computer tool for biofabrication applied to tissue engineering Nuno Alves, Nelson Ferreira, Artur Mateus, Paula Faria, Pedro Morouço O155 Development and psychometric qualities of a scale to measure the functional independence of adolescents with motor impairment Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O156 Organizational Trust in Health services: Exploratory and Confirmatory factor analysis of the Organizational Trust Inventory- Short Form (OTI-SF) Pedro Parreira, Andreia Cardoso, Lisete Mónico, Carla Carvalho, Albino Lopes, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira O157 Thermal symmetry: An indicator of occupational task asymmetries in physiotherapy Adérito Seixas, Valter Soares, Tiago Dias, Ricardo Vardasca, Joaquim Gabriel, Sandra Rodrigues O158 A study of ICT active monitoring adoption in stroke rehabilitation Hugo Paredes, Arsénio Reis, Sara Marinho, Vítor Filipe, João Barroso O159 Paranoia Checklist (Portuguese Version): Preliminary studies in a mixed sample of patients and healthy controls Carolina Da Motta, Célia B. Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Ermelindo Peixoto O160 Reliability and validity of the Composite Scale on Morningness: European Portuguese version, in adolescents and young adults Ana A. Gomes, Vanessa Costa, Diana Couto, Daniel R. Marques, José A. Leitão, José Tavares, Maria H. Azevedo, Carlos F. Silva O161 Evaluation scale of patient satisfaction with nursing care: Psychometric properties evaluation João Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O162 Impact of fibromyalgia on quality of life: Comparing results from generic instruments and FIQR Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Gang Chen, Angelo Iezzi, José A. Sala, José A. Parraça, Narcis Gusi O163 Preliminary study of the adaptation and validation of the Rating Scale of Resilient Self: Resilience, self-harm and suicidal ideation in adolescents Jani Sousa, Mariana Marques, Jacinto Jardim, Anabela Pereira, Sónia Simões, Marina Cunha O164 Development of the first pressure ulcer in inpatient setting: Focus on length of stay Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Lindo, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo O165 Forms of Self-Criticizing and Self-Reassuring Scale: Adaptation and early findings in a sample of Portuguese children Célia B. Carvalho, Joana Benevides, Marina Sousa, Joana Cabral, Carolina Da Motta O166 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – Preliminary results of the dimensional approach Ana T. Pereira, Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Rosa Carvalho, Mariana Marques, António Macedo O167 Psychometric properties of the BaSIQS-Basic Scale on insomnia symptoms and quality of sleep, in adults and in the elderly Ana M. Silva, Juliana Alves, Ana A. Gomes, Daniel R. Marques, Mª Helena Azevedo, Carlos Silva O168 Enlightening the human decision in health: The skin melanocytic classification challenge Ana Mendes, Huei D. Lee, Newton Spolaôr, Jefferson T. Oliva, Wu F. Chung, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O169 Test-retest reliability household life study and health questionnaire Pomerode (SHIP-BRAZIL) Keila Bairros, Cláudia D. Silva, Clóvis A. Souza, Silvana S. Schroeder O170 Characterization of sun exposure behaviours among medical students from Nova Medical School Elsa Araújo, Helena Monteiro, Ricardo Costa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal O171 Spirituality in pregnant women Carolina G. Henriques, Luísa Santos, Elisa F. Caceiro, Sónia A. Ramalho O172 Polypharmacy in older patients with cancer Rita Oliveira, Vera Afreixo, João Santos, Priscilla Mota, Agostinho Cruz, Francisco Pimentel O173 Quality of life of caregivers of people with advanced chronic disease: Translation and validation of the quality of life in life threatening illness - family carer version (QOLLTI-C-PT) Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa O174 The psychometric properties of the brief Other as Shamer Scale for Children (OAS-C): preliminary validation studies in a sample of Portuguese children Joana Benevides, Carolina Da Motta, Marina Sousa, Suzana N. Caldeira, Célia B. Carvalho O175 Measuring emotional intelligence in health care students – Revalidation of WLEIS-P Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O176 Health indicators in prenatal assistance: The impact of computerization and of under-production in basic health centres Joyce O. Costa, Frederico C. Valim, Lígia C. Ribeiro O177 Hope genogram: Assessment of resources and interaction patterns in the family of the child with cerebral palsy Zaida Charepe, Ana Querido, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo O178 The influence of childbirth type in postpartum quality of life Priscila S. Aquino, Samila G. Ribeiro, Ana B. Pinheiro, Paula A. Lessa, Mirna F. Oliveira, Luísa S. Brito, Ítalo N. Pinto, Alessandra S. Furtado, Régia B. Castro, Caroline Q. Aquino, Eveliny S. Martins O179 Women’s beliefs about pap smear test and cervical cancer: influence of social determinants Ana B Pinheiro, Priscila S. Aquino, Lara L. Oliveira, Patrícia C. Pinheiro, Caroline R. Sousa, Vívien A. Freitas, Tatiane M. Silva, Adman S. Lima, Caroline Q. Aquino, Karizia V. Andrade, Camila A. Oliveira, Eglidia F. Vidal O180 Validity of the Portuguese version of the ASI-3: Is anxiety sensitivity a unidimensional or multidimensional construct? Ana Ganho-Ávila, Mariana Moura-Ramos, Óscar Gonçalves, Jorge Almeida O181 Lifestyles of higher education students: the influence of self-esteem and psychological well-being Armando Silva, Irma Brito, João Amado P75 Assessing the quality of life of persons with significant intellectual disability: Portuguese version of Escala de San Martín António Rodrigo, Sofia Santos, Fernando Gomes P76 Childhood obesity and breastfeeding - A systematic review Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P77 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Foot and Ankle Ability Measure (FAAM) for the Portuguese population Sara Luís, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P78 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Patient-Rated Wrist Evaluation score (PRWE) for the Portuguese population Rui S. Lopes, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P79 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Myocardial Infraction Dimensional Assessment Scale (MIDAS) for Brazilian Portuguese language Bruno H. Fiorin, Marina S. Santos, Edmar S. Oliveira, Rita L. Moreira, Elizabete A. Oliveira, Braulio L. Filho P80 The revised Portuguese version of the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire: A confirmatory factor analysis Lara Palmeira, Teresa Garcia, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha P81 Assessing weight-related psychological inflexibility: An exploratory factor analysis of the AAQW’s Portuguese version Sara Cardoso, Lara Palmeira, Marina Cunha

There are 11 Target Papers Found during the search in PubMed!
They are:
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
history of gestational diabetes and incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the kangbuk samsung health study.
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes.
current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in u.s. women.
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference.
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.

In the end, 6 Target Papers were left after filtering!
They are:
increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in european women with a history of gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease.
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
history of gestational diabetes and incident nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the kangbuk samsung health study.
transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.

The number of target article missing is: 5
False Positive Rate: 0.5457875457875457
False Negative Rate: 0.45454545454545453
